1 Kings 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/1%20Kings/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Kings 12:1 Rehoboam went to Shechem because all Israel had gathered there to make him king.
1 Kings 12:2 When Jeroboam, son of Nebat, was still in Egypt, he heard about it. He had run away from King Solomon and was living in Egypt.
1 Kings 12:3 They sent for him and called him. Jeroboam and all the people of Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam, saying,
1 Kings 12:4 Your father made our work very hard. Now please make the hard work and the heavy load he put on us lighter, and we will serve you.
1 Kings 12:5 He told them, "Go away for three days, then come back to me." So the people left.
1 Kings 12:6 King Rehoboam asked the elders who had served his father Solomon for advice, saying, "What is your advice on how I should respond to these people?"
1 Kings 12:7 They said to him, "If you agree to serve these people today, help them, listen to them, and say kind things to them, then they will be your servants always."
1 Kings 12:8 He ignored the advice of the older men that they had given him and asked the young men who had grown up with him and who served him for their opinion.
1 Kings 12:9 He asked them, "What advice do you suggest we give to the people who said to me, 'Make the heavy burden your father put on us lighter'?"
1 Kings 12:10 The young men who grew up with him said to him, "This is how you should talk to the people who told you, 'Your father made our work hard, but you should make it easier for us': You should say to them, 'My little finger is stronger than my father's waist.'
1 Kings 12:11 My father made your workload heavy, but I will make it even heavier. He disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions.
1 Kings 12:12 So Jeroboam and all the people went to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king had told them, "Come back to me on the third day."
1 Kings 12:13 The king spoke harshly to the people and ignored the advice the elders had given him.
1 Kings 12:14 He spoke to them, following the young men's advice, saying, "My father made your workload heavy, and I will make it even heavier. My father disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions."
1 Kings 12:15 So the king did not listen to the people, because this was God's plan, to fulfill what God had said through Ahijah from Shiloh to Jeroboam, Nebat's son.
1 Kings 12:16 When all Israel realized that the king did not listen to them, the people told the king, "What share do we have in David? We have no part in Jesse's son: Go to your homes, Israel. Take care of your own family, David." So Israel went back to their homes.
1 Kings 12:17 The children of Israel who lived in the towns of Judah were ruled by Rehoboam.
1 Kings 12:18 Then King Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was in charge of taxes, but all the people of Israel stoned him to death. So King Rehoboam hurried to his chariot and escaped to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 12:19 Israel turned against David's family and has done so to this day.
1 Kings 12:20 When all of Israel learned that Jeroboam had returned, they called him to their assembly and made him king over all Israel. Only the tribe of Judah stayed loyal to David's family.
1 Kings 12:21 When Rehoboam arrived in Jerusalem, he gathered the people of Judah and the Benjamin tribe, 180,000 selected soldiers, to battle the people of Israel and return the kingdom to Rehoboam, Solomon's son.
1 Kings 12:22 God's message came to Shemaiah, the man of God, saying,
1 Kings 12:23 Tell Rehoboam, Solomon's son and king of Judah, and all the people of Judah and Benjamin, and the others who are left, this message:
1 Kings 12:24 God says, “Do not attack or fight your brothers, the Israelites. Go back to your homes because this is my will." So they listened to God's command and went back home as God had said.
1 Kings 12:25 Jeroboam rebuilt Shechem in the hills of Ephraim and lived there. Then he left and built Penuel.
1 Kings 12:26 Jeroboam thought, "Now the kingdom will go back to David's family."
1 Kings 12:27 If these people go to make sacrifices in God's house at Jerusalem, then their loyalty will return to their king, Rehoboam of Judah, and they will kill me and follow Rehoboam king of Judah again.
1 Kings 12:28 The king got advice, then made two gold calves and told the people, "It's too hard for you to go to Jerusalem. Here are your gods, Israel, who brought you out of Egypt."
1 Kings 12:29 He placed one idol in Bethel and the other in Dan.
1 Kings 12:30 This action became a sin because the people went to worship the statue, all the way to Dan.
1 Kings 12:31 He built a temple on high places and appointed as priests people of low status who were not from the Levi tribe.
1 Kings 12:32 Jeroboam set up a festival in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day, similar to the one in Judah, and he made sacrifices on the altar. He did this in Bethel, offering to the calves he created, and he appointed priests for the shrines he made in Bethel.
1 Kings 12:33 He made sacrifices on the altar he built in Bethel on the fifteenth day of the eighth month, a date he chose himself; he set up a celebration for the Israelite people and he made offerings on the altar and burned incense.
