1 Peter 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20Peter/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Peter 2:1 So put away all meanness, trickery, pretending, jealousy, and talking about others badly.
1 Peter 2:2 Like new babies, crave pure spiritual milk so you can grow because of it.
1 Peter 2:3 If you have experienced God's kindness.
1 Peter 2:4 Come to Him like you would to a living stone, which people have rejected but which God has chosen and values highly.
1 Peter 2:5 You too, like living stones, are being made into a spiritual temple, a sacred group of priests, to give spiritual offerings that please God through Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 2:6 The scripture says, "Look, I put a very important and chosen cornerstone in Zion. Whoever believes in him will not be embarrassed."
1 Peter 2:7 So for you who believe, he is valuable, but for those who don't obey, the stone the builders rejected has become the cornerstone.
1 Peter 2:8 A stumbling block and a rock that makes them fall, even for those who stumble over the message because they do not obey: this is what they were destined for.
1 Peter 2:9 You are a special group, chosen to be kings' priests and a holy nation, different from others; so you can show everyone how great God is, who brought you from darkness into his wonderful light.
1 Peter 2:10 Before, you were not a people, but now you are God's people; before, you did not receive mercy, but now you have received mercy.
1 Peter 2:11 Dear friends, I urge you as outsiders and travelers, to avoid bodily desires, which fight against the soul.
1 Peter 2:12 Live well among non-believers so even if they accuse you of doing wrong, they will see your good deeds and honor God when he examines us.
1 Peter 2:13 Obey all human laws for God's sake, whether they come from the king, who is highest.
1 Peter 2:14 Or to leaders, as to those sent by God to punish those who do wrong and to praise those who do right.
1 Peter 2:15 God wants you to do good so you can silence the foolish talk of ignorant people.
1 Peter 2:16 As free, but don't use your freedom to hide bad actions, instead live as God's servants.
1 Peter 2:17 Respect everyone. Love your fellow believers. Be in awe of God. Respect the leader.
1 Peter 2:18 Workers, obey your bosses with full respect; not just the kind and fair ones, but also the difficult ones.
1 Peter 2:19 It is good if someone bears pain for doing right because of their conscience toward God, even if they suffer unfairly.
1 Peter 2:20 What good is it if you endure punishment for doing wrong? But if you do right and still suffer for it, and endure it, this pleases God.
1 Peter 2:21 You were called to this because Christ suffered for us, giving us an example to follow his steps.
1 Peter 2:22 He did not sin and no deceit was in his mouth.
1 Peter 2:23 When people insulted him, he did not insult back; when he was hurt, he did not threaten them but trusted in God who judges fairly.
1 Peter 2:24 He carried our sins in his body on the cross so that we, free from sins, can live a good life. By his wounds, you have been healed.
1 Peter 2:25 You were like lost sheep; but now you have come back to the Shepherd and Guardian of your souls.
