1 Corinthians 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20Corinthians/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Corinthians 1:1 Paul, chosen as a messenger of Jesus Christ by God's will, and our brother Sosthenes,
1 Corinthians 1:2 To God's church in Corinth, to those made holy in Christ Jesus, called to be God's people, along with all who call on the name of our Lord Jesus Christ everywhere: theirs and ours.
1 Corinthians 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:4 I always thank God for you because of His kindness given to you through Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:5 In every way, you have been made rich by God, in all your speaking and in all your understanding.
1 Corinthians 1:6 Just as the message about Christ was proven true among you:
1 Corinthians 1:7 So you lack no gift as you wait for our Lord Jesus Christ to come.
1 Corinthians 1:8 God will also strengthen you to the end, so that you may be without fault on the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:9 God is trustworthy, and He called you to join in the life with His Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:10 I ask you, friends, in the name of Jesus Christ, to all agree and not be divided; be completely united with the same thoughts and the same opinions.
1 Corinthians 1:11 I have been told by Chloe's people that there are arguments among you, my brothers and sisters.
1 Corinthians 1:12 I tell you, everyone says, "I follow Paul," or "I follow Apollos," or "I follow Cephas," or "I follow Christ."
1 Corinthians 1:13 Is Christ split into parts? Was Paul put on the cross for you? Or were you baptized in Paul's name?
1 Corinthians 1:14 I thank God I baptized none of you except Crispus and Gaius.
1 Corinthians 1:15 So no one could claim that I baptized using my own name.
1 Corinthians 1:16 I also baptized Stephanas's family, but I don't know if I baptized anyone else.
1 Corinthians 1:17 Christ did not send me to baptize, but to share the good news; not with fancy words, so the work of Christ on the cross is not made useless.
1 Corinthians 1:18 Talking about the cross seems silly to those who are dying, but to us who are saved, it shows God's power.
1 Corinthians 1:19 It is written, I will ruin the wisdom of the wise, and I will make the knowledge of the smart people worthless.
1 Corinthians 1:20 Where is the wise? Where is the writer? Where is the debater of this age? Hasn't God made the world's wisdom look foolish?
1 Corinthians 1:21 Because the world did not know God through its own wisdom, God chose to save those who believe through the simple message of preaching.
1 Corinthians 1:22 Jews ask for a sign, and Greeks look for wisdom.
1 Corinthians 1:23 We tell people about Christ, who was nailed to a cross. This causes Jewish people to trip and seem silly to Greek people.
1 Corinthians 1:24 But for those who are called, both Jews and non-Jews, Christ is God's power and God's wisdom.
1 Corinthians 1:25 Even what seems foolish in God is wiser than human wisdom, and what seems weak in God is stronger than human strength.
1 Corinthians 1:26 You see, friends, that not many wise by human standards, not many powerful, not many of high status are chosen.
1 Corinthians 1:27 God chose the foolish things in the world to confuse the wise; God chose the weak things in the world to confuse the strong.
1 Corinthians 1:28 God has chosen the lowly and despised things of the world, even things that are not, to make nothing of the things that are.
1 Corinthians 1:29 No one should boast before God.
1 Corinthians 1:30 Through Christ Jesus, you have received from God wisdom, righteousness, holiness, and freedom from sin.
1 Corinthians 1:31 So, as it is written, "If anyone wants to boast, they should boast about God."
