1 Corinthians 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20Corinthians/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Corinthians 2:1 When I came to you, friends, I did not use fancy talking or great wisdom to tell you about God.
1 Corinthians 2:2 I decided to focus only on knowing about Jesus Christ and his crucifixion when I was with you.
1 Corinthians 2:3 I was with you feeling weak, scared, and shaking a lot.
1 Corinthians 2:4 My speaking and preaching weren't with fancy words of human wisdom, but with clear evidence of the Spirit and power.
1 Corinthians 2:5 Your faith should not be based on human wisdom, but on God's power.
1 Corinthians 2:6 We talk about deep understanding with the mature, but it's not the knowledge of this world or its leaders, which will all end.
1 Corinthians 2:7 We talk about God's wisdom that is secret and hidden, wisdom that God decided before the world began for our glory.
1 Corinthians 2:8 The rulers of this world did not understand this; if they had, they would not have crucified the glorious Lord.
1 Corinthians 2:9 People have not seen, heard, or even imagined what God has ready for those who love Him.
1 Corinthians 2:10 God has shown these things to us through his Spirit, because the Spirit explores everything, even the deep things of God.
1 Corinthians 2:11 Who knows what a person thinks except their own spirit? Just like that, no one knows God's thoughts except God's Spirit.
1 Corinthians 2:12 We have received, not the world's spirit, but the spirit from God; so we can know what God has freely given us.
1 Corinthians 2:13 We speak about these things not with words taught by human wisdom, but with those taught by the Holy Spirit, explaining spiritual truths with the help of the Spirit.
1 Corinthians 2:14 A person without the Spirit does not accept what comes from God's Spirit, because it seems foolish to them. They cannot understand it because it must be understood in a spiritual way.
1 Corinthians 2:15 The spiritual person can assess everything, but no one can judge him.
1 Corinthians 2:16 Who has understood God's thoughts, that they could teach Him? But we think like Christ.
