1 Corinthians 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20Corinthians/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Corinthians 6:1 Would any of you, with a dispute against another, sue in a court with unfair judges instead of bringing the case to God's people?
1 Corinthians 6:2 Don't you know that God's holy people will judge the world? And if you will judge the world, can't you handle small issues?
1 Corinthians 6:3 Don't you know we will judge angels? How much more the things of this life?
1 Corinthians 6:4 If you have to decide on matters of this life, choose those who are least important in the church to be the judges.
1 Corinthians 6:5 I am telling you this to make you ashamed. Isn't there one wise person among you who can resolve disputes among brothers?
1 Corinthians 6:6 A brother takes another brother to court, and this happens in front of people who don't believe.
1 Corinthians 6:7 Now you have a big problem because you sue each other. Wouldn't it be better to accept being wronged? Why not rather let yourselves be cheated?
1 Corinthians 6:8 No, you do wrong and cheat, and you do this to your brothers.
1 Corinthians 6:9 Don't you know that wrongdoers will not get into God's kingdom? Do not be fooled: people who have sex without being married, worship idols, cheat on their spouses, act in unmanly ways, or use others for sexual acts,
1 Corinthians 6:10 Thieves, greedy people, drunk people, people who insult others, and those who cheat others will not inherit God's kingdom.
1 Corinthians 6:11 Some of you were like that, but now you are clean, made holy, and made right with God in the name of Jesus, and by God's Spirit.
1 Corinthians 6:12 I can do anything, but not everything is good for me: I can do anything, but I won't be controlled by anything.
1 Corinthians 6:13 Food is for the stomach, and the stomach for food, but God will end both. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for God, and God is for the body.
1 Corinthians 6:14 God raised up the Lord and will also raise us up by his power.
1 Corinthians 6:15 Don't you know that your bodies are parts of Christ? Should I then take the parts of Christ and join them to a prostitute? No way.
1 Corinthians 6:16 Do you not know that a person who joins with a prostitute becomes one body with her? For two people, God says, will become one flesh.
1 Corinthians 6:17 Whoever is united with God is one in spirit.
1 Corinthians 6:18 Run away from sexual immorality. Every other sin a person commits is outside their body, but someone who is sexually immoral sins against their own body.
1 Corinthians 6:19 Don't you know that your body is the home of the Holy Spirit who is in you, given by God, and that you do not belong to yourselves?
1 Corinthians 6:20 You were bought for a price: so honor God with your body and spirit, which belong to God.
