1 Samuel 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/1%20Samuel/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Samuel 3:1 The boy Samuel served God with Eli. In those times, God's messages were rare and visions were not common.
1 Samuel 3:2 At that time, when Eli was lying down in his spot and his eyes were starting to grow weak so he couldn't see;
1 Samuel 3:3 Before the lamp of God went out in God's temple, where God's ark was, and Samuel had gone to bed;
1 Samuel 3:4 God called Samuel, and he answered, "I'm here."
1 Samuel 3:5 He ran to Eli and said, "Here I am; you called me." But Eli answered, "I didn't call; go back to bed." So he went and lay down again.
1 Samuel 3:6 God called Samuel again, and Samuel got up and went to Eli and said, "Here I am, you called me." But he replied, "I didn't call you, my son; go back to sleep."
1 Samuel 3:7 Samuel did not yet know God, and God's word had not been shown to him.
1 Samuel 3:8 God called Samuel a third time. He got up, went to Eli, and said, "I'm here; you called me." Then Eli realized that God had called the boy.
1 Samuel 3:9 So Eli told Samuel, "Go back to bed, and if he calls you, say, 'Speak, God; your servant is listening.'" Then Samuel went and lay down in his spot.
1 Samuel 3:10 God came, stood, and called as before, "Samuel, Samuel." Then Samuel answered, "Speak, for your servant is listening."
1 Samuel 3:11 God said to Samuel, "Look, I will do something in Israel that will make everyone's ears who hears it ring."
1 Samuel 3:12 On that day, I will do everything I said about Eli's family: when I start, I will finish it.
1 Samuel 3:13 I have told him that I will always judge his family for the wrongs he knows about; because his sons acted badly, and he did not stop them.
1 Samuel 3:14 So I promised Eli's family that their wrongs will never be forgiven by sacrifice or offering.
1 Samuel 3:15 Samuel lay until morning and opened the doors of God's house. Samuel was afraid to tell Eli about the vision.
1 Samuel 3:16 Then Eli called Samuel and said, "Samuel, my son." And he replied, "I'm here."
1 Samuel 3:17 He asked, "What did God tell you? Please, don't keep it from me. May God punish you if you hide anything he said from me."
1 Samuel 3:18 Samuel told him everything, and kept nothing from him. And he said, It is God: let him do what seems good to him.
1 Samuel 3:19 Samuel grew up, and God was with him, and made sure that all his words were effective.
1 Samuel 3:20 Everyone in Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, understood that Samuel was confirmed as a prophet of God.
1 Samuel 3:21 God appeared again in Shiloh because He showed Himself to Samuel in Shiloh through God's message.
