1 Samuel 8 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/1%20Samuel/Chapter%208.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Samuel 8:1 When Samuel got old, he appointed his sons as judges for Israel.
1 Samuel 8:2 His first son was named Joel and his second, Abiah; they were judges in Beersheba.
1 Samuel 8:3 His sons did not follow his ways, but chased after money, accepted bribes, and twisted justice.
1 Samuel 8:4 All the leaders of Israel came together and went to see Samuel in Ramah.
1 Samuel 8:5 They said to him, "Look, you are old and your sons do not follow your ways. Now appoint for us a king to lead us, like other nations have."
1 Samuel 8:6 Samuel was upset when they said, "Give us a king to lead us." So he prayed to God.
1 Samuel 8:7 God said to Samuel, "Listen to what the people are saying to you. They haven't rejected you; they've rejected me as their ruler."
1 Samuel 8:8 Based on everything they've done since I took them out of Egypt until now, they have left me and worshiped other gods; they are doing the same to you.
1 Samuel 8:9 Listen to what they say, but clearly warn them and explain how the king who will rule them will act.
1 Samuel 8:10 Samuel told the people who wanted a king everything that God had said.
1 Samuel 8:11 He said, "The king who will rule over you will take your sons for himself, to use them for his chariots and as his horsemen, and some will run in front of his chariots."
1 Samuel 8:12 He will make people leaders over groups of a thousand and leaders over groups of fifty; he will assign them to plow his land, harvest his crops, and make his weapons and chariot equipment.
1 Samuel 8:13 He will take your daughters to make sweets, to cook, and to bake.
1 Samuel 8:14 He will take your farms, grapevines, and olive groves, the best ones, and give them to his workers.
1 Samuel 8:15 He will take a tenth of your crops and your vineyards and give it to his officials and servants.
1 Samuel 8:16 He will take your male and female servants, your best young men, and your donkeys, and make them work for him.
1 Samuel 8:17 He will take a tenth of your sheep, and you will become his servants.
1 Samuel 8:18 You will cry out on that day because of the king you chose; but God will not listen to you on that day.
1 Samuel 8:19 Still, the people wouldn't listen to Samuel, saying, "No, we want a king to rule over us."
1 Samuel 8:20 We want to be like other countries; we want our king to make decisions for us, lead us, and fight our wars.
1 Samuel 8:21 Samuel heard everything the people said and told it to God.
1 Samuel 8:22 God told Samuel, "Listen to what they say and give them a king." Then Samuel said to the Israelites, "Everyone go back to your own town."
