John 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/John/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

John 16:1 I have told you these things so you won't be upset.
John 16:2 They will throw you out of the synagogues; yes, a time is coming when anyone who kills you will think they are serving God.
John 16:3 They will do these things to you because they do not know the Father or me.
John 16:4 I have told you these things so that when the time comes, you will remember that I warned you. I didn't tell you this from the start because I was with you.
John 16:5 Now I am going to the one who sent me, and none of you is asking me, "Where are you going?"
John 16:6 Because I told you this, sadness has filled your heart.
John 16:7 I'm telling you the truth: It's better for you that I leave. If I don't go, the Helper won't come to you. But if I go, I'll send him to you.
John 16:8 When he comes, he will show the world their sin, what is right, and how they are judged.
John 16:9 About sin, because they do not believe in me;
John 16:10 About being right with God, because I am going to my Father, and you won't see me again;
John 16:11 About judgment, because the leader of this world has been judged.
John 16:12 I have many more things to tell you, but you can't handle them now.
John 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes, he will lead you to all truth. He won't speak on his own but will say what he hears, and he will show you what is to come.
John 16:14 He will honor me because he will take from what is mine and show it to you.
John 16:15 Everything that the Father has is mine; that's why I said He will take what's mine and show it to you.
John 16:16 Soon you will not see me, but then soon after, you will see me again because I am going to the Father.
John 16:17 Some of his followers asked each other, "What does he mean by saying, 'In a little while, you won't see me, but then after a little while, you will see me,' and 'Because I am going to the Father'?"
John 16:18 So they asked, "What does he mean by 'a little while'? We don't understand what he is saying."
John 16:19 Jesus knew they wanted to ask him questions. He said to them, "Are you wondering about what I meant when I said, 'Soon you won't see me, and then after a little while, you will see me again'?"
John 16:20 Truly, truly, I tell you, you will cry and be sad, while the world will be happy. You will feel sorrow, but your sorrow will become joy.
John 16:21 A woman feels pain when she is giving birth because her time has arrived; but once the baby is born, she forgets the pain because she is happy that a baby has come into the world.
John 16:22 You are sad now, but I will see you again, and you will be happy, and no one will take away your happiness.
John 16:23 On that day you will not ask me anything. Truly, I tell you, whatever you ask God in my name, he will give to you.
John 16:24 Until now, you have asked for nothing in my name; ask and you will receive, so that your happiness may be complete.
John 16:25 I have told you these things in riddles, but a time will come when I will not use riddles. Instead, I will tell you clearly about God.
John 16:26 On that day you will ask in my name, and I am not saying that I will ask God for you.
John 16:27 God loves you himself because you have loved me and believed that I came from God.
John 16:28 I came from the Father and entered the world; now I leave the world and return to the Father.
John 16:29 His followers said to him, "Look, now you are speaking clearly and not using difficult sayings."
John 16:30 We are now certain that you know everything and don't need anyone to question you. This makes us believe that you came from God.
John 16:31 Jesus answered them, "Do you now believe?"
John 16:32 Soon, you will all go your separate ways and leave me alone, but I am not really alone because God is with me.
John 16:33 I told you these things so you can have peace in me. You will face trouble in the world, but stay positive; I have beaten the world.
