John 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/John/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

John 2:1 On the third day, there was a wedding in Cana of Galilee, and Jesus' mother was there.
John 2:2 Jesus and his followers were invited to the wedding.
John 2:3 When they ran out of wine, Jesus' mother told him, "They have no wine."
John 2:4 Jesus said to her, "Woman, why involve me? My time hasn't come yet."
John 2:5 His mother told the servants, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it."
John 2:6 Six stone water jars were placed there, used by the Jews for ritual washing, each holding two or three firkins.
John 2:7 Jesus told them, "Put water in the jars." And they filled them to the top.
John 2:8 He said to them, "Take some out now, and give it to the master of the banquet." So they did.
John 2:9 When the person in charge of the party tasted the water that had turned into wine, without knowing where it came from (though the servants who got the water knew), the leader of the party called the groom.
John 2:10 He said to him, "Everyone first serves the good wine, and when people have had enough to drink, they bring out the cheaper wine. But you have saved the good wine for now."
John 2:11 Jesus did his first miracle in Cana, Galilee, showing his glory; his followers then believed in him.
John 2:12 After this, he went to Capernaum with his mother, brothers, and disciples, and they stayed there for a short time.
John 2:13 The Jewish Passover was coming soon, and Jesus went to Jerusalem.
John 2:14 He found in the temple people selling cattle, sheep, and doves, and money changers sitting down.
John 2:15 He made a whip from cords and chased everyone out of the temple, along with the sheep and cattle. He spilled the money changers' coins and flipped over their tables.
John 2:16 He said to those selling doves, "Take these things away; do not turn my Father's house into a place for selling goods."
John 2:17 His followers remembered the scripture: "Passion for your house consumes me."
John 2:18 The Jews replied to him, "What sign can you show us to prove you have the right to do these things?"
John 2:19 Jesus replied to them, "Tear down this temple, and in three days I will rebuild it."
John 2:20 The Jewish leaders said, "It took forty-six years to build this temple, and you can raise it in three days?"
John 2:21 He was talking about the temple of his body.
John 2:22 So when he had risen from the dead, his followers remembered he had told them this; and they believed the scripture and what Jesus had said.
John 2:23 While he was in Jerusalem during the Passover festival, many people trusted in him because they saw the miracles he performed.
John 2:24 But Jesus didn't trust himself to them because he knew everyone.
John 2:25 He didn't need anyone to tell him about people because he knew what was in everyone.
