John 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/John/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

John 20:1 Mary Magdalene came to the tomb early on the first day of the week, while it was still dark, and saw that the stone had been removed from the tomb.
John 20:2 She ran to Simon Peter and the other disciple, who Jesus loved, and said to them, "They have taken away God from the tomb, and we don't know where they have put him."
John 20:3 Peter and another disciple went out and came to the tomb.
John 20:4 They both ran, but the other disciple ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first.
John 20:5 He bent over, looked inside, and saw the linen cloths lying there, but he did not go in.
John 20:6 Simon Peter arrived later, went into the tomb, and saw the linen wrappings lying there.
John 20:7 The cloth that had been on his head wasn't lying with the other linen, but was folded up by itself separately.
John 20:8 The other disciple who arrived first at the tomb also went inside, saw, and believed.
John 20:9 They did not yet understand the Scripture that said he had to rise from the dead.
John 20:10 The followers then went back to their own homes.
John 20:11 Mary stood outside the tomb crying, and as she cried, she bent over to look inside the tomb.
John 20:12 She sees two angels in white sitting, one at the head and the other at the feet, where Jesus's body had been.
John 20:13 They ask her, "Woman, why are you crying?" She answers them, "Because they have taken away my Lord, and I don't know where they have put him."
John 20:14 After saying this, she turned around, saw Jesus standing there, but did not recognize it was Jesus.
John 20:15 Jesus asked her, "Woman, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Thinking he was the gardener, she said to him, "Sir, if you have taken him away, tell me where you've put him and I will get him."
John 20:16 Jesus said to her, "Mary." She turned around, and said to him, "Teacher."
John 20:17 Jesus said to her, "Don't touch me, because I haven't gone up to my Father yet. But go to my brothers and tell them, 'I am going up to my Father and your Father, and to my God and your God.'"
John 20:18 Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen God, and that he had spoken these things to her.
John 20:19 On that evening, which was the first day of the week, the disciples were together with the doors closed because they were afraid of the Jewish leaders. Then, Jesus came and stood among them and said, "Peace be with you."
John 20:20 After saying this, he showed them his hands and side. The disciples were happy when they saw God.
John 20:21 Jesus said to them again, "Peace to you. Just as my Father sent me, I send you."
John 20:22 After he said this, he breathed on them and said, "Receive the Holy Spirit."
John 20:23 If you forgive anyone's sins, they are forgiven; if you do not forgive them, they are not forgiven.
John 20:24 Thomas, who was one of the twelve disciples and also called Didymus, wasn't there when Jesus appeared.
John 20:25 The other followers told him, "We have seen God." But he replied, "Unless I see the nail marks in his hands, put my finger where the nails were, and place my hand in his side, I won't believe."
John 20:26 Eight days later, Jesus's followers were inside again, and Thomas was with them. Even though the doors were locked, Jesus came and stood among them and said, "Peace to you."
John 20:27 He said to Thomas, "Put your finger here and look at my hands. Put your hand into my side. Stop doubting and believe."
John 20:28 Thomas replied to him, "My Lord and my God."
John 20:29 Jesus said to him, "Thomas, because you have seen me, you believe. Happy are those who have not seen and still believe."
John 20:30 Jesus did many other miracles in front of his disciples that are not recorded in this book.
John 20:31 These are written so you may believe that Jesus is the Christ, God's Son, and by believing, you may have life in his name.
