Ephesians 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Ephesians/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ephesians 1:1 Paul, sent by God to be an apostle of Jesus Christ, writes to God's holy people in Ephesus and to all who are faithful to Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 1:2 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 1:3 God is great, the God and Father of Jesus Christ, who has given us every spiritual gift in heaven through Christ.
Ephesians 1:4 God chose us in him before the world was made, so that we would be holy and without fault before him in love.
Ephesians 1:5 God planned for us to be his children through Jesus Christ, as he wanted.
Ephesians 1:6 To honor the greatness of his kindness, he made us welcomed through his love.
Ephesians 1:7 In him, we are set free by his blood, our sins forgiven, because of his great kindness.
Ephesians 1:8 He has given us a lot of wisdom and understanding.
Ephesians 1:9 God revealed to us the secret of what he wants to do, which he decided by himself because it made him happy.
Ephesians 1:10 In the time when everything is complete, he plans to unite all things in Christ, both in heaven and on earth, in him.
Ephesians 1:11 In him, we also received an inheritance, because we were chosen as part of his plan who makes all things happen according to his own will.
Ephesians 1:12 We are meant to bring praise to his glory because we were the first to hope in Christ.
Ephesians 1:13 In whom you also trusted, after you heard the true word, the good news of your salvation: in whom also after you believed, you were marked with the promised Holy Spirit.
Ephesians 1:14 It is the deposit guaranteeing our inheritance until God redeems what was bought, to the praise of his glory.
Ephesians 1:15 Because I too, when I heard about your belief in Jesus and your love for all of God's people,
Ephesians 1:16 I always give thanks for you and remember you in my prayers.
Ephesians 1:17 May the God of Jesus Christ, the glorious Father, give you a spirit of wisdom and understanding to know him better.
Ephesians 1:18 May your mind's eye be opened, so you can understand the hope God calls you to, and how great his glorious inheritance is among the holy people.
Ephesians 1:19 God's power for us who believe is very great, just like the mighty strength he has shown.
Ephesians 1:20 God showed this power in Christ when he raised him from the dead and placed him at his right side in heaven.
Ephesians 1:21 High above all rulers, authorities, strength, and lords, and every name known, not only in this world but also in the future one:
Ephesians 1:22 God has placed everything under his control and made him the leader of everything for the church.
Ephesians 1:23 This is his body, which is the complete presence of the one who fills everything completely.
