Ephesians 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Ephesians/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ephesians 3:1 Because of this, I Paul, imprisoned for serving Jesus Christ, am writing to you non-Jews.
Ephesians 3:2 If you know about the special role God's kindness has given me for your benefit:
Ephesians 3:3 He revealed the secret to me; as I briefly wrote before.
Ephesians 3:4 When you read this, you can understand my insight into the secret of Christ.
Ephesians 3:5 In other times, this was not shown to people as it has now been made clear to his special messengers and prophets by the Spirit.
Ephesians 3:6 That non-Jewish people should also inherit, belong to the same group, and share in God's promise through Christ by the good news.
Ephesians 3:7 I became a servant because God gave me this gift by his power at work within me.
Ephesians 3:8 God gave me, the least of all God's people, the grace to tell the non-Jews about the endless wealth that comes from Christ.
Ephesians 3:9 To help everyone understand the shared secret that has been hidden in God since the world started, the God who made everything through Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 3:10 The purpose is for the rulers and authorities in the heavens to learn about God’s many-sided wisdom through the church.
Ephesians 3:11 God made an everlasting plan which he fulfilled through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Ephesians 3:12 In him we are brave and can come close with confidence because of his faith.
Ephesians 3:13 I want you not to lose heart because of my struggles for you, which are for your honor.
Ephesians 3:14 For this reason, I kneel before the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 3:15 The whole family in heaven and on earth gets its name from God.
Ephesians 3:16 He asks God, with all His greatness, to make you strong inside by His Spirit.
Ephesians 3:17 May Christ live in your hearts through faith; and may you grow strong in love.
Ephesians 3:18 May understand with all God's people how wide, long, deep, and high it is.
Ephesians 3:19 To understand Christ's love, which is beyond knowledge, so that you may be completely filled with God.
Ephesians 3:20 To the one who can do much more than all we ask or imagine, according to the power working within us,
Ephesians 3:21 May God receive glory in the church through Jesus Christ for all time, forever. Amen.
