Ephesians 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Ephesians/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ephesians 5:1 So be like God, as beloved children.
Ephesians 5:2 Live in love, just as Christ loved us and gave himself for us, as a gift and sacrifice to God that is like a pleasing aroma.
Ephesians 5:3 Avoid sexual immorality, all impurity, or greed; don't even mention these things among you, as is proper for God's holy people.
Ephesians 5:4 Avoid dirty talk, silly words, or jokes that are not appropriate, but instead, give thanks.
Ephesians 5:5 You know that no one who sleeps around, is unclean, or is greedy—which is worshiping wealth—has a place in Christ and God's kingdom.
Ephesians 5:6 Do not let anyone trick you with empty words, because God's anger comes on those who disobey because of these things.
Ephesians 5:7 So do not join in with them.
Ephesians 5:8 You were once in darkness, but now you are in the light with God: live as children of light.
Ephesians 5:9 The Spirit's fruit is goodness, righteousness, and truth.
Ephesians 5:10 Showing what pleases God.
Ephesians 5:11 Do not join in the useless deeds of darkness, but instead correct them.
Ephesians 5:12 It is embarrassing even to talk about the things they do secretly.
Ephesians 5:13 Everything that is shown to be wrong is revealed by the light, because anything that reveals is light.
Ephesians 5:14 So he says, "Wake up, sleeper, get up from the dead, and Christ will shine on you."
Ephesians 5:15 Make sure you live carefully, not like foolish people, but like wise ones.
Ephesians 5:16 Use time wisely, because these are bad days.
Ephesians 5:17 So don't be foolish, but understand what God wants.
Ephesians 5:18 Do not get drunk on wine, which leads to bad behavior; instead, be filled with the Spirit.
Ephesians 5:19 Talk to each other with psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs, sing and make music in your heart to God.
Ephesians 5:20 Always give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 5:21 Respect each other because you respect God.
Ephesians 5:22 Wives, follow your own husbands, just as you do God.
Ephesians 5:23 The husband is the leader of the wife, just as Christ is the leader of the church; and he is the one who saves it.
Ephesians 5:24 So as the church obeys Christ, wives should also obey their husbands in everything.
Ephesians 5:25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the people of the church and gave himself up for them.
Ephesians 5:26 So he could make it holy and clean it by washing it with water and with the word.
Ephesians 5:27 He wanted to make the church glorious for himself, without any spots, wrinkles, or anything like that; it should be holy and perfect.
Ephesians 5:28 Men should love their wives as they love their own bodies. Someone who loves his wife loves himself.
Ephesians 5:29 No one ever hates their own body; instead, they feed and care for it, just like God does for the church.
Ephesians 5:30 We are parts of his body, his flesh, and his bones.
Ephesians 5:31 For this reason, a man will leave his parents and unite with his wife, and they will become one body.
Ephesians 5:32 This is a big mystery, but I am talking about Christ and the church.
Ephesians 5:33 Each of you should love your wife as yourself, and every wife should respect her husband.
