Ephesians 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Ephesians/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ephesians 6:1 Kids, listen to your parents because it is the right thing to do.
Ephesians 6:2 Respect your father and mother; this is the first commandment that comes with a promise.
Ephesians 6:3 So things go well for you, and you may live a long time on the earth.
Ephesians 6:4 Parents, do not make your children angry, but raise them with care and teach them the ways of God.
Ephesians 6:5 Workers, obey your earthly bosses with respect and sincerity, as if you were serving Christ.
Ephesians 6:6 Do your work not just when being watched, to impress people, but as followers of Christ, do what God wants from the heart.
Ephesians 6:7 Serve with a good attitude, as if working for God, not people.
Ephesians 6:8 Understanding that whatever good thing someone does, they will get the same from God, whether they are a slave or free.
Ephesians 6:9 Bosses, treat your workers well and don't threaten them, knowing that you both have the same Master in heaven, and He treats everyone equally.
Ephesians 6:10 Friends, be strong in God and in His mighty power.
Ephesians 6:11 Wear all of God's armor so you can stand against the devil's tricks.
Ephesians 6:12 We are not fighting against people, but against authorities, against forces, against world leaders of darkness, and against evil spirits in heavenly places.
Ephesians 6:13 So, put on all of God's armor to be strong against evil, and after you have done everything, to keep standing.
Ephesians 6:14 So stand firm, with truth like a belt around your waist, and wearing righteousness as a chest armor.
Ephesians 6:15 Wear on your feet what will help you spread the good news of peace.
Ephesians 6:16 Above all, use the shield of belief to stop all the burning arrows of the evil one.
Ephesians 6:17 Wear the helmet of being saved, and use the sword of the Spirit, which is God's message.
Ephesians 6:18 Always pray with all kinds of prayers and requests in the Spirit, and stay alert with all perseverance and requests for all God's people.
Ephesians 6:19 Please help me speak boldly and clearly to explain the gospel's secret.
Ephesians 6:20 I am God's ambassador, even though I am in chains. I pray to speak bravely, as I should.
Ephesians 6:21 So you can know about my situation and how I'm doing, Tychicus, a dear brother and loyal servant, will tell you everything.
Ephesians 6:22 I sent him to you for this reason: so you can know about us and he can cheer you up.
Ephesians 6:23 May the brothers have peace and love with faith from God the Father and Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 6:24 May grace be with everyone who truly loves our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
