Proverbs 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Proverbs/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Proverbs 2:1 My child, if you accept my words and keep my commands with you;
Proverbs 2:2 Listen closely to wisdom, and focus your mind on understanding.
Proverbs 2:3 Yes, if you call out for knowledge and raise your voice for understanding;
Proverbs 2:4 If you seek wisdom like silver and search for it as for hidden treasures;
Proverbs 2:5 Then you will understand what it means to respect God and you will discover God's knowledge.
Proverbs 2:6 God gives wisdom; from His mouth come knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:7 He saves true wisdom for the good people: he protects those who act honestly.
Proverbs 2:8 He protects the paths of fairness and guards the way of his faithful people.
Proverbs 2:9 Then you will understand what is right, fair, and just—every good way.
Proverbs 2:10 When wisdom comes into your heart, and knowledge is pleasing to your soul;
Proverbs 2:11 Wisdom will protect you, and understanding will guard you.
Proverbs 2:12 To save you from the path of the bad man, from the one who says twisted things.
Proverbs 2:13 They leave the right paths to walk in dark ways.
Proverbs 2:14 They enjoy doing wrong and take pleasure in the twisted ways of the wicked.
Proverbs 2:15 Their ways are dishonest, and they are stubborn in their paths.
Proverbs 2:16 To save you from the foreign woman, from the outsider who seduces with her words;
Proverbs 2:17 She leaves the companion of her youth and forgets the promise of her God.
Proverbs 2:18 Her house leads to death, and her paths go to the dead.
Proverbs 2:19 Everyone who goes to her does not come back, nor do they find the way to life.
Proverbs 2:20 So you can follow the path of good people and stay on the way of those who do right.
Proverbs 2:21 Good people will live in the land, and the blameless will stay in it.
Proverbs 2:22 The evil people will be removed from the earth, and those who break the rules will be completely taken out of it.
