Proverbs 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Proverbs/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Proverbs 3:1 My son, don't forget my teachings; keep my commands in your heart.
Proverbs 3:2 They will add to you many days, a long life, and peace.
Proverbs 3:3 Do not let kindness and honesty leave you; tie them around your neck and write them on your heart.
Proverbs 3:4 You will find favor and good understanding with both God and people.
Proverbs 3:5 Trust God with all your heart; do not rely on your own understanding.
Proverbs 3:6 In everything you do, recognize God, and he will guide your paths.
Proverbs 3:7 Don't think you know everything; respect God, and stay away from bad things.
Proverbs 3:8 It will be good for your body and strength for your bones.
Proverbs 3:9 Honor God with your possessions and with the first part of everything you earn.
Proverbs 3:10 Your storerooms will be filled with lots of food, and your vats will overflow with new wine.
Proverbs 3:11 My son, do not hate God's discipline; do not get tired of his correction.
Proverbs 3:12 God corrects those he loves, just as a father corrects the son he enjoys.
Proverbs 3:13 The person who finds wisdom and gains understanding is happy.
Proverbs 3:14 Its goods are better than silver, and its profits better than gold.
Proverbs 3:15 She is more valuable than rubies; nothing you want can compare to her.
Proverbs 3:16 She offers a long life with her right hand; with her left hand, she brings wealth and respect.
Proverbs 3:17 Her ways are nice, and all her paths bring peace.
Proverbs 3:18 She is like a life-giving tree to those who hold on to her; and everyone who keeps her is happy.
Proverbs 3:19 God used wisdom to create the earth and with understanding set up the heavens.
Proverbs 3:20 With his knowledge, the deep places are split open, and the clouds release the dew.
Proverbs 3:21 My son, always keep wisdom and good judgement in sight.
Proverbs 3:22 They will bring life to you and charm to how you carry yourself.
Proverbs 3:23 You will walk safely on your path, and you will not trip.
Proverbs 3:24 When you lie down, you will not be scared; you will rest, and your sleep will be peaceful.
Proverbs 3:25 Do not be scared of sudden fear, or the destruction of the wicked, when it happens.
Proverbs 3:26 God will be your trust, and will protect you from getting caught in a trap.
Proverbs 3:27 Don't hold back good from those who deserve it when you can do it.
Proverbs 3:28 Don't tell your neighbor, "Go away and come back later, I'll give it to you tomorrow," when you have it with you now.
Proverbs 3:29 Do not plan to harm your neighbor, who lives trustingly near you.
Proverbs 3:30 Do not argue with someone for no reason if they have not harmed you.
Proverbs 3:31 Do not envy the bully, and do not follow any of his ways.
Proverbs 3:32 God hates deceitful people but shares secrets with the good.
Proverbs 3:33 God's curse is on the wicked's house, but he blesses the home of the righteous.
Proverbs 3:34 God mocks the mockers but gives kindness to the humble.
Proverbs 3:35 Smart people will receive honor, but fools will get disgrace.
