Leviticus 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 1:1 God called to Moses and spoke to him from the tent where people gather, saying,
Leviticus 1:2 Talk to the people of Israel and tell them: If anyone wants to give an offering to God, it should be a farm animal from the herd or flock.
Leviticus 1:3 If he brings a burnt offering from the herd, it must be a flawless male. He must present it by his own choice at the entrance of the meeting tent before God.
Leviticus 1:4 He must place his hand on the head of the burnt offering, and it will be accepted on his behalf to forgive him.
Leviticus 1:5 He must kill the bull before God, and Aaron's sons, the priests, will take the blood and sprinkle it all around the altar near the tent of meeting's entrance.
Leviticus 1:6 He will remove the skin of the burned offering and cut it into pieces.
Leviticus 1:7 Aaron's sons, who are priests, will put fire on the altar and arrange the wood on the fire.
Leviticus 1:8 The priests, who are Aaron's sons, will place the pieces, the head, and the fat on the wood that is burning on the altar.
Leviticus 1:9 He must wash its inner parts and legs with water. Then the priest will burn everything on the altar as a burnt offering, a fire-made offering with a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 1:10 If his sacrifice comes from the flock, from the sheep or goats, for a burnt offering, he must present a male without defects.
Leviticus 1:11 He will kill the offering on the north side of the altar in front of God, and Aaron's sons, the priests, will sprinkle its blood all around on the altar.
Leviticus 1:12 He will cut it into pieces, including the head and the fat, and the priest will arrange them on the wood that is burning on the altar.
Leviticus 1:13 He must wash the insides and legs with water: then the priest must take and burn it all on the altar. It is a burnt offering, a fire-offering, with a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 1:14 If his burnt offering to God is birds, he must bring turtledoves or young pigeons.
Leviticus 1:15 The priest will take it to the altar, remove its head, and burn it on the altar. The blood will be drained at the side of the altar.
Leviticus 1:16 He will remove its stomach and its feathers and throw them near the altar on the east side, at the place for ashes.
Leviticus 1:17 He should split it to its wings, but not cut it completely. The priest will burn it on the altar with wood on the fire. It is a burnt offering, a fire sacrifice, that smells good to God.
