Leviticus 17 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%2017.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 17:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 17:2 Talk to Aaron, his sons, and all the people of Israel, and tell them this is what God has commanded.
Leviticus 17:3 Any person from the house of Israel who kills an ox, lamb, or goat, in the camp or outside of it,
Leviticus 17:4 If someone does not bring their offering to the entrance of the tent where people meet with God to give it to God, he is guilty of taking a life. That person must be excluded from his community.
Leviticus 17:5 So that the Israelites can bring their sacrifices, which they give in the open fields, to God at the entrance of the meeting tent, to the priest, and offer them for peace to God.
Leviticus 17:6 The priest will sprinkle the blood on God's altar at the tabernacle entrance and burn the fat as a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 17:7 They will no longer give their sacrifices to demons they chased after. This will be a permanent rule for them for all time.
Leviticus 17:8 Tell them, "Any Israelite or foreigner staying with you who presents a burnt offering or sacrifice,
Leviticus 17:9 If someone doesn't bring their offering to the entrance of the meeting tent to present it to God, that person must be separated from their people.
Leviticus 17:10 Any person from Israel or any foreigner living with you who eats any kind of blood, I will be against them and remove them from their people.
Leviticus 17:11 Life comes from the blood, and I've given it to you on the altar to forgive your sins because blood brings forgiveness.
Leviticus 17:12 So I told the Israelites, none of you may eat blood, nor may any outsider living with you eat blood.
Leviticus 17:13 Any person from Israel or foreigners living with you who hunts and catches an animal or bird that can be eaten must pour out its blood and cover it with dirt.
Leviticus 17:14 The blood is the life of every creature; it is their lifeblood. So I told the people of Israel not to eat the blood of any creature because the life of every creature is its blood. Anyone who eats it must be removed from the community.
Leviticus 17:15 Anyone who eats an animal that died on its own or was killed by other animals, whether they are from your country or a foreigner, must wash their clothes and bathe with water. They will be unclean until the evening; then they will be clean.
Leviticus 17:16 If he doesn't wash them or bathe his body, he must bear his guilt.
