Leviticus 19 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%2019.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 19:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 19:2 Tell all the people of Israel, "You must be holy because I, your God, am holy."
Leviticus 19:3 Everyone must respect their mother and father and follow my Sabbaths: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:4 Do not turn to idols or make metal gods for yourselves. I am your God.
Leviticus 19:5 If you bring a peace offering to God, you should do it because you want to.
Leviticus 19:6 Eat it on the day you offer it and the next day. If any is left on the third day, burn it in the fire.
Leviticus 19:7 If it's eaten on the third day, it is disgusting and won't be accepted.
Leviticus 19:8 Everyone who eats it will be guilty because they have dishonored what is holy to God: that person will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 19:9 When you harvest your land, do not completely harvest the corners of your field, nor collect the leftover crops.
Leviticus 19:10 Do not pick your vineyard clean or collect every grape; leave some for the poor and foreigners: I am God your God.
Leviticus 19:11 Do not steal, be dishonest, or lie to each other.
Leviticus 19:12 Do not make false promises using my name, and do not disrespect your God's name: I am God.
Leviticus 19:13 Do not cheat your neighbor or steal from him; do not keep a worker's pay overnight until morning.
Leviticus 19:14 Do not insult the deaf or put obstacles in the way of the blind but respect your God: I am God.
Leviticus 19:15 Do not be unfair in judgment: do not favor the poor or be in awe of the rich; but judge your neighbor fairly.
Leviticus 19:16 Do not spread rumors among your people or take part in harming your neighbor; I am God.
Leviticus 19:17 You must not hate your brother in your heart. You must definitely correct your neighbor and not let him continue in sin.
Leviticus 19:18 Do not take revenge or hold a grudge against your own people, but love your neighbor as yourself: I am God.
Leviticus 19:19 Follow my rules. Do not breed your animals with different kinds. Do not plant different kinds of seeds together in your field. And do not wear clothes made of both linen and wool mixed together.
Leviticus 19:20 If a man sleeps with a woman who is a slave promised to another man but she has not been bought or given her freedom, she should be punished, but they should not be killed because she was not free.
Leviticus 19:21 He must bring his guilt offering to God, to the entrance of the meeting tent, a ram as a guilt offering.
Leviticus 19:22 The priest will use the ram for the guilt offering to make up for his sin before God, and he will be forgiven for the sin he committed.
Leviticus 19:23 When you enter the land and plant various food trees, consider their fruit as forbidden for three years; do not eat it.
Leviticus 19:24 In the fourth year, all the fruit will be special to honor God.
Leviticus 19:25 In the fifth year, you can eat its fruit so it will give you more: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:26 Do not eat anything with blood in it; do not practice magic or tell fortunes.
Leviticus 19:27 Do not cut the hair on the sides of your head or trim the edges of your beard.
Leviticus 19:28 Do not cut your body for the dead or put tattoos on yourselves: I am God.
Leviticus 19:29 Do not make your daughter have sex for money, so she won't become a prostitute; otherwise, the country will turn to prostitution, and be filled with evil.
Leviticus 19:30 You must keep my Sabbaths and respect my holy place: I am God.
Leviticus 19:31 Do not pay attention to those with spirits, or look for wizards, so you don't become unclean by them: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:32 Stand up in respect for the elderly and show honor to the aged. Fear your God. I am the Lord.
Leviticus 19:33 If a foreigner lives with you in your land, do not upset him.
Leviticus 19:34 The foreigner living with you should be treated like a native-born among you, and you must love them as you love yourself; remember, you were once foreigners in Egypt. I am your God.
Leviticus 19:35 You must not be unfair when you judge, measure, weigh, or calculate amounts.
Leviticus 19:36 Use fair scales, fair weights, a fair ephah, and a fair hin: I am God who took you out of Egypt.
Leviticus 19:37 So you must follow all my rules and decisions and act on them: I am God.
