Leviticus 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 2:1 When someone wants to give a grain offering to God, it must be of fine flour; they are to pour oil on it and add frankincense.
Leviticus 2:2 He must take it to the priests, Aaron's sons. He must scoop out a handful of the flour and oil, along with all the frankincense. The priest will then burn this portion on the altar as a fire offering, a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 2:3 Aaron and his sons will get the rest of the grain offering; it is a very holy part of the offerings to God made with fire.
Leviticus 2:4 If you offer a grain gift cooked in an oven, it should be flatbreads without yeast made from fine flour mixed with oil, or thin crackers without yeast spread with oil.
Leviticus 2:5 If your offering is a grain baked in a pan, it should be made of pure flour without yeast, mixed with oil.
Leviticus 2:6 You will cut it into pieces and pour oil on it: it is a food offering.
Leviticus 2:7 If your gift is a grain offering cooked in a pan, make it with fine flour and oil.
Leviticus 2:8 Bring the grain offering made from these things to God. When you give it to the priest, he will take it to the altar.
Leviticus 2:9 The priest will take a part of the grain offering to remember it, and burn it on the altar. It is a fire offering, a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 2:10 Aaron and his sons can have what's left of the grain offering; it is very holy and comes from the offerings made to God by fire.
Leviticus 2:11 Do not use yeast when you make any food offering for God. You must not burn any yeast or honey in a fire offering to God.
Leviticus 2:12 For the offering of the first crops, give them to God, but do not burn them on the altar as a pleasing aroma.
Leviticus 2:13 In all grain offerings you make, you must use salt. Do not forget to add the salt that represents your agreement with God. Include salt with all your offerings.
Leviticus 2:14 If you bring a grain offering of your first crops to God, you must present roasted green heads of grain as the grain offering from your first crops.
Leviticus 2:15 Put oil on it and place frankincense on top: it is a food offering.
Leviticus 2:16 The priest will burn some of the crushed grain and some of the oil, along with all the incense, as a reminder. This is a fire offering to God.
