Leviticus 27 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%2027.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 27:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 27:2 Tell the people of Israel, when someone makes a special promise, the person promised to God must be valued by your standards.
Leviticus 27:3 Your value for a man between twenty and sixty years old shall be fifty silver shekels, using the sanctuary's shekel.
Leviticus 27:4 If it is a female, your value will be thirty shekels.
Leviticus 27:5 If the person is between five and twenty years old, the value is twenty shekels for a male and ten shekels for a female.
Leviticus 27:6 If it is from one month to five years old, then your value for a boy will be five silver coins, and for a girl it will be three silver coins.
Leviticus 27:7 If someone is 60 years old or older, a man’s value is 15 shekels, and a woman's is 10 shekels.
Leviticus 27:8 If he cannot afford your estimate, he shall stand before the priest, who will set a price based on what he can afford.
Leviticus 27:9 If it's an animal that people offer to God, everything that anyone gives like this to God is special.
Leviticus 27:10 He must not replace or exchange a good animal for a bad one, or a bad one for a good one. If he does exchange one animal for another, both the animal and its replacement will be holy.
Leviticus 27:11 If there is any impure animal that they do not sacrifice to God, then they must bring the animal to the priest.
Leviticus 27:12 The priest will decide its worth, good or bad, and however you, the priest, value it, that is what it will be.
Leviticus 27:13 If he wants to buy it back, he must add one-fifth to your valuation.
Leviticus 27:14 When someone dedicates their house to God, the priest will decide its value, good or bad, and that value will be final.
Leviticus 27:15 If the person who dedicated his house wants to buy it back, he must add one-fifth of the valued price to it, and it will be his.
Leviticus 27:16 If someone dedicates part of their own field to God, its value will be based on how much seed it takes to plant it: a homer of barley seed will be worth fifty silver coins.
Leviticus 27:17 If he sets apart his field from the jubilee year, it will be valued as you estimate.
Leviticus 27:18 If he makes his field holy after the Jubilee, the priest will calculate the cost based on the remaining years until the next Jubilee, and the price will be reduced from your original estimate.
Leviticus 27:19 If the person who made the field holy wants to buy it back, they must add one-fifth to the estimated price and then it will belong to them again.
Leviticus 27:20 If he won't buy back the field, or if he has sold it to someone else, it can't be bought back again.
Leviticus 27:21 But when the field is set free in the Jubilee, it must be holy for God, like a field given to God; the priest will own it.
Leviticus 27:22 If a person dedicates to God a field they have bought, which is not part of their own land,
Leviticus 27:23 Then the priest will calculate the value of your price until the Year of Jubilee, and on that day, you must pay your price as a sacred gift to God.
Leviticus 27:24 In the jubilee year, the field will go back to the person who originally owned it, the one who sold it.
Leviticus 27:25 All your valuations must be based on the sanctuary shekel, which is twenty gerahs.
Leviticus 27:26 The firstborn of animals, which belong to God, no one can set apart, whether it is an ox or sheep; it belongs to God.
Leviticus 27:27 If it is an impure animal, then one must buy it back at your valued price plus a fifth of that amount; if it is not bought back, then it must be sold at your valued price.
Leviticus 27:28 Even so, nothing that a person dedicates to God from everything they own, whether it's a person, an animal, or land, can be sold or bought back; everything dedicated is very sacred to God.
Leviticus 27:29 No one who is set apart for destruction can be bought back; they must be put to death.
Leviticus 27:30 All the tenth part of the land's produce, from crops or trees, belongs to God; it is sacred to God.
Leviticus 27:31 If someone wants to buy back any of their tithe, they must add a fifth of its value to it.
Leviticus 27:32 About the tenth part of the herd or flock, any that passes under the shepherd's rod, every tenth animal is holy and is for God.
Leviticus 27:33 He will not check if it is good or bad, nor will he replace it: and if he does replace it, then both the original and the replacement will be sacred; they cannot be bought back.
Leviticus 27:34 Here are the rules that God gave to Moses for the people of Israel on Mount Sinai.
