Leviticus 4 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%204.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 4:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 4:2 Tell the people of Israel, if anyone sins by mistake by breaking any of God's rules about things they should not do, and disobeys any of these rules:
Leviticus 4:3 If the anointed priest sins like the people do, then he must bring a young, perfect bull to God as a sin offering for his sin.
Leviticus 4:4 He must bring the bull to the entrance of the meeting tent in front of God; then he must put his hand on the bull's head and kill it in front of God.
Leviticus 4:5 The priest who is chosen will take some of the bull's blood and bring it to the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:6 The priest will dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times before God, in front of the sanctuary's curtain.
Leviticus 4:7 The priest will put some blood on the horns of the incense altar before God, in the meeting tent; and will pour out all the bull's blood at the base of the burnt offering altar, by the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:8 He must remove all the fat from the bull for the sin offering; the fat covering the insides, and all the fat on the insides.
Leviticus 4:9 Take out both kidneys and the fat on them near the flanks, and the fat above the liver with the kidneys.
Leviticus 4:10 The priest took it from the bull used for the peace offering and will burn it on the altar for burnt offerings.
Leviticus 4:11 Take the cow's skin, all its meat, head, legs, insides, and waste.
Leviticus 4:12 Take the entire bull outside the camp to a clean area where ashes are dumped and burn it on wood with fire; burn it where ashes are dumped.
Leviticus 4:13 If the whole community of Israel sins without knowing it, and they do something they should not do against God's commands without realizing it, they are still guilty.
Leviticus 4:14 When the sin they committed becomes known, the people must offer a young bull for the sin and bring it to the tent where they meet.
Leviticus 4:15 The leaders of the people will put their hands on the bull's head before God, and the bull will be killed before God.
Leviticus 4:16 The priest who has been anointed will take some of the bull's blood to the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:17 The priest will dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times in front of God, near the curtain.
Leviticus 4:18 He will put some of the blood on the altar's horns in front of God, in the tent where people meet, and pour all the blood at the base of the altar for burnt offerings, near the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:19 He must take all the fat from the animal and burn it on the altar.
Leviticus 4:20 He must treat this bull just like the sin offering bull; the priest will make atonement for them, and they will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:21 He shall take the bull outside the camp and burn it as he did the first bull: it is a sin offering for the people.
Leviticus 4:22 When a leader sins and unknowingly breaks any of God's commands about things that should not be done, and is guilty;
Leviticus 4:23 If he realizes his sin, he must bring a perfect male goat as his offering.
Leviticus 4:24 He must put his hand on the goat's head and kill it where they sacrifice burnt offerings to God; it is an offering for sin.
Leviticus 4:25 The priest will take some blood from the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the corners of the altar for burnt sacrifices, and then pour the rest of the blood at the base of the altar for burnt sacrifices.
Leviticus 4:26 He must burn all the fat on the altar, just like the fat from peace offerings. The priest will then perform a ritual for his sin, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:27 If someone ordinary sins by mistake, doing something against God's commands that should not be done, that person is guilty.
Leviticus 4:28 If he realizes his sin, he must bring a perfect female goat as an offering for his sin.
Leviticus 4:29 He must put his hand on the sin offering's head and kill it where they kill the burnt offerings.
Leviticus 4:30 The priest will take some of its blood with his finger and put it on the altar's horns, and then pour out all the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:31 He must remove all the fat just like the fat is removed from the peace offering; the priest will burn it on the altar to please God; the priest will perform a cleansing for him, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:32 If he offers a lamb as a sin sacrifice, he must bring a perfect female.
Leviticus 4:33 He must put his hand on the sin offering's head and kill it where they sacrifice the burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:34 The priest will take some blood from the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the corners of the altar for burnt sacrifices, and then pour out all the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:35 He will remove all the fat like the fat removed from the peace offering lamb; the priest will burn it on the altar as a fire offering to God. The priest will perform a ritual to forgive his sin, and he will be forgiven.
