Leviticus 9 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Leviticus/Chapter%209.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Leviticus 9:1 On the eighth day, Moses called Aaron, his sons, and Israel's elders.
Leviticus 9:2 He told Aaron, "Take a young calf for a sin offering and a perfect ram for a burnt offering, and present them to God."
Leviticus 9:3 Tell the Israelites to take a young goat for a sin offering, and a calf and a lamb—both one year old and without any defects—for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 9:4 Also a bull and a ram for peace sacrifices, to offer to God; and a food offering mixed with oil: because today God will appear to you.
Leviticus 9:5 They brought what Moses ordered to the tent of meeting, and everyone came close and stood before God.
Leviticus 9:6 Moses said, "Do what God has commanded and God's glory will show itself to you."
Leviticus 9:7 Moses told Aaron, "Go to the altar, give your sin offering and your burnt offering to ask for forgiveness for yourself and the people. Also present the people's offering and ask for forgiveness for them, as God commanded."
Leviticus 9:8 Aaron went to the altar and killed the calf for his own sin offering.
Leviticus 9:9 Aaron's sons brought the blood to him, and he touched it with his finger and put it on the altar's horns, and spilled the rest at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 9:10 He burned the fat, the kidneys, and the covering over the liver of the sin offering on the altar, just as God told Moses.
Leviticus 9:11 He burned the meat and the skin with fire outside the camp.
Leviticus 9:12 He killed the burnt offering; Aaron's sons brought him the blood, and he splashed it all around the altar.
Leviticus 9:13 They gave him the burnt offering with its parts and the head, and he burned them on the altar.
Leviticus 9:14 He washed the insides and legs, and burned them with the burnt offering on the altar.
Leviticus 9:15 He presented the offering from the people, took the goat that was for the people's sin offering, killed it, and sacrificed it for sin, first of all.
Leviticus 9:16 He presented the burnt offering and did it the proper way.
Leviticus 9:17 He brought the grain offering, took a handful, and burned it on the altar, next to the morning's burnt offering.
Leviticus 9:18 He also killed the bull and the ram as a peace offering sacrifice for the people; Aaron's sons brought him the blood, and he splashed it on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 9:19 The fat of the ox and the sheep, the back part, everything covering the insides, the kidneys, and the membrane over the liver.
Leviticus 9:20 They placed the fat on the breasts and burned the fat on the altar.
Leviticus 9:21 Aaron waved the chest and the right shoulder as a wave offering before God, just as Moses had instructed.
Leviticus 9:22 Aaron raised his hand to the people, gave them a blessing, and then stepped down after presenting the sin offering, the burnt offering, and the peace offerings.
Leviticus 9:23 Moses and Aaron went into the meeting tent, came out, and blessed the people; then God's glory showed to everyone.
Leviticus 9:24 Fire came from God and burned up the offering and the fat on the altar. When the people saw this, they cheered and fell to the ground with their faces down.
