Acts 19 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Acts/Chapter%2019.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Acts 19:1 While Apollos was in Corinth, Paul traveled through the inland areas and arrived in Ephesus, where he met some disciples.
Acts 19:2 He asked them, "Did you receive the Holy Spirit after you believed?" They replied, "We haven't even heard if there is a Holy Spirit."
Acts 19:3 He asked them, "Then what baptism did you receive?" They replied, "John's baptism."
Acts 19:4 Paul said, John truly baptized with a baptism to show repentance, telling the people to believe in the one coming after him, that is, in Christ Jesus.
Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of Jesus.
Acts 19:6 When Paul put his hands on them, God's Spirit came upon them; they spoke in different languages and gave God's messages.
Acts 19:7 There were about twelve men in total.
Acts 19:8 He went to the meeting place and spoke confidently for three months, discussing and convincing people about God's kingdom.
Acts 19:9 But when some people became stubborn and did not believe, and talked badly about the faith in front of many, he left them, took the believers aside, and discussed with them every day in the school of Tyrannus.
Acts 19:10 This went on for two years, so that everyone living in Asia heard the message of Lord Jesus, including Jews and Greeks.
Acts 19:11 God did amazing miracles through Paul.
Acts 19:12 People took cloths and aprons from his body to the ill, and their sicknesses left them, and the bad spirits came out.
Acts 19:13 Some wandering Jewish people who cast out demons tried to use the name of Jesus that Paul talks about, saying to the evil spirits, "We command you by Jesus to come out."
Acts 19:14 There were seven sons of a Jewish man named Sceva, a high priest, who did the same.
Acts 19:15 The evil spirit spoke back, "I know Jesus and I know Paul; but who are you?"
Acts 19:16 The man with the evil spirit jumped on them, beat them, and was too strong for them, so they ran away from the house naked and hurt.
Acts 19:17 Everyone in Ephesus, both Jews and Greeks, learned about this; they all became afraid, and they praised the name of Jesus greatly.
Acts 19:18 Many who believed came, admitted their actions, and showed what they had done.
Acts 19:19 Many people who practiced magic collected their books and burned them in front of everyone. They added up the value of the books and it was fifty thousand silver coins.
Acts 19:20 God's message spread powerfully and won.
Acts 19:21 After finishing these tasks, Paul decided to travel through Macedonia and Achaia and then go to Jerusalem. He said, "After visiting there, I must go to Rome too."
Acts 19:22 So he sent two helpers, Timothy and Erastus, to Macedonia, while he stayed in Asia for a while.
Acts 19:23 At that time, there was quite a commotion about that way.
Acts 19:24 A man named Demetrius, a silversmith who made silver temples for Diana, earned a lot of money for the craftsmen.
Acts 19:25 He gathered the craftsmen of the same trade and said, "Friends, you know that we earn our living from this skill."
Acts 19:26 You see and hear that not only in Ephesus but also across Asia, this Paul has convinced and led many people away by saying that handmade things are not gods.
Acts 19:27 So, our work is at risk of being ignored; and the temple of the great goddess Diana may be looked down on, and her grandness ruined, which all Asia and the world worships.
Acts 19:28 When they heard this, they became very angry and started shouting, "Diana of the Ephesians is great!"
Acts 19:29 The whole city was confused, and they grabbed Gaius and Aristarchus, Macedonians and Paul's travel friends, and all together they ran to the theater.
Acts 19:30 When Paul wanted to meet with the people, the disciples did not allow him.
Acts 19:31 Some of the Asian leaders who were his friends sent him a message, asking him not to risk going into the theater.
Acts 19:32 So some in the crowd shouted one thing, some another. The group was mixed up, and most didn't know why they had gathered.
Acts 19:33 They pulled Alexander from the crowd, the Jews pushing him to the front. Alexander waved his hand, wanting to explain himself to the people.
Acts 19:34 When they realized he was a Jew, everyone shouted together for about two hours, "Diana of the Ephesians is great!"
Acts 19:35 When the city clerk made the crowd quiet, he said, "People of Ephesus, everyone knows that our city worships the great goddess Diana and the statue that came down from the god Jupiter."
Acts 19:36 Since these facts are undeniable, you should stay calm and not act hastily.
Acts 19:37 You have brought these men here who have not stolen from churches or spoken against your goddess.
Acts 19:38 If Demetrius and the other workers have a complaint against someone, they can go to court, where the officials are: they should argue their case there.
Acts 19:39 If you ask about other issues, a legal meeting will decide them.
Acts 19:40 We are at risk of being questioned about today's chaos, as there is no reason to explain this crowd.
Acts 19:41 After saying this, he sent the people away.
