Acts 21 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Acts/Chapter%2021.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Acts 21:1 After we had left them and set sail, we went straight to Kos, then the next day to Rhodes, and from there to Patara.
Acts 21:2 We found a ship going to Phoenicia, boarded it, and set sail.
Acts 21:3 After we saw Cyprus, we passed it on our left, sailed to Syria, and arrived at Tyre, where the ship was supposed to unload its cargo.
Acts 21:4 We met followers and stayed there seven days. They told Paul by the Spirit not to go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:5 After we finished those days, we left and went on our journey; everyone came with us, including wives and children, until we were outside the city; then we knelt on the beach and prayed.
Acts 21:6 After we said goodbye, we boarded a ship and they went back home.
Acts 21:7 After we sailed from Tyre, we arrived in Ptolemais, greeted the believers, and stayed with them for one day.
Acts 21:8 The next day, we who were with Paul left and went to Caesarea. We went to the home of Philip the evangelist, who was one of the seven, and stayed with him.
Acts 21:9 The man had four daughters who were virgins and could prophesy.
Acts 21:10 While we stayed there for several days, a prophet named Agabus came to us from Judea.
Acts 21:11 When he arrived, he took Paul's belt, tied his own hands and feet, and said, "The Holy Spirit says, 'This is how the Jews in Jerusalem will tie up the man who owns this belt and hand him over to non-Jewish people.'"
Acts 21:12 When we heard this, we and the local people begged him not to go to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:13 Paul replied, "Why are you crying and making me so sad? I am willing to be arrested and even die in Jerusalem for Jesus."
Acts 21:14 When he wouldn't change his mind, we stopped and said, "Let God's will be done."
Acts 21:15 After that time, we packed our belongings and went to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:16 Some disciples from Caesarea went with us, and they brought Mnason from Cyprus, an early follower, to stay with.
Acts 21:17 When we arrived in Jerusalem, the fellow believers welcomed us happily.
Acts 21:18 The next day, Paul went with us to see James, and all the leaders were there.
Acts 21:19 After greeting them, he explained in detail what God had done among the non-Jews through his work.
Acts 21:20 When they heard this, they praised God and said to him, "You see, brother, how many thousands of Jews believe, and they are all very devoted to the law."
Acts 21:21 They have been told that you teach all the Jews living among non-Jews to abandon Moses's teachings by saying they shouldn't circumcise their kids or follow Jewish traditions.
Acts 21:22 So what should we do? A lot of people will gather because they will hear you have come.
Acts 21:23 Do what we tell you: We have four men who have made a promise.
Acts 21:24 Join them, make yourself pure with them, and help pay for their expenses, so they can cut their hair. Then everyone will know that what they heard about you is not true, and that you also live by the law and keep it.
Acts 21:25 Regarding the non-Jewish believers, we have decided they do not have to follow such rules, except they should avoid food given to idols, blood, animals not properly killed, and sexual immorality.
Acts 21:26 Paul went with the men and the following day, they all purified themselves and went into the temple. There, they showed that the days of purification were finished and waited until a sacrifice was made for each of them.
Acts 21:27 When the seven days were almost over, the Asian Jews saw him in the temple, they upset everyone, and grabbed him.
Acts 21:28 Calling out, Men of Israel, help! This is the man who teaches everyone everywhere against our people, the law, and this place. He has also brought Greeks into the temple, making this holy place unclean.
Acts 21:29 They had earlier seen Trophimus from Ephesus with Paul in the city and thought Paul had taken him into the temple.
Acts 21:30 The whole city was stirred up, and the people rushed together. They seized Paul and dragged him out of the temple, and immediately the doors were closed.
Acts 21:31 As they were trying to kill him, news reached the commander of the soldiers that the whole city of Jerusalem was in chaos.
Acts 21:32 He quickly got some soldiers and officers and ran to them. When they saw the commander and the soldiers, they stopped hitting Paul.
Acts 21:33 The commander came close, took him, and ordered him to be tied up with two chains; then he asked who he was and what he had done.
Acts 21:34 Different people in the crowd were shouting different things, and because of the noise, he couldn't understand what was happening, so he ordered the man to be taken into the fort.
Acts 21:35 When he reached the stairs, the soldiers carried him because of the crowd's violence.
Acts 21:36 Many people followed, shouting, "Take him away!"
Acts 21:37 As Paul was about to be taken into the fortress, he asked the commander, "May I talk to you?" The commander replied, "You know Greek?"
Acts 21:38 Aren't you the Egyptian who recently caused a commotion and led four thousand murderers into the desert?
Acts 21:39 But Paul said, "I am a Jewish man from Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, and I am from an important city. Please let me speak to the people."
Acts 21:40 After getting permission, Paul stood on the steps and signaled to the people with his hand. When everyone was quiet, he spoke to them in Hebrew, saying,
