Acts 22 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Acts/Chapter%2022.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Acts 22:1 Friends and fathers, listen to my defense that I am presenting to you now.
Acts 22:2 When they heard he was speaking Hebrew to them, they became even quieter, and he said,
Acts 22:3 I am truly a man who is a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, but raised in this city, taught by Gamaliel in the full way of our ancestors' law, and very devoted to God, just like all of you today.
Acts 22:4 I persecuted followers of this way to death, arresting and jailing both men and women.
Acts 22:5 The high priest and all the leaders can confirm this. They gave me letters for the believers, and I went to Damascus to arrest those there and bring them to Jerusalem to be punished.
Acts 22:6 As I was traveling and getting close to Damascus around midday, suddenly a bright light from the sky shone all around me.
Acts 22:7 I fell to the ground and heard a voice say to me, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?"
Acts 22:8 I asked, "Who are you, God?" And he told me, "I am Jesus of Nazareth, the one you are persecuting."
Acts 22:9 Those with me saw the light and were scared, but they didn't hear the voice that spoke to me.
Acts 22:10 I asked, "What should I do, God?" And God told me, "Get up and go to Damascus, and there you will be told about everything you are meant to do."
Acts 22:11 When the bright light made me blind, those with me guided me by hand into Damascus.
Acts 22:12 A man named Ananias, who was religious and respected the law, was well spoken of by all the Jewish people living there.
Acts 22:13 He came to me, stood by me, and said, "Brother Saul, you can see now!" Right away, I could see him.
Acts 22:14 He said, "The God of our ancestors has picked you to know His will, see the Righteous One, and hear what He says."
Acts 22:15 You will tell everyone what you have seen and heard as his witness.
Acts 22:16 Why are you waiting? Get up, be baptized, and clean away your sins by calling on God's name.
Acts 22:17 When I returned to Jerusalem and was praying in the temple, I fell into a trance.
Acts 22:18 I saw him telling me, "Hurry and leave Jerusalem quickly because they won't accept your testimony about me."
Acts 22:19 I said, God, they know I locked up and hit those in every synagogue who believed in you.
Acts 22:20 When Stephen, who was killed for his faith, bled, I was there too, agreeing to his death and watching over the clothes of those who killed him.
Acts 22:21 He said to me, "Go away, because I will send you far off to the non-Jewish people."
Acts 22:22 They listened to him until he said this, then they shouted, "Get rid of him! He should not be allowed to live."
Acts 22:23 As they shouted, they took off their clothes and threw dust into the air.
Acts 22:24 The commander ordered that he be taken into the fort and told them to find out why people were shouting against him by whipping him.
Acts 22:25 As they tied Paul with straps, he asked the officer standing nearby, "Is it legal for you to whip a Roman citizen who has not been found guilty?"
Acts 22:26 When the officer heard this, he went to the commander and said, "Be careful what you do, because this man is a Roman."
Acts 22:27 The commanding officer approached and asked him, "Are you a Roman citizen?" He answered, "Yes."
Acts 22:28 The commander said, "I paid a lot to become free." Paul replied, "But I was born free."
Acts 22:29 As soon as they realized he was a Roman citizen, those who were about to interrogate him backed off. The commander was also scared because he had tied him up.
Acts 22:30 The next day, wanting to understand exactly why he was accused by the Jews, he released him from his shackles, ordered the high priests and their whole council to meet, took Paul down, and placed him in front of them.
