Acts 26 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Acts/Chapter%2026.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Acts 26:1 Then Agrippa told Paul, "You may now speak for yourself." So Paul reached out his hand and began to explain his side.
Acts 26:2 I am happy, King Agrippa, because today I get to explain to you everything the Jews accuse me of.
Acts 26:3 I know you're skilled in all Jewish customs and issues, so I ask you to listen to me patiently.
Acts 26:4 Since I was young, I have lived in my own country, in Jerusalem, and all the Jews know how I have lived.
Acts 26:5 Those who have known me for a long time would say that I strictly followed our religion's rules as a Pharisee.
Acts 26:6 I am here on trial because of the hope in the promise God made to our ancestors.
Acts 26:7 Our twelve tribes hope to receive what God promised, as they serve God constantly, day and night. For this hope, King Agrippa, I am being accused by the Jews.
Acts 26:8 Why is it hard for you to believe that God can bring the dead back to life?
Acts 26:9 I truly believed that I should do many things against Jesus of Nazareth.
Acts 26:10 I also did this in Jerusalem: I locked up many of God's holy people in prison, with the chief priests' permission; and when they were killed, I was against them.
Acts 26:11 I often punished them in every synagogue and forced them to speak against God; I was very angry with them and chased them even to foreign cities.
Acts 26:12 While I was going to Damascus with the chief priests' permission and orders,
Acts 26:13 At noon, O king, I saw a light from the sky brighter than the sun shining all around me and those traveling with me.
Acts 26:14 When we all fell to the ground, I heard a voice saying to me in Hebrew, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? It's hard for you to fight against what's right."
Acts 26:15 And I asked, "Who are you, God?" And he replied, "I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting."
Acts 26:16 Stand up and stay on your feet. I have shown myself to you to appoint you as a servant and a witness of what you have seen and what I will show you.
Acts 26:17 Saving you from the people and from the non-Jews, to whom I now send you.
Acts 26:18 To make them see, and to change them from darkness to light, and from Satan's control to God, so they can have their sins forgiven and share in the blessings with those made holy by trusting in me.
Acts 26:19 So, King Agrippa, I followed the vision from heaven.
Acts 26:20 God first revealed himself to the people of Damascus, then in Jerusalem, all over Judaea, and to non-Jewish people, telling them to change their ways, turn to God, and do things that show they are sorry for their sins.
Acts 26:21 For these reasons, the Jews grabbed me in the temple and tried to kill me.
Acts 26:22 So, with God's help I am still here today, telling everyone, both important and not, only what the prophets and Moses said would happen.
Acts 26:23 Christ had to suffer, be the first to rise from the dead, and bring light to the people and the non-Jews.
Acts 26:24 As he defended himself, Festus shouted, "Paul, you're out of your mind; your great learning is driving you insane."
Acts 26:25 He replied, "I am not crazy, respected Festus; I am speaking words of truth and seriousness."
Acts 26:26 The king knows about these things, and I can speak openly to him: I am sure he is aware of them, because this was not done secretly.
Acts 26:27 King Agrippa, do you believe the prophets? I know that you believe.
Acts 26:28 Agrippa said to Paul, "You almost convince me to become a Christian."
Acts 26:29 Paul said, "I wish to God that not only you but also everyone listening today could be almost exactly like me, except for being in chains."
Acts 26:30 After he said this, the king stood up, along with the governor and Bernice, and everyone sitting with them.
Acts 26:31 After they left, they said to each other, "This man hasn't done anything to deserve death or imprisonment."
Acts 26:32 Agrippa said to Festus, "This man could have been freed if he had not asked to go to Caesar."
