Acts 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Acts/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Acts 6:1 During that time, as the number of followers grew, the Greek-speaking followers complained against the Hebrew-speaking followers because their widows were not being helped every day.
Acts 6:2 The twelve gathered all the disciples and said, it isn't right for us to stop teaching God's word to help with meals.
Acts 6:3 Brothers, choose seven men from among you who are known to be honest, filled with the Holy Spirit and wise, so we can put them in charge of this task.
Acts 6:4 We will keep praying and serving the message of God.
Acts 6:5 Everyone liked the idea, so they picked Stephen, a man full of faith and the Holy Spirit, Philip, Prochorus, Nicanor, Timon, Parmenas, and Nicolas from Antioch, who had converted to their faith.
Acts 6:6 They presented these men to the apostles, and after praying, the apostles placed their hands on them.
Acts 6:7 God's message spread; the group of followers grew a lot in Jerusalem; and many priests started to follow the faith.
Acts 6:8 Stephen, full of trust and strength, performed amazing deeds and miracles among the people.
Acts 6:9 Some people from the synagogue called the synagogue of the Freedmen, along with Cyrenians, Alexandrians, and those from Cilicia and Asia, started to argue with Stephen.
Acts 6:10 They could not argue against the wisdom and spirit he spoke with.
Acts 6:11 They influenced some people to lie, who said, "We heard him say disrespectful things about Moses and about God."
Acts 6:12 They roused the people, the elders, and the teachers of the law, then they attacked him, seized him, and took him to the council.
Acts 6:13 They found lying witnesses who said, "This man never stops speaking against this holy place and the law."
Acts 6:14 We heard him claim that this Jesus from Nazareth will destroy this place and will alter the traditions that Moses gave us.
Acts 6:15 Everyone in the council stared at him and saw his face shining like an angel's.
