Genesis 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 12:1 God told Abram, "Leave your country, your relatives, and your father's home, and go to a land I will show you."
Genesis 12:2 I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you, and make your name great; and you will be a blessing.
Genesis 12:3 I will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you; through you, all the earth's families will be blessed.
Genesis 12:4 Abram left as God had told him, and Lot went too; Abram was seventy-five years old when he left Haran.
Genesis 12:5 Abram took his wife Sarai, his nephew Lot, everything they owned, and all the people they had in Haran. They set out for Canaan and arrived there.
Genesis 12:6 Abram traveled through the land to Sichem, to the Moreh plain. The Canaanite people were living in the land at that time.
Genesis 12:7 God showed himself to Abram and said, "I will give this land to your children." There Abram built an altar to God who had appeared to him.
Genesis 12:8 He moved from there to a mountain east of Bethel, set up his tent with Bethel to the west and Hai to the east, built an altar to God, and called on God's name.
Genesis 12:9 Abram traveled on, heading south.
Genesis 12:10 There was not enough food in the land, so Abram went to Egypt to stay because the lack of food was very severe in the land.
Genesis 12:11 When he was about to enter Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, "Look, I know you are a beautiful woman.
Genesis 12:12 So when the Egyptians see you, they will say, 'This is his wife,' and they will kill me but let you live.
Genesis 12:13 Please say you are my sister, so that things will go well for me because of you, and my life will be spared thanks to you.
Genesis 12:14 When Abram arrived in Egypt, the Egyptians saw that his wife was very beautiful.
Genesis 12:15 Pharaoh's leaders saw her, praised her to Pharaoh, and she was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 12:16 He treated Abram well because of her, giving him sheep, cows, donkeys, male servants, female servants, female donkeys, and camels.
Genesis 12:17 God punished Pharaoh and his household with severe plagues because of Sarai, Abram's wife.
Genesis 12:18 Pharaoh called Abram and asked, "What have you done to me? Why didn't you tell me she was your wife?"
Genesis 12:19 Why did you say, 'She is my sister'? I could have married her because of that. Now, here is your wife, take her and leave.
Genesis 12:20 The king told his men about him, and they made him leave with his wife and all his belongings.
