Genesis 15 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2015.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 15:1 After these events, God spoke to Abram in a vision, saying, "Do not be afraid, Abram: I am your protector and your very great reward."
Genesis 15:2 Abram said, "God, what will you give me since I have no children, and my house manager is Eliezer from Damascus?"
Genesis 15:3 Abram said, "Look, you have given me no children. So, someone born in my house will inherit everything."
Genesis 15:4 Look, God's message came to him, saying, "This person will not be your heir; but your own future child will be your heir."
Genesis 15:5 He took him outside and said, "Look up at the sky and count the stars if you can." Then he said to him, "That's how many descendants you will have."
Genesis 15:6 He believed in God, and it was credited to him as being right.
Genesis 15:7 He said to him, "I am God who took you from Ur of the Chaldees to give you this land to own it."
Genesis 15:8 He asked, "God, how can I know that I will receive it?"
Genesis 15:9 He said to him, "Bring me a three-year-old cow, a three-year-old female goat, a three-year-old ram, a dove, and a young pigeon."
Genesis 15:10 He took all these animals, split them in half, and put the halves opposite each other, but he did not split the birds.
Genesis 15:11 When birds landed on the dead bodies, Abram scared them off.
Genesis 15:12 As the sun set, Abram fell into a deep sleep and suddenly, a terrifying darkness came over him.
Genesis 15:13 He told Abram, "Be certain that your descendants will live in a foreign land where they are not the owners, and they will serve the people of that land. They will be treated badly for four hundred years."
Genesis 15:14 I will judge the nation they serve, and afterward, they will leave with many possessions.
Genesis 15:15 You will go to your ancestors in peace and be buried when you have lived a long life.
Genesis 15:16 In the fourth generation, they will come back here because the Amorites' wrongdoing is not complete yet.
Genesis 15:17 When the sun set and it was dark, a smoking fire pot and a flaming torch moved between the pieces of the offering.
Genesis 15:18 On that day, God made a promise to Abram, saying, "I have given your descendants this land, from the Egypt river to the big river, the Euphrates river."
Genesis 15:19 The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,
Genesis 15:20 The Hittites, the Perizzites, and the Rephaims,
Genesis 15:21 The Amorites, the Canaanites, the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.
