Genesis 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 16:1 Sarai, Abram's wife, had no children. She had a servant from Egypt named Hagar.
Genesis 16:2 Sarai said to Abram, "Look, God has kept me from having children. Please sleep with my servant; maybe I can have children through her." And Abram listened to what Sarai said.
Genesis 16:3 Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar, her Egyptian maid, after Abram lived ten years in Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.
Genesis 16:4 He slept with Hagar, and she became pregnant. When she realized she was pregnant, she looked down on her mistress.
Genesis 16:5 Sarai said to Abram, "I'm blaming you for this: I let you be with my servant, but now she's pregnant, she looks down on me. Let God decide who's right, me or you."
Genesis 16:6 But Abram told Sarai, "Look, your servant is under your control; do what you think is best." And when Sarai was harsh with her, she ran away.
Genesis 16:7 God's messenger met her by a water spring in the desert, near the spring on the road to Shur.
Genesis 16:8 He asked, "Hagar, Sarai's servant, where did you come from and where are you going?" She answered, "I'm running away from my mistress Sarai."
Genesis 16:9 The angel of God told her, "Go back to your mistress and do as she says."
Genesis 16:10 God's messenger said to her, I will greatly increase your descendants so much that they will be too many to count.
Genesis 16:11 The angel of God told her, "Look, you are going to have a baby boy and you will name him Ishmael; because God has heard about your troubles."
Genesis 16:12 He will be a wild person; he will fight against everyone, and everyone will fight against him; he will live near all his family members.
Genesis 16:13 She named God who spoke to her, "You are the God who sees me," because she thought, "I have seen the One who sees me."
Genesis 16:14 So they named the well "The Well of the Living One Who Sees Me." It is located between Kadesh and Bered.
Genesis 16:15 Hagar gave birth to Abram's son, and Abram named the son she had, Ishmael.
Genesis 16:16 Abram was 86 years old when Hagar gave birth to Ishmael for Abram.
