Genesis 17 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2017.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, God came to Abram and said, "I am Almighty God; walk with me and be blameless."
Genesis 17:2 I will create an agreement between us, and I will greatly increase your numbers.
Genesis 17:3 Abram lay face down, and God spoke to him.
Genesis 17:4 I promise to support you, and you will become the father of many nations.
Genesis 17:5 Your name will no longer be Abram, but Abraham, because I have made you a father of many nations.
Genesis 17:6 I will make you very fruitful, and you will become nations, and kings will come from you.
Genesis 17:7 I will make my promise between me and you and your descendants after you, for all time to come, to be your God and the God of your descendants after you.
Genesis 17:8 I will give you and your descendants the land where you are now just a traveler, all the land of Canaan, to own forever; and I will be their God.
Genesis 17:9 God told Abraham, "You must keep my agreement, you and your descendants for generations to come."
Genesis 17:10 This is my agreement, which you must follow, between me and you and your children after you; Every male among you must be circumcised.
Genesis 17:11 You must cut off the skin of your foreskin as a sign of the agreement between me and you.
Genesis 17:12 Every baby boy who is eight days old must be circumcised, including those born in your family or bought with money from a foreigner—even if they are not your biological children.
Genesis 17:13 Anyone born in your house or bought with your money must be circumcised, and this will be a lasting agreement shown in your body.
Genesis 17:14 If a boy is not circumcised, he will be separated from his people because he has broken my agreement.
Genesis 17:15 God said to Abraham, "Don't call your wife Sarai anymore. Her name is now Sarah."
Genesis 17:16 I will bless her and also give you a son by her. I will truly bless her, and she will become the mother of many nations; kings from many people will come from her.
Genesis 17:17 Abraham fell to the ground, laughed, and thought to himself, "Will a child be born to a man who is a hundred years old? And will Sarah, who is ninety years old, give birth?"
Genesis 17:18 Abraham said to God, "I wish that Ishmael may live under your care!"
Genesis 17:19 God said, "Your wife Sarah will truly have a son for you; and you will name him Isaac. I will make my promise with him as a forever promise, and with his descendants after him."
Genesis 17:20 As for Ishmael, I have listened to you. I have blessed him and will make him very fruitful. He will have many descendants and create twelve rulers, and I will make him into a great nation.
Genesis 17:21 I will make my agreement with Isaac, whom Sarah will give birth to for you at this time next year.
Genesis 17:22 He stopped talking to him, and God left Abraham and went away.
Genesis 17:23 Abraham took his son Ishmael, everyone born in his house, and all the males bought with his money, and on that very day, he circumcised them as God had told him to do.
Genesis 17:24 Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised.
Genesis 17:25 Ishmael was thirteen when he got circumcised.
Genesis 17:26 On that same day, Abraham and his son Ishmael were circumcised.
Genesis 17:27 All the men of his household, those born in his house and those bought with money from foreigners, were circumcised with him.
