Genesis 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 2:1 So the sky and the earth were completed, and everything in them.
Genesis 2:2 On the seventh day, God finished the work he had done; he rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Genesis 2:3 God blessed the seventh day and made it holy, because on that day he rested from all his work of creation.
Genesis 2:4 This lists the times of the sky and the land when they were made, on the day that God created the land and the sky.
Genesis 2:5 Before any plants were in the ground and before any herbs had grown, because God had not sent rain on the earth, and there was no one to work the soil.
Genesis 2:6 A mist rose from the earth and watered all the ground.
Genesis 2:7 God made man from the dirt of the ground, breathed life into his nose, and man became alive.
Genesis 2:8 God made a garden in the east part of Eden; and there he placed the man he had created.
Genesis 2:9 God made every beautiful tree with good fruit grow from the ground, as well as the tree of life in the middle of the garden, and the tree of knowing good and evil.
Genesis 2:10 A river flowed out of Eden to water the garden; from there it split into four smaller rivers.
Genesis 2:11 The first river is called Pison; it flows around the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold.
Genesis 2:12 The gold in that land is good; it has bdellium and onyx stones.
Genesis 2:13 The second river's name is Gihon, which flows around the entire land of Ethiopia.
Genesis 2:14 The third river's name is Hiddekel, which flows to the east of Assyria. The fourth river is the Euphrates.
Genesis 2:15 God took the man and placed him in the Garden of Eden to take care of it and watch over it.
Genesis 2:16 God told the man, "You can eat from any tree in the garden."
Genesis 2:17 Do not eat from the tree that gives knowledge of good and bad, because if you do, you will certainly die.
Genesis 2:18 God said, it's not good for the man to be alone; I will make a suitable helper for him.
Genesis 2:19 From the earth, God made all animals of the land and all birds of the sky; He brought them to Adam to see what he would name them; and whatever Adam named each living thing, that became its name.
Genesis 2:20 Adam named all the animals and birds, but he did not find a suitable helper for himself.
Genesis 2:21 God made Adam fall into a deep sleep, and while he slept, He took one of Adam's ribs and then closed up the place with flesh.
Genesis 2:22 God used the rib taken from the man to make a woman and brought her to the man.
Genesis 2:23 Adam said, "This one is part of my bones and body. She will be called Woman because she came from Man."
Genesis 2:24 A man will leave his father and mother and join his wife, and they will become one body.
Genesis 2:25 The man and his wife were both naked and were not embarrassed.
