Genesis 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 20:1 Abraham traveled from there to the southern lands and lived between Kadesh and Shur, and stayed in Gerar.
Genesis 20:2 Abraham said about his wife Sarah, "She is my sister." So Abimelech, the king of Gerar, sent for and took Sarah.
Genesis 20:3 God came to Abimelech in a dream at night and said, "You are as good as dead because of the woman you have taken; she is already married."
Genesis 20:4 Abimelech had not been with her, and he said, "God, will you also kill a righteous nation?"
Genesis 20:5 Didn't he tell me, 'She is my sister'? And she also said, 'He is my brother.' I did this with a clear heart and clean hands.
Genesis 20:6 God spoke to him in a dream, saying, "Yes, I know you did this with a pure heart. That's why I kept you from sinning against me and did not let you touch her."
Genesis 20:7 Now, give the man back his wife, because he is a prophet. He will pray for you, and you will live. But if you don't return her, know that you will surely die, you and everyone who belongs to you.
Genesis 20:8 So Abimelech got up early in the morning, called all his workers, and spoke about all these things to them; and the men were very scared.
Genesis 20:9 Then Abimelech called Abraham and asked him, "What have you done to us? How have I wronged you, that you have brought a great sin on me and my kingdom? You have done things to me that should not have been done."
Genesis 20:10 Abimelech asked Abraham, "What did you see that made you do this?"
Genesis 20:11 And Abraham said, "I thought, 'This place does not respect God, and they will kill me to take my wife.'"
Genesis 20:12 She really is my sister, my father's daughter but not my mother's, and she became my wife.
Genesis 20:13 When God made me leave my father's home, I told her, "Please be kind to me, and wherever we go, say 'He is my brother.'"
Genesis 20:14 Abimelech gave Abraham sheep, oxen, male servants, and female servants, and returned his wife Sarah to him.
Genesis 20:15 Abimelech said, "Look, my land is in front of you: live wherever you like."
Genesis 20:16 God said to Sarah, "Look, I have given your brother a thousand silver coins. He will protect you in the eyes of everyone with you and everyone else." This was her correction.
Genesis 20:17 Abraham prayed to God, and God healed Abimelech, his wife, and his female servants, so they could have children.
Genesis 20:18 God had made it so no woman in Abimelech's house could have children because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.
