Genesis 23 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2023.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 23:1 Sarah lived to be 127 years old.
Genesis 23:2 Sarah died in Kirjatharba, also called Hebron, in the land of Canaan, and Abraham came to mourn and cry for her.
Genesis 23:3 Abraham got up from near his deceased and said to Heth's sons,
Genesis 23:4 I am a foreigner and traveler among you. Please let me have a place to bury my dead, so I can bury them and not see them anymore.
Genesis 23:5 The Heth people replied to Abraham, saying to him,
Genesis 23:6 Listen to us, sir: you are a respected leader among us. Choose any of our burial places to bury your dead. No one here will refuse you their grave for you to bury your dead.
Genesis 23:7 Abraham stood up and bowed to the local people, including the Heth family members.
Genesis 23:8 He talked with them, saying, "If you agree that I should bury my dead away from me, listen to me and ask Ephron son of Zohar for help."
Genesis 23:9 He should sell me the cave of Machpelah that he owns, located at the edge of his field. I will pay its full price so it can be my burial site among you.
Genesis 23:10 Ephron lived with the Heth people and in front of them, and all who entered his city's gate, Ephron the Hittite replied to Abraham, saying,
Genesis 23:11 No, my lord, listen to me: I give you the field and the cave in it; I give it to you in front of my people's sons; bury your dead.
Genesis 23:12 Abraham bowed down to the local people.
Genesis 23:13 He spoke to Ephron with the people of the land listening, saying, "But if you will give it, please listen to me: I will pay you money for the field. Accept it from me, so I can bury my dead there."
Genesis 23:14 Ephron replied to Abraham, saying to him,
Genesis 23:15 Sir, please listen to me: the land costs four hundred silver coins; what difference does that make between us? Go ahead and bury your dead.
Genesis 23:16 Abraham listened to Ephron and paid him the 400 silver coins he had mentioned in front of the Heth's sons, which was the usual money used in trade.
Genesis 23:17 Ephron's field in Machpelah, near Mamre, including the field, the cave in it, and all the trees around its edges, was secured.
Genesis 23:18 To Abraham as his own land, seen by the Heth people, in front of everyone at his city gate.
Genesis 23:19 After this, Abraham buried his wife Sarah in the cave at Machpelah field near Mamre, which is Hebron in Canaan.
Genesis 23:20 The field and the cave in it were guaranteed to Abraham as a burial place by the Heth sons.
