Genesis 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 3:1 The snake was smarter than all the wild animals God made. It said to the woman, "Really, did God say you can't eat from any tree in the garden?"
Genesis 3:2 The woman told the snake, "We can eat the fruit from the trees in the garden."
Genesis 3:3 God has said you must not eat the fruit from the tree in the middle of the garden, and you must not touch it, or you will die.
Genesis 3:4 The snake said to the woman, "You will not really die."
Genesis 3:5 God knows that when you eat it, your eyes will open, and you will be like gods, understanding what is good and what is bad.
Genesis 3:6 When the woman saw the tree had good fruit, looked nice, and could make one smart, she took some fruit and ate it. She also gave some to her husband who was with her, and he ate it.
Genesis 3:7 Both of their eyes were opened, and they realized they were naked; so they stitched fig leaves together to make coverings for themselves.
Genesis 3:8 They heard God's voice in the garden when the day was cool, and Adam and his wife hid from God among the garden's trees.
Genesis 3:9 God called to Adam and asked, "Where are you?"
Genesis 3:10 He said, "I heard your voice in the garden, and I was scared because I was naked, so I hid."
Genesis 3:11 He asked, "Who told you that you were naked? Did you eat from the tree I told you not to eat from?"
Genesis 3:12 The man said, "The woman you put here with me, she gave me fruit from the tree, and I ate it."
Genesis 3:13 God asked the woman, "What have you done?" The woman answered, "The snake tricked me, and I ate."
Genesis 3:14 God said to the snake, "Because you did this, you are cursed more than all animals, and more than any creature of the field. You will crawl on your belly and eat dust all the days of your life."
Genesis 3:15 I will cause hostility between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers. It will crush your head, and you will strike its heel.
Genesis 3:16 God said to the woman, "I will greatly increase your sadness and your pregnancies; with pain you will give birth to children; you will want your husband, and he will have authority over you."
Genesis 3:17 God said to Adam, "Because you listened to your wife and ate from the tree I told you not to eat from, the ground is cursed because of you. You will have to work hard and suffer all your life to get food from it.
Genesis 3:18 It will also grow thorns and thistles for you; and you will eat the plants of the field.
Genesis 3:19 You will work hard to get food until you die and return to the ground, because you were made from dust, and you will return to dust.
Genesis 3:20 Adam named his wife Eve because she was the mother of all who are alive.
Genesis 3:21 God made clothes from animal skins for Adam and his wife, and dressed them.
Genesis 3:22 God said, "Look, the man has become like one of us in knowing good and evil. Now, so that he does not reach out his hand and take also from the tree of life, eat, and live forever:
Genesis 3:23 So God sent him out of the Garden of Eden to work the soil from which he was made.
Genesis 3:24 God sent the man away and put Cherubim to the east of the Eden garden, with a flaming sword that moved in all directions, to guard the path to the tree of life.
