Genesis 32 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2032.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 32:1 Jacob continued his journey, and God's angels met him.
Genesis 32:2 When Jacob saw them, he said, "This is God's group," and he named that place Mahanaim.
Genesis 32:3 Jacob sent messengers ahead of him to his brother Esau in Seir, the region of Edom.
Genesis 32:4 He told them, "Say this to my lord Esau: 'Your servant Jacob says, "I have lived with Laban and have remained there till now."'
Genesis 32:5 I have oxen, donkeys, sheep, male servants, and female servants. I've sent this message to tell you, hoping to win your favor.
Genesis 32:6 The messengers came back to Jacob and said, "We went to your brother Esau. He is coming to meet you and he has four hundred men with him."
Genesis 32:7 Jacob was very scared and worried, so he split the people with him, the sheep, cattle, and camels into two groups.
Genesis 32:8 He said, "If Esau attacks one group, the other group that is left can escape."
Genesis 32:9 Jacob said, "O God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac, God who told me to go back to my country and my family, and you will be good to me."
Genesis 32:10 I am not worthy of even the smallest kindnesses or truths you have shown to me, your servant; I crossed the Jordan River with only my stick, and now I have two groups.
Genesis 32:11 Please save me from my brother Esau. I am afraid he will attack me, along with the mothers and their children.
Genesis 32:12 You said, I will surely be good to you, and make your descendants as many as the sand of the sea, too many to count.
Genesis 32:13 He stayed there that night and chose some gifts from what he had for his brother Esau.
Genesis 32:14 Two hundred female goats, twenty male goats, two hundred female sheep, and twenty male sheep.
Genesis 32:15 Thirty nursing camels with their babies, forty cows, ten bulls, twenty female donkeys, and ten young donkeys.
Genesis 32:16 He gave the herds to his workers, each herd separate; and told them, "Go ahead of me and leave space between each herd."
Genesis 32:17 He instructed the lead group, "When you meet my brother Esau and he asks, 'Who do you belong to? Where are you going? Who owns all these animals ahead of you?'"
Genesis 32:18 Then you will say, "They belong to your servant Jacob; they are a gift for my lord Esau, and look, he is also coming behind us."
Genesis 32:19 He also told the second, the third, and all who followed with the herds, "This is how you should talk to Esau when you meet him."
Genesis 32:20 Also say, Look, your servant Jacob is coming after us. He thought, I can make peace with him by sending gifts ahead, and then I can meet him; maybe he will forgive me.
Genesis 32:21 The gift went ahead of him, and he spent that night in the camp.
Genesis 32:22 He got up that night, took his two wives, his two female servants, and his eleven sons, and crossed over the Jabbok river crossing.
Genesis 32:23 He took them and helped them cross the stream, then sent over everything he owned.
Genesis 32:24 Jacob was alone, and a man wrestled with him until dawn.
Genesis 32:25 When he saw he could not win against him, he touched the inside of his thigh; and Jacob's thigh was dislocated while he wrestled with him.
Genesis 32:26 He said, "Let me go, for it's almost morning." But he replied, "I won't let you go unless you bless me."
Genesis 32:27 He asked him, "What is your name?" He answered, "Jacob."
Genesis 32:28 He said, "Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel, because you have struggled with God and with people and have overcome."
Genesis 32:29 Jacob asked him, "Please tell me your name." He replied, "Why do you want to know my name?" And he blessed Jacob there.
Genesis 32:30 Jacob named the place Peniel because he saw God face to face and his life was saved.
Genesis 32:31 As he walked past Penuel, the sun came up, and he limped because of his thigh.
Genesis 32:32 So the Israelites do not eat the tendon attached to the hip socket to this day, because God touched the hip socket of Jacob at the tendon that shrank.
