Genesis 33 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2033.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 33:1 Jacob looked and saw Esau coming with four hundred men. He split the children between Leah, Rachel, and the two servant women.
Genesis 33:2 He placed the servant women and their kids first, then Leah and her kids in the middle, and Rachel and Joseph last.
Genesis 33:3 He went ahead of them, bowed down to the ground seven times as he approached his brother.
Genesis 33:4 Esau ran to meet him, hugged him, cried on his shoulder, and kissed him; and they both cried.
Genesis 33:5 He looked up, saw the women and children, and asked, "Who are these with you?" He answered, "These are the children God has kindly given to me, your servant."
Genesis 33:6 The female servants and their children approached and bowed down.
Genesis 33:7 Leah and her children approached and bowed down. Then Joseph and Rachel came close and they also bowed down.
Genesis 33:8 He asked, "What's the purpose of all the animals I met?" And he replied, "They are to gain favor in your eyes."
Genesis 33:9 Esau said, "I have enough, my brother; keep what you have for yourself."
Genesis 33:10 Jacob said, "Please, if I have found favor with you, accept my gift from me. Seeing you is like seeing the face of God since you have accepted me."
Genesis 33:11 Please accept my gift to you; God has been good to me, and I have all I need. He insisted, and the other person accepted it.
Genesis 33:12 He said, "Let's start our trip, let's go, and I will lead you."
Genesis 33:13 He said to him, "You know the children are delicate, and the animals with young are with me. If anyone drives them too hard, even for one day, they will all die."
Genesis 33:14 Please, let my lord go ahead of his servant, and I will follow slowly at the pace of the cattle and children until I meet my lord in Seir.
Genesis 33:15 Esau said, "Can I leave some of my people with you?" But he answered, "Why do that? I just want to be on good terms with you."
Genesis 33:16 So Esau went back to Seir that day.
Genesis 33:17 Jacob traveled to Succoth, built a house for himself, and made shelters for his animals; that's why the place is named Succoth.
Genesis 33:18 Jacob arrived at Shalem, a city near Shechem in Canaan, after traveling from Padanaram and set up his tent outside the city.
Genesis 33:19 He bought a piece of land where he had pitched his tent from Hamor's descendants, the father of Shechem, for a hundred coins.
Genesis 33:20 He built an altar there and named it God of Israel.
