Genesis 39 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%2039.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 39:1 Joseph was taken to Egypt; Potiphar, an Egyptian officer of Pharaoh and captain of the guard, bought him from the Ishmaelites who had brought him there.
Genesis 39:2 God was with Joseph, and he succeeded in everything; he lived in his Egyptian master's house.
Genesis 39:3 His master noticed that God was with him and that God made everything he did successful.
Genesis 39:4 Joseph won his favor and worked for him. He put him in charge of his house and everything he owned was given to him to look after.
Genesis 39:5 From the time he became the manager of the house and everything in it, God blessed the Egyptian's home because of Joseph; everything he owned, both in the home and in the fields, was blessed by God.
Genesis 39:6 He trusted Joseph with everything he had and didn't worry about anything except the food he ate. Joseph was handsome and well-liked.
Genesis 39:7 After some time, his master's wife noticed Joseph and said, "Sleep with me."
Genesis 39:8 But he refused and told his master's wife, "Look, my master doesn't know what I have in the house, and he has entrusted everything he owns to me."
Genesis 39:9 No one in this house is greater than me; he has kept nothing from me except you, because you are his wife. How can I then do such a terrible wrong and sin against God?
Genesis 39:10 As she talked to Joseph every day, he did not listen to her or agree to sleep with her or spend time with her.
Genesis 39:11 Around that time, Joseph entered the house to do his work, and none of the men of the house were inside.
Genesis 39:12 She grabbed his clothes and said, "Sleep with me," but he left his clothes in her hand and ran away.
Genesis 39:13 When she saw he had left his clothes with her and ran away,
Genesis 39:14 She called to the men of her house and said to them, "Look, he has brought a Hebrew here to make fun of us. He came to me to sleep with me, but I screamed loudly."
Genesis 39:15 When he heard me raise my voice and cry out, he left his clothes with me and ran away.
Genesis 39:16 She kept his clothing with her until her husband came home.
Genesis 39:17 She said to him, "The Hebrew servant you brought here came to make fun of me."
Genesis 39:18 As I raised my voice and screamed, he left his clothes with me and ran away.
Genesis 39:19 When his master heard what his wife said, "This is how your servant treated me," he became very angry.
Genesis 39:20 Joseph's boss arrested him and put him in the jail where the king's prisoners were kept, and he stayed in the jail.
Genesis 39:21 God was with Joseph, showed him kindness, and made the prison guard like him.
Genesis 39:22 The prison guard put Joseph in charge of all the prisoners; whatever was done there, Joseph did it.
Genesis 39:23 The prison guard did not worry about anything in his care; because God was with Joseph, and God made everything Joseph did successful.
