Genesis 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Genesis/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 6:1 When people started to increase in number on the earth and they had daughters,
Genesis 6:2 God's sons noticed that human women were beautiful, so they married any they wanted.
Genesis 6:3 God said, "My spirit will not always argue with humans because they are mortal; their lifespan will be 120 years."
Genesis 6:4 There were giants on the earth long ago; and even later, when God's sons married human women, and they had children, those children grew up to be strong and famous old-time heroes.
Genesis 6:5 God saw that people were very wicked on earth, and all the thoughts in their hearts were always only evil.
Genesis 6:6 God regretted making humans on the earth, and he felt deeply sad.
Genesis 6:7 God said, I will wipe out humans whom I made from the earth; along with animals, creatures that crawl, and birds of the sky; because I regret that I made them.
Genesis 6:8 Noah found favor with God.
Genesis 6:9 These are Noah's family records: Noah was a fair and blameless man among his people, and he lived close to God.
Genesis 6:10 Noah had three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:11 The world was also bad in God's eyes, and it was full of violence.
Genesis 6:12 God saw the earth, and it was spoiled; all living things had ruined their ways on the earth.
Genesis 6:13 God told Noah, "All living things are about to end because of me; the earth is full of violence because of them; and I will destroy them along with the earth."
Genesis 6:14 Build an ark with gopher wood; make rooms inside, and cover it inside and outside with tar.
Genesis 6:15 Make the boat like this: It should be 300 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high.
Genesis 6:16 Make a window for the ark, and finish it to a cubit from the top; put the door of the ark in its side, and make it with lower, second, and third decks.
Genesis 6:17 Look, I will send a flood to cover the earth and destroy every living thing that breathes; everything on earth will die.
Genesis 6:18 I will make my promise to you; you, your sons, your wife, and your sons' wives will go into the boat with you.
Genesis 6:19 Take two of every kind of living creature, one male and one female, onto the ark to keep them alive with you.
Genesis 6:20 Different kinds of birds, farm animals, and every kind of creature that crawls on the ground will come to you two by two to keep them alive.
Genesis 6:21 Take for yourself every kind of food people eat; collect it, and it will be food for you and for them.
Genesis 6:22 Noah did everything God told him to do.
