Revelation 22 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Revelation/Chapter%2022.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Revelation 22:1 He showed me a clear river of life-giving water, as bright as crystal, flowing from God's throne and the Lamb's.
Revelation 22:2 In the middle of the city's main street and on both sides of the river stood the tree of life. It produced twelve kinds of fruit, giving fresh fruit each month. The tree's leaves were used to heal the nations.
Revelation 22:3 There will be no more curses; God and the Lamb's throne will be there, and his servants will serve him.
Revelation 22:4 They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads.
Revelation 22:5 There will be no night there; they won't need a candle or sunlight because God will give them light, and they will rule forever and ever.
Revelation 22:6 He told me, "These words are trustworthy and true. God of the holy prophets sent his angel to show his servants what must soon happen."
Revelation 22:7 Look, I am coming soon: happy is the one who follows the teachings of this book's prophecy.
Revelation 22:8 I, John, saw and heard these things. After I heard and saw them, I fell down to worship at the feet of the angel who showed them to me.
Revelation 22:9 He said to me, "Don't do that. I'm a servant like you and your fellow prophets and all who follow this book's teachings. Worship God."
Revelation 22:10 He said to me, "Do not seal up the words of the prophecy of this book, because the time is near."
Revelation 22:11 Let those who are unfair continue to be unfair, those who are dirty continue to be dirty, those who are right continue to be right, and those who are holy continue to be holy.
Revelation 22:12 Look, I am coming soon, and I bring my reward with me, to give to each one according to what they have done.
Revelation 22:13 I am the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Revelation 22:14 Happy are those who follow his instructions, so they can have access to the tree of life and enter the city through its gates.
Revelation 22:15 Outside are dogs, magicians, sexually immoral people, killers, idol worshippers, and anyone who loves and makes lies.
Revelation 22:16 I, Jesus, sent my angel to tell you these things in the churches. I am the source and descendant of David, and the bright morning star.
Revelation 22:17 The Spirit and the bride say, "Come." Anyone who hears this should say, "Come." Anyone who is thirsty may come. Anyone who wants to can take the water of life for free.
Revelation 22:18 I tell everyone who hears this book's prophecy: If anyone adds anything to it, God will give them the plagues described in this book.
Revelation 22:19 If anyone takes away from the words of this prophecy, God will remove their share from the book of life, the holy city, and what is written in this book.
Revelation 22:20 The one who tells us these things says, "Yes, I will come soon." Amen. Come, Jesus.
Revelation 22:21 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with everyone. Amen.
