Revelation 4 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Revelation/Chapter%204.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Revelation 4:1 After this, I saw that a door in heaven was open: and the first sound I heard was like a trumpet speaking to me; it said, "Come up here, and I will show you what must happen after this."
Revelation 4:2 Right away I was in the spirit, and I saw a throne in heaven with someone sitting on it.
Revelation 4:3 The person sitting there looked like he was made of jasper and carnelian stones, and there was a rainbow encircling the throne, which appeared like an emerald.
Revelation 4:4 Around the throne were twenty-four chairs, and on the chairs I saw twenty-four elders sitting, dressed in white clothes, with gold crowns on their heads.
Revelation 4:5 From the throne came flashes of lightning, rumblings, and sounds; and seven flaming lamps were burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God.
Revelation 4:6 In front of the throne, there was a clear glass sea like crystal. Around and at the center of the throne, there were four creatures covered with eyes in front and back.
Revelation 4:7 The first creature looked like a lion, the second one like a young cow, the third had a face like a person, and the fourth was like a flying eagle.
Revelation 4:8 Each of the four creatures had six wings and was covered with eyes inside. They never stop, day or night, saying, "Holy, holy, holy, God Almighty, who was, and is, and is coming."
Revelation 4:9 When those creatures give praise, respect, and thanks to the one on the throne, who lives forever and ever,
Revelation 4:10 The twenty-four elders kneel before the one on the throne and worship the one who lives forever, and they throw their crowns in front of the throne, saying.
Revelation 4:11 You are worthy, God, to get glory, honor, and power because you created everything, and they were made for your pleasure.
