Revelation 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Revelation/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Revelation 5:1 I saw in the right hand of the one sitting on the throne a book written inside and on the back, sealed with seven seals.
Revelation 5:2 I saw a powerful angel calling out loudly, "Who is good enough to open the book and break its seals?"
Revelation 5:3 No one in heaven, on earth, or under the earth could open the book or even look inside it.
Revelation 5:4 I cried a lot because no one was worthy to open and read the book, or even to look at it.
Revelation 5:5 One of the elders said to me, "Don't cry: see, the Lion from the Judah tribe, the Root of David, has succeeded in opening the book and breaking its seven seals."
Revelation 5:6 I saw that in the center of the throne and the four creatures, and among the elders, there was a Lamb that looked as if it had been killed. It had seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent out into the whole world.
Revelation 5:7 He came and took the scroll from the right hand of the one sitting on the throne.
Revelation 5:8 When he took the scroll, the four creatures and the twenty-four elders bowed down before the Lamb. Each one had a harp and gold bowls filled with fragrances, which are the prayers of God's people.
Revelation 5:9 They sang a new song, saying, "You are worthy to take the book, and to open its seals: because you were killed, and have bought us for God with your blood, from every family, language, people, and country."
Revelation 5:10 You have made us kings and priests to serve our God, and we will rule over the earth.
Revelation 5:11 I saw and heard many angels around the throne, the creatures, and the elders. There were millions and millions of them.
Revelation 5:12 Shouting loudly, the Lamb who was killed is worthy to get power, wealth, wisdom, strength, honor, glory, and praise.
Revelation 5:13 Every creature in heaven, on earth, under the earth, in the sea, and everything in them, I heard saying, "Blessing, honor, glory, and power be to the one on the throne, and to the Lamb forever and ever."
Revelation 5:14 The four creatures said, "Amen." The twenty-four elders fell down and worshiped the one who lives forever and ever.
