Deuteronomy 11 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2011.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 11:1 So you must love God, follow his instructions, laws, decisions, and commands always.
Deuteronomy 11:2 Understand today: I am not talking to your children who have not known or seen how God disciplines, his greatness, his powerful hand, and his extended arm.
Deuteronomy 11:3 God's miracles and what he did in Egypt before Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and his whole country;
Deuteronomy 11:4 God did to Egypt's army, their horses, and their chariots; how He made the Red Sea's water flood over them as they chased you, and how God has destroyed them up to today;
Deuteronomy 11:5 And what he did for you in the desert until you arrived here;
Deuteronomy 11:6 And what happened to Dathan and Abiram, Eliab's sons from the Reuben tribe: how the ground opened up and swallowed them, their families, their tents, and all their belongings in front of all Israel.
Deuteronomy 11:7 But your eyes have seen all the great things God did.
Deuteronomy 11:8 So you must obey all the rules I give you today, so that you can be strong and take over the land you are going to live in.
Deuteronomy 11:9 So that you may live longer in the land, which God promised to your ancestors to give to them and their children, a land filled with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 11:10 The land you are going to make your own is not like Egypt, where you came from. There you planted your seeds and used your feet to water them, like a herb garden.
Deuteronomy 11:11 The land where you are going to take over has hills and valleys and gets its water from the rain that comes from the sky.
Deuteronomy 11:12 A land that God takes care of: God's eyes are always on it, from the start of the year to the end of the year.
Deuteronomy 11:13 If you carefully listen to my commands that I give you today, to love God and serve Him with all your heart and soul, it will happen.
Deuteronomy 11:14 I will send rain to your land at the right time, both early and late rains, so you can collect your grain, wine, and oil.
Deuteronomy 11:15 I will make grass grow in your fields for your cattle so you can eat and be satisfied.
Deuteronomy 11:16 Be careful, don't let your heart be fooled, and don't turn away to serve other gods and bow down to them.
Deuteronomy 11:17 If you make God angry, He might close the sky so it won't rain, and the ground won't grow food, and you might quickly die in the good land God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 11:18 Keep these words of mine in your heart and soul, tie them on your hand as a reminder, and let them be like a band on your forehead.
Deuteronomy 11:19 Teach your children these things. Talk about them at home, when you travel, when you go to bed, and when you get up.
Deuteronomy 11:20 Write them on the door frames of your house and on your gates.
Deuteronomy 11:21 May your life and your children's lives be long in the land that God promised to your ancestors, like endless days in heaven on earth.
Deuteronomy 11:22 If you carefully follow all these commands I give you, to do them, to love God, to walk in all his ways, and to hold fast to him;
Deuteronomy 11:23 God will force all these nations to leave before you, and you will take over greater and stronger nations than you.
Deuteronomy 11:24 Every place where you step will belong to you: from the desert and Lebanon, from the Euphrates River to the farthest sea will be your border.
Deuteronomy 11:25 No one will be able to resist you: for God will make everyone fear and dread you wherever you go, just as he has promised you.
Deuteronomy 11:26 Look, today I give you a choice between a blessing and a curse.
Deuteronomy 11:27 You will be blessed if you follow the commands of God that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 11:28 And a curse if you do not follow God's commandments, but turn away from the path I tell you today, to follow different gods, which you do not know.
Deuteronomy 11:29 When God brings you to the land you will take over, you should speak the blessings on Mount Gerizim and the curses on Mount Ebal.
Deuteronomy 11:30 Aren't they across the Jordan River, along the path where the sun sets, in the Canaanites' land, near Gilgal and next to the Moreh fields?
Deuteronomy 11:31 You will cross the Jordan River to take over the land that God gives you, and you will own it and live there.
Deuteronomy 11:32 Obey all the rules and decisions I am giving you today.
