Deuteronomy 14 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2014.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 14:1 You are God's children: do not cut yourselves or shave the front of your head for the dead.
Deuteronomy 14:2 You are a special people to God, and God has chosen you to be his own unique people, above all the nations on the earth.
Deuteronomy 14:3 Do not eat anything disgusting.
Deuteronomy 14:4 You may eat these animals: the ox, the sheep, and the goat.
Deuteronomy 14:5 The deer, the gazelle, the fallow deer, the wild goat, the antelope, the wild ox, and the mountain goat.
Deuteronomy 14:6 You may eat any animal that has split hooves divided into two parts and that chews the cud.
Deuteronomy 14:7 But you must not eat these animals that chew the cud or have split hooves: camels, rabbits, and hyraxes. They chew the cud but don't have split hooves, so they are unclean for you.
Deuteronomy 14:8 Pigs are unclean for you because they have split hooves but don't chew the cud. You must not eat their meat or touch their dead bodies.
Deuteronomy 14:9 You may eat all from the water that have fins and scales.
Deuteronomy 14:10 You must not eat anything that does not have fins and scales; it is not clean for you.
Deuteronomy 14:11 You can eat all clean birds.
Deuteronomy 14:12 But these are the birds you must not eat: the eagle, the vulture, and the hawk.
Deuteronomy 14:13 And the gliding bird, the kite, and every kind of vulture.
Deuteronomy 14:14 Each type of raven,
Deuteronomy 14:15 The owl, the nighthawk, the cuckoo, and different kinds of hawks,
Deuteronomy 14:16 The small owl, the big owl, and the swan,
Deuteronomy 14:17 The pelican, the vulture, and the cormorant,
Deuteronomy 14:18 The stork, the heron and its kinds, the lapwing, and the bat.
Deuteronomy 14:19 Every crawling creature that flies is impure to you; do not eat them.
Deuteronomy 14:20 You can eat all clean birds.
Deuteronomy 14:21 Do not eat any animal that dies on its own. You can give it to the foreigners living in your town, so they can eat it, or you can sell it to someone from another country. You are a special people to God. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk.
Deuteronomy 14:22 You must give one tenth of all your crops' yearly growth as an offering.
Deuteronomy 14:23 You will eat before God in the place he chooses for his name, the tenth part of your grain, wine, and oil, and the firstborn of your cattle and sheep; so you can learn to always respect God.
Deuteronomy 14:24 If the journey is too long for you and you can't carry your offerings, or if the place God chooses for his name is too far, where God has blessed you:
Deuteronomy 14:25 Then you will change it to money, hold the money in your hand, and go to the place that God chooses.
Deuteronomy 14:26 Use that money to buy whatever you want: cattle, sheep, wine, or any drink you desire. Then eat there in the presence of God and celebrate with your household.
Deuteronomy 14:27 Do not neglect the Levite living in your towns, for they have no share or inheritance of their own among you.
Deuteronomy 14:28 After three years, you must take one-tenth of your crops from that year and store it in your town.
Deuteronomy 14:29 The Levite, who has no share or property with you, and the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow living in your towns may come, eat, and have enough, so that God may bless you in everything you do.
