Deuteronomy 18 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2018.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 18:1 The Levite priests and the whole Levi tribe won't have any property or share with Israel. They will eat the food given to God by fire and his share.
Deuteronomy 18:2 So they will not receive land among their brothers; God is their share, as he told them.
Deuteronomy 18:3 The priest should get this from the people who give a sacrifice, whether it's a cow or sheep: they must give the priest the shoulder, both cheeks, and the stomach.
Deuteronomy 18:4 Give the first of your grain, wine, oil, and the first wool from your sheep to him.
Deuteronomy 18:5 God has chosen him from all your tribes to serve in God's name, him and his sons forever.
Deuteronomy 18:6 If a Levite arrives from any of your towns throughout Israel where he has been staying, and he comes with all his heart's desire to the location God has chosen;
Deuteronomy 18:7 He will serve in God's name, like his fellow Levite priests who serve before God.
Deuteronomy 18:8 They will have equal shares to eat, in addition to what comes from selling their family inheritance.
Deuteronomy 18:9 When you go into the land that God is giving you, do not learn to do the terrible things that those nations do.
Deuteronomy 18:10 No one among you should make their son or daughter go through fire, use magic, tell the future, cast spells, or be a witch.
Deuteronomy 18:11 A person who charms, talks to spirits, practices magic, or communicates with the dead.
Deuteronomy 18:12 Everyone who does these things is hated by God, and because of these hateful acts, God pushes them away from you.
Deuteronomy 18:13 You should be without fault with God.
Deuteronomy 18:14 The countries you will take over listened to fortune-tellers and diviners, but God has not allowed you to do that.
Deuteronomy 18:15 God will send a Prophet from among your own people, like me; you should listen to him.
Deuteronomy 18:16 Just as you asked God at Horeb on the gathering day, saying, "I don't want to hear God's voice again, nor see this big fire, so that I won't die."
Deuteronomy 18:17 God told me, "They have said good things."
Deuteronomy 18:18 I will bring up a Prophet from among their brothers, like you, and will put my words in his mouth; he will tell them everything I command him.
Deuteronomy 18:19 If anyone doesn't listen to my words that he speaks in my name, I will hold them accountable.
Deuteronomy 18:20 But the prophet who dares to say something in my name that I didn't tell him to say, or speaks in the name of other gods, will die.
Deuteronomy 18:21 If you think, "How can we tell what words God hasn't spoken?"
Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet claims to speak for God, if what they say doesn't happen, it is not a message from God. The prophet spoke arrogantly. You should not fear them.
