Deuteronomy 22 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2022.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 22:1 If you see your brother's ox or sheep lost, do not ignore them: you must return them to your brother.
Deuteronomy 22:2 If your brother is not close by or you don't know him, then take it to your house. Keep it until he looks for it, then give it back to him.
Deuteronomy 22:3 Treat your neighbor's donkey the same way; do the same with their clothes, and with anything they've lost that you find. You must not pretend you did not see it.
Deuteronomy 22:4 Do not ignore your neighbor's donkey or ox if they fall on the road; help your neighbor to get them back on their feet.
Deuteronomy 22:5 A woman should not wear men’s clothes, and a man should not wear women’s clothes; everyone who does this is doing something God hates.
Deuteronomy 22:6 If you find a bird's nest in a tree or on the ground with chicks or eggs and the mother is with the chicks or eggs, you must not take the mother with the young.
Deuteronomy 22:7 You must definitely let the mother bird go and only take the young birds for yourself; this will lead to your well-being and you will live a longer life.
Deuteronomy 22:8 When you build a new house, make a safety rail for your roof, so no one falls off and causes death, making you responsible.
Deuteronomy 22:9 Do not plant different kinds of seeds in your vineyard: if you do, the crops you have planted and your vineyard's fruits will be ruined.
Deuteronomy 22:10 Do not use an ox and a donkey together for plowing.
Deuteronomy 22:11 Do not wear clothes made of both wool and linen together.
Deuteronomy 22:12 Make tassels on the four corners of the clothes you wear.
Deuteronomy 22:13 If a man marries a woman, is intimate with her, and then dislikes her,
Deuteronomy 22:14 Talk against her, say she has a bad reputation, and claim, "I married this woman, but when I went to her, I discovered she was not a virgin."
Deuteronomy 22:15 Then the girl's father and mother must show proof of her virginity to the city leaders at the gate.
Deuteronomy 22:16 The girl's father will tell the leaders, "I gave my daughter to this man to be his wife, and he hates her."
Deuteronomy 22:17 Look, he claims your daughter was not a virgin, but here is proof of her virginity. They will show this cloth to the city elders.
Deuteronomy 22:18 The leaders of the city will take that man and punish him.
Deuteronomy 22:19 They must fine him one hundred silver coins, give them to the girl's father, because he gave her a bad reputation in Israel: and she must become his wife; he can't divorce her as long as he lives.
Deuteronomy 22:20 If this is true and the girl's proof of virginity is not there:
Deuteronomy 22:21 They will take the girl to the entrance of her father's home, and the men of her town will stone her to death. This is because she did a disgraceful thing in Israel by being sexually immoral in her father's house. This way, you will remove the evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 22:22 If a man is caught sleeping with a married woman, both of them must die, the man and the woman, to remove evil from Israel.
Deuteronomy 22:23 If an engaged woman who is a virgin is found in the city by a man, and he sleeps with her;
Deuteronomy 22:24 Take both of them to the city gate and throw stones at them until they die. The woman because she did not scream for help in the city, and the man because he slept with another man's wife. This way, you will get rid of the evil among you.
Deuteronomy 22:25 If a man meets an engaged woman in the field, forces her, and sleeps with her, only the man who slept with her must die.
Deuteronomy 22:26 Do nothing to the girl; she has committed no sin deserving death. It's like when someone attacks and kills their neighbor; this case is the same.
Deuteronomy 22:27 He found her in the field, the engaged girl screamed, and no one was there to save her.
Deuteronomy 22:28 If a man meets a young woman who is a virgin not promised in marriage, and he seizes her and sleeps with her, and they are discovered;
Deuteronomy 22:29 The man who slept with her must pay the woman's father fifty silver coins, and she will become his wife. Since he dishonored her, he cannot divorce her as long as he lives.
Deuteronomy 22:30 A man must not marry his father's wife or have relations with her.
