Deuteronomy 27 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2027.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 27:1 Moses and the leaders of Israel told the people, "Follow all the rules I give you today."
Deuteronomy 27:2 On the day you cross the Jordan into the land God is giving you, you must set up large stones and cover them with plaster.
Deuteronomy 27:3 Write all the words of this law on them when you cross over, so you can enter the land that God gives you, a land flowing with milk and honey, just as the God of your ancestors promised you.
Deuteronomy 27:4 So when you cross the Jordan River, set up these stones I tell you about today on Mount Ebal and cover them with plaster.
Deuteronomy 27:5 There you will make an altar for God using stones. Do not use any iron tools on the stones.
Deuteronomy 27:6 Make God's altar with unbroken stones, and offer burnt sacrifices to God on it.
Deuteronomy 27:7 Give peace offerings, eat them there, and be happy before God.
Deuteronomy 27:8 You should write all the words of this law clearly on the stones.
Deuteronomy 27:9 Moses and the Levite priests spoke to all Israel, saying, "Pay attention and listen, Israel; today you have become the people of God."
Deuteronomy 27:10 You must listen to God's voice and do what he commands, including his rules that I tell you today.
Deuteronomy 27:11 On that day, Moses gave the people these instructions:
Deuteronomy 27:12 These will stand on Mount Gerizim to bless the people when you have crossed the Jordan: Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Joseph, and Benjamin.
Deuteronomy 27:13 These will stand on Mount Ebal to pronounce curses: Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali.
Deuteronomy 27:14 The Levites will speak out and say to all the Israelite men in a loud voice,
Deuteronomy 27:15 May the person who makes any carved or metal idol, which God hates, made by an artist, and hides it, be cursed. And all the people will agree and say, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:16 May the one who disrespects his father or mother be cursed. And all the people shall agree, saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:17 May the person who moves his neighbor's property marker be cursed. All the people shall agree by saying, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:18 May the person who leads the blind astray be cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:19 May the one who twists the justice due to foreigners, orphans, and widows be cursed. And let all the people say, "So be it."
Deuteronomy 27:20 May the person who sleeps with his father's wife be cursed, for he shames his father. And all the people will agree by saying, Amen.
Deuteronomy 27:21 A person who sleeps with an animal is cursed. Everyone must agree to this by saying "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:22 Let the person who sleeps with his half-sister or stepsister be cursed, and everyone will agree by saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:23 May the person who sleeps with his mother-in-law be cursed. And everyone will agree, saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:24 Someone who secretly hurts their neighbor is cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:25 May the person who takes money to kill an innocent be cursed. And everyone will agree.
Deuteronomy 27:26 Let the person who does not follow all the rules of these laws be cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Amen."
