Deuteronomy 29 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2029.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 29:1 These are the words of the agreement that God told Moses to create with the people of Israel in Moab, in addition to the agreement he made with them at Horeb.
Deuteronomy 29:2 Moses spoke to all Israel, saying, "You have seen everything God did in Egypt to Pharaoh, his officials, and his land right before your eyes."
Deuteronomy 29:3 The big tests you saw, the signs, and amazing wonders.
Deuteronomy 29:4 But God has not given you a mind to understand, or eyes to see, or ears to hear, until today.
Deuteronomy 29:5 I have guided you for forty years in the desert: your clothes have not worn out, and your shoes have not worn out on your feet.
Deuteronomy 29:6 You haven't eaten bread or drunk wine or strong alcohol so that you may know that I am God.
Deuteronomy 29:7 When you arrived here, King Sihon of Heshbon and King Og of Bashan fought against us, and we defeated them.
Deuteronomy 29:8 We took their land and gave it as an inheritance to the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 29:9 So, keep and follow the words of this agreement, so you can succeed in everything you do.
Deuteronomy 29:10 Today, all of you are standing before God; your leaders, your elders, and your officials, along with every man from Israel.
Deuteronomy 29:11 Your children, your wives, and any outsiders living among you, from those who cut your wood to those who draw your water:
Deuteronomy 29:12 You should agree to a commitment with God, and to His promise, which God makes with you today.
Deuteronomy 29:13 So that today he may make you his own people, and be your God, just as he promised you, and as he pledged to your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Deuteronomy 29:14 I am making this promise and agreement not just with you.
Deuteronomy 29:15 But with everyone here today in front of God, and with those who are not here with us today.
Deuteronomy 29:16 You know how we lived in Egypt and how we traveled through the countries you went by.
Deuteronomy 29:17 You have seen their disgusting idols, made of wood, stone, silver, and gold, that were with them.
Deuteronomy 29:18 Make sure no one among you—man, woman, family, or group—turns away from God today to worship the gods of other lands. Make sure there's no one among you that grows bitter and poisonous like a harmful plant.
Deuteronomy 29:19 When he hears the words of this curse, he might tell himself he will be okay, even though he follows his own stubborn desires, leading to more and more wrong.
Deuteronomy 29:20 God will not forgive him, but then God's anger and jealousy will burn against that man, and all the curses written in this book will fall on him, and God will erase his name from under heaven.
Deuteronomy 29:21 God will set him apart for harm from all the tribes of Israel, following all the curses of the agreement written in this book of the law.
Deuteronomy 29:22 So that future generations of your children and newcomers from distant lands will ask, when they see the disasters and diseases that God has brought on the land;
Deuteronomy 29:23 The whole land is full of sulfur, salt, and ash, nothing can be planted, nothing grows, and no grass sprouts, just like when God destroyed Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim in his anger and fury.
Deuteronomy 29:24 All nations will ask, "Why has God acted this way towards this land? What does this fierce anger mean?"
Deuteronomy 29:25 People will say, "It's because they left the agreement with God that their ancestors had, which he made with them when he took them out of Egypt."
Deuteronomy 29:26 They left and served different gods, and bowed to them, gods they didn't know, and that God hadn't given to them.
Deuteronomy 29:27 God became very angry with this land and decided to bring all the curses written in this book upon it.
Deuteronomy 29:28 In anger, wrath, and deep displeasure, God removed them from their land and threw them into another land, where they are to this day.
Deuteronomy 29:29 Hidden things are for God, but what is shown is for us and our kids forever, so we can follow all of this law.
