Deuteronomy 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 3:1 We turned and traveled to Bashan. King Og of Bashan and his people came to fight us at Edrei.
Deuteronomy 3:2 God told me, "Don't be afraid of him, because I will give you victory over him, his people, and his land. You will deal with him as you dealt with Sihon, the king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon."
Deuteronomy 3:3 God gave us victory over Og, the king of Bashan, and his people. We defeated them so that no one was left.
Deuteronomy 3:4 We captured all his cities then; we took every single one of them—60 cities in the area of Argob, in Og's kingdom of Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:5 All these cities had high walls, gates, and bars around them, and there were also many towns without walls.
Deuteronomy 3:6 We completely destroyed them, just as we did to Sihon, king of Heshbon, destroying every man, woman, and child in every city.
Deuteronomy 3:7 We took all the animals and the goods from the cities for ourselves.
Deuteronomy 3:8 At that time, we took the land from the two Amorite kings that was on this side of the Jordan, from the Arnon River to Mount Hermon.
Deuteronomy 3:9 Hermon is called Sirion by the Sidonians and Shenir by the Amorites.
Deuteronomy 3:10 Every city in the plain, all of Gilead, and all of Bashan, up to Salchah and Edrei, cities of King Og's realm in Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:11 Only Og, the king of Bashan, was left of the giants. Look at his iron bedstead. Isn't it in Rabbath of the Ammonites? It is nine cubits long and four cubits wide, using the standard cubit.
Deuteronomy 3:12 At that time, we took this land from Aroer by the Arnon River, including half of Mount Gilead and its cities, and I gave it to the people of Reuben and Gad.
Deuteronomy 3:13 I gave the rest of Gilead and all of Bashan, Og's kingdom, to the half tribe of Manasseh; that includes all of Argob and the area known as the land of giants.
Deuteronomy 3:14 Jair from the family of Manasseh captured all the area of Argob to the borders of Geshuri and Maachath. He named the places after himself, calling them the Towns of Jair, which they are still called today.
Deuteronomy 3:15 I gave Gilead to Machir.
Deuteronomy 3:16 To the Reubenites and Gadites, I gave land from Gilead to the Arnon River, half the valley, and the boundary extends to the Jabbok River, which is the border of the Ammonites.
Deuteronomy 3:17 The flat land, including the area around the Jordan River from Chinnereth to the Dead Sea, with its eastern border below the slopes of Pisgah.
Deuteronomy 3:18 I told you then, "God has given you this land to own: you must go ahead, ready to fight, in front of your fellow Israelites who are fit for battle."
Deuteronomy 3:19 Your wives, children, and animals, because I know you have many animals, can stay in the cities I gave you.
Deuteronomy 3:20 Wait until God has given your brothers rest, just like you, and until they too have taken over the land God has given them across the Jordan. Then each of you can go back to the land I have given you.
Deuteronomy 3:21 I told Joshua then, "You saw what God did to those two kings: God will do the same to all the kingdoms you enter."
Deuteronomy 3:22 Do not be afraid of them: for God will fight for you.
Deuteronomy 3:23 I begged God then, saying,
Deuteronomy 3:24 God, you have started to show your servant your greatness and powerful hand. Who is like you, a God in heaven or on earth, who can act like you do or has your power?
Deuteronomy 3:25 Please let me go and see the wonderful land across the Jordan River, the beautiful mountain, and Lebanon.
Deuteronomy 3:26 But God was angry with me because of you, and would not listen to me: and God told me, That's enough; do not talk to me about this anymore.
Deuteronomy 3:27 Go up to the top of Pisgah and look to the west, north, south, and east. See the land with your own eyes, because you will not cross the Jordan River.
Deuteronomy 3:28 Tell Joshua to be brave and strong because he will lead the people and help them receive the land you will see.
Deuteronomy 3:29 We stayed in the valley opposite Bethpeor.
