Deuteronomy 30 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%2030.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 30:1 When all these things happen to you, the blessings and the curses I've told you about, and you think about them wherever you are because God has scattered you among the nations,
Deuteronomy 30:2 Go back to God, listen to Him, and follow everything I tell you today, you and your children, with all your heart and all your soul.
Deuteronomy 30:3 God will end your captivity, show you mercy, and bring you back from all the nations where God has spread you out.
Deuteronomy 30:4 If any of you are scattered to the farthest skies, God will bring you back from there.
Deuteronomy 30:5 God will take you to the land your fathers owned, you will own it; He will be good to you and increase your numbers more than your fathers.
Deuteronomy 30:6 God will change your heart and the hearts of your descendants so that you love God with all your heart and soul, and you will live.
Deuteronomy 30:7 God will give all these curses to your enemies and to those who hate and trouble you.
Deuteronomy 30:8 You will come back and listen to God, and follow all his orders that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 30:9 God will bless all the work you do, make you have many children, give you many animals, and make your land produce good crops, because God will take joy in making things good for you, just as He did for your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 30:10 If you listen to God's voice and follow His commands and rules written in this book of the law, and if you turn to God with all your heart and all your soul.
Deuteronomy 30:11 This command I give you today is not secret or hard to reach.
Deuteronomy 30:12 It's not up in heaven, so you don't need to ask, "Who will go up to heaven to get it for us, so we can listen and follow it?"
Deuteronomy 30:13 It's not across the sea, so you don't need to ask, "Who will cross the sea for us and bring it to us, so we can hear it and do it?"
Deuteronomy 30:14 The message is very close to you, in your mouth and in your heart, so you can do it.
Deuteronomy 30:15 Look, today I put in front of you life and what is good, and death and what is bad.
Deuteronomy 30:16 Today I tell you to love God, follow His paths, and obey His rules and laws, so you can live and have many children. God will bless you in the land you are going to make yours.
Deuteronomy 30:17 If your heart turns away and you don't listen, but instead you are led astray to worship and serve other gods;
Deuteronomy 30:18 I tell you today that you will certainly die and not live long in the land you're crossing the Jordan River to take over.
Deuteronomy 30:19 I tell heaven and earth today to witness against you: I have given you the choice between life and death, and between blessings and curses. So choose life, so that you and your children can live.
Deuteronomy 30:20 So you can love God, obey what he says, and stay close to him because he gives you life and a long time to live, so you can stay in the land God promised to your ancestors Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to give to them.
