Deuteronomy 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Deuteronomy/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Deuteronomy 6:1 Here are the rules, laws, and decisions that God told you to learn, so you can follow them in the land you are going to make your own.
Deuteronomy 6:2 So you will respect God, follow all His rules and commands that I give to you, you, your son, and your grandson, as long as you live; and so that you may have a long life.
Deuteronomy 6:3 Listen, Israel, and be sure to follow the commands, so that things go well for you, and you become very numerous, just as God promised your ancestors, in a land filled with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 6:4 Listen, Israel: Our God is the only God.
Deuteronomy 6:5 Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Deuteronomy 6:6 Keep these words I give you today in your heart.
Deuteronomy 6:7 You should teach them carefully to your children and talk about them when you are at home, when you walk along the road, when you lie down, and when you get up.
Deuteronomy 6:8 Tie them as a sign on your hand, and let them be a reminder between your eyes.
Deuteronomy 6:9 Write these words on the doorframes of your house and on your gates.
Deuteronomy 6:10 When God brings you to the land He promised your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give you large and beautiful cities you did not build,
Deuteronomy 6:11 Homes filled with good things you did not put there, wells you did not dig, and vineyards and olive trees you did not plant; when you have eaten and are satisfied.
Deuteronomy 6:12 Be careful not to forget God, who brought you out of Egypt, where you were slaves.
Deuteronomy 6:13 You should respect God, serve him, and make promises in his name.
Deuteronomy 6:14 Do not follow other gods from the nearby peoples.
Deuteronomy 6:15 Because your God is a God who feels very strong about his relationship with you, be careful not to make him angry or he might remove you from the earth.
Deuteronomy 6:16 Do not test God as you did at Massah.
Deuteronomy 6:17 You must carefully follow God's commandments, teachings, and rules that he has given you.
Deuteronomy 6:18 You should do what is right and good in God's eyes: so things will go well for you, and you can enter and take over the good land that God promised to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 6:19 To drive out all your enemies from before you, just as God has said.
Deuteronomy 6:20 When your son asks you in the future, 'What do the teachings, laws, and rules that God has given you mean?'
Deuteronomy 6:21 Then you will tell your son, We were slaves of Pharaoh in Egypt, but God led us out of Egypt with great power.
Deuteronomy 6:22 God showed amazing and terrible signs and wonders in Egypt, to Pharaoh, and to all his family, right before our eyes.
Deuteronomy 6:23 He took us out from there to bring us in and give us the land he promised to our ancestors.
Deuteronomy 6:24 God told us to follow these rules and respect God, for our own good at all times, so that we may be kept alive, just as we are today.
Deuteronomy 6:25 We will be doing what is right if we carefully follow all these commands from God, just as he has told us to do.
