Psalms 40 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Psalms/Chapter%2040.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Psalms 40:1 I waited patiently for God; He turned to me and heard my cry.
Psalms 40:2 God lifted me from a terrible pit and from sticky mud, placed my feet on solid ground, and made my steps firm.
Psalms 40:3 He has given me a new song to sing, a hymn of praise to our God. Many will see this and be in awe, and will trust in God.
Psalms 40:4 Happy is the person who trusts in God and does not honor the proud or those who believe in lies.
Psalms 40:5 God, you have done so many amazing things and your thoughts for us are countless. If I tried to list them, there would be too many to count.
Psalms 40:6 You do not want sacrifices or offerings; you have made me listen. You do not need burnt offerings or sin offerings.
Psalms 40:7 I said, "Look, I'm coming: the book says about me,"
Psalms 40:8 I enjoy doing what you want, my God; yes, your rules are in my heart.
Psalms 40:9 I have told of being good in the large group of people; look, I have not held back my words, God, you know.
Psalms 40:10 I have not kept your goodness secret in my heart; I have spoken of your faithfulness and your rescue: I have not hidden your kindness and your truth from the many people.
Psalms 40:11 Don't keep your kindness and mercy from me, God; may your love and truth always protect me.
Psalms 40:12 Countless troubles surround me; my sins have caught up to me, and I cannot see a way out. They outnumber the hairs on my head, and my heart is overwhelmed.
Psalms 40:13 Please, God, rescue me; God, hurry to assist me.
Psalms 40:14 May those who want to harm me feel ashamed and frustrated; let them retreat and be embarrassed who desire my bad luck.
Psalms 40:15 Let them be left empty because they are ashamed and mock me, saying, "Aha, aha."
Psalms 40:16 Let everyone who searches for you be happy and joyful in you; let those who love your rescue always say, "God is great."
Psalms 40:17 I am poor and in need, but God thinks of me; you are my help and my rescuer; please hurry, my God.
