Psalms 59 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Psalms/Chapter%2059.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Psalms 59:1 Save me from my enemies, my God; protect me from those who attack me.
Psalms 59:2 Rescue me from people who do wrong, and protect me from violent men.
Psalms 59:3 Look, they are hiding to attack me; powerful people are against me, not because of my wrongs or my sins, O God.
Psalms 59:4 They run and get ready to attack me for no reason: wake up to help me and see.
Psalms 59:5 You then, God of all, the God of Israel, wake up to check on all the nations: do not show kindness to any evil wrongdoers. Pause and think.
Psalms 59:6 They come back at night, making sounds like dogs, and roam around the city.
Psalms 59:7 Look, they spew from their mouths—sharp words are on their lips: for who, they think, hears us?
Psalms 59:8 But you, God, will laugh at them; you will mock all the nations.
Psalms 59:9 I will rely on you because of your strength: for God is my protector.
Psalms 59:10 God's kindness will go before me; God will let me see victory over my foes.
Psalms 59:11 Do not kill them, or my people might forget. Scatter them by your power and defeat them, God our protector.
Psalms 59:12 Because of the wrong things they say and the lies from their lips, let them be caught in their pride. They say curses and lies.
Psalms 59:13 Destroy them in anger, destroy them so they are no more; and let them know that God rules in Jacob, all over the earth. Pause.
Psalms 59:14 Let them come back at night; they sound like dogs as they walk around the city.
Psalms 59:15 Let them search for food and complain if they are not full.
Psalms 59:16 I will sing about your power; yes, I will sing loudly about your kindness in the morning because you have been my protection and shelter when I was in trouble.
Psalms 59:17 To you, my strength, I will sing: for God is my protector, and the God who shows me mercy.
