Psalms 9 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Psalms/Chapter%209.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Psalms 9:1 I will praise you, God, with all my heart; I will tell everyone about your amazing deeds.
Psalms 9:2 I will be happy and celebrate in you; I will sing praises to your name, O Most High.
Psalms 9:3 When my enemies turn back, they will stumble and die in your presence.
Psalms 9:4 You have supported my right and my cause; you sat on the throne making fair judgments.
Psalms 9:5 You have scolded the nations, you have destroyed the wicked, you have erased their name forever and ever.
Psalms 9:6 Enemy, your destructions are finished forever: you have ruined cities; their remembrance is gone with them.
Psalms 9:7 God will last forever; he has set up his throne for judging.
Psalms 9:8 He will judge the world fairly and make just decisions for the people with honesty.
Psalms 9:9 God will also be a safe place for the oppressed, a safe place in times of trouble.
Psalms 9:10 Those who know your name will trust in you, God, because you have never abandoned those who look for you.
Psalms 9:11 Sing praises to God, who lives in Zion; tell everyone about his actions.
Psalms 9:12 When God looks into murders, he remembers the victims: he does not ignore the cries of the humble.
Psalms 9:13 God, be kind to me. Look at the troubles I have from those who hate me, you who save me from near death.
Psalms 9:14 I want to tell all your praise at the gates of Zion's city; I will be happy because you save me.
Psalms 9:15 The nations have fallen into the pit they dug; their own feet are caught in the net they hid.
Psalms 9:16 God is known by the justice He gives; the evil are caught by what they do. Reflect on this. Pause.
Psalms 9:17 Evil people will go to a place of punishment, and so will every nation that forgets God.
Psalms 9:18 The needy will not always be forgotten, and the hopes of the poor will never be lost.
Psalms 9:19 Get up, God; don't let people win; judge the nations in your presence.
Psalms 9:20 Make them afraid, God, so the nations will realize they are only human. Pause.
