Micah 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Micah/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Micah 1:1 God's message that came to Micah of Morasheth during the time of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, the kings of Judah, was about Samaria and Jerusalem.
Micah 1:2 Listen, everyone; pay attention, O earth and everything in it: and let God be a witness against you, God from his holy place.
Micah 1:3 Look, God is coming from his place and will step down and walk on the earth's high places.
Micah 1:4 The mountains will melt beneath him, and the valleys will split open, like wax melting before a fire and like water rushing down a slope.
Micah 1:5 All this is because Jacob did wrong, and Israel's house sinned. What did Jacob do wrong? Wasn't it Samaria? And Judah's wrong places, aren't they Jerusalem?
Micah 1:6 So, I will turn Samaria into a pile of rubble in a field, like a cleared vineyard, and I will toss its stones into the valley and expose its foundations.
Micah 1:7 All its carved idols will be smashed, all its earnings will be burned up, and all its idols I will ruin. It collected its wealth by prostitution, and it will be used again for prostitution.
Micah 1:8 I will cry and yell, I will walk bare and naked: I will cry loudly like the dragons, and grieve like the owls.
Micah 1:9 Her injury can't be healed; it has reached Judah and even the entrance of my people in Jerusalem.
Micah 1:10 Do not announce it in Gath, do not cry at all; in the house of Aphrah cover yourself with dust.
Micah 1:11 Go away, you who live in Saphir, with your shame exposed. The people of Zaanan did not leave to mourn for Bethezel; they will get no support from you.
Micah 1:12 The person from Maroth really hoped for something good, but bad things came from God to Jerusalem's gate.
Micah 1:13 You, who live in Lachish, hitch the chariot to the fast horse: you started the sin for Zion's people. Israel's wrongdoings were found in you.
Micah 1:14 So you must give gifts to Moresheth of Gath; the towns of Achzib will deceive the kings of Israel.
Micah 1:15 I will send an enemy to conquer you, people of Mareshah; the nobles of Israel will hide in the cave at Adullam.
Micah 1:16 Shave your head and cut off your hair for your precious children; make your bald spot bigger like an eagle, because they have been taken away from you as captives.
