Numbers 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Numbers/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Numbers 12:1 Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses because he married a woman from Ethiopia.
Numbers 12:2 They asked, "Has God spoken only through Moses? Hasn't he also spoken through us?" And God heard this.
Numbers 12:3 Moses was the humblest man on earth, more than anyone else.
Numbers 12:4 God spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, "You three come to the meeting tent." And the three of them went out.
Numbers 12:5 God came down in the cloud pillar, stood at the tabernacle entrance, and called Aaron and Miriam, and they both came out.
Numbers 12:6 He said, "Listen to me: If there's a prophet with you, God will reveal himself in a vision and speak to him in a dream."
Numbers 12:7 My servant Moses is different; he is trustworthy in all my household.
Numbers 12:8 I will talk directly and clearly with him, not in riddles, and he will see a form of God. So why weren't you afraid to speak against my servant Moses?
Numbers 12:9 God became angry with them, and he left.
Numbers 12:10 The cloud moved away from the tent, and Miriam had a skin disease, white like snow. Aaron saw Miriam and she had the skin disease.
Numbers 12:11 Aaron said to Moses, "Sorry, my lord, I ask you, don't blame us for the foolish things we have done and for our sins."
Numbers 12:12 Do not let her be like a newborn that is half dead with rotting flesh.
Numbers 12:13 Moses called out to God, saying, "Please God, heal her now."
Numbers 12:14 God told Moses, "If her father had spit in her face, wouldn't she feel shame for seven days? Keep her out of the camp for seven days, and after that, she can come back."
Numbers 12:15 Miriam had to stay outside the camp for seven days; the people did not move on until Miriam was allowed back in.
Numbers 12:16 Later, the people left Hazeroth and set up camp in the Paran wilderness.
