Numbers 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Numbers/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Numbers 20:1 The Israelites, all of them, came to the Zin desert in the first month. They stayed in Kadesh where Miriam died and was buried.
Numbers 20:2 The people had no water and they complained to Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 20:3 The people argued with Moses and said, "If only we had died like our brothers did in front of God!"
Numbers 20:4 Why did you lead God's people into this desert for us and our animals to die here?
Numbers 20:5 Why did you bring us from Egypt to this bad place? It has no grain, figs, grapevines, pomegranates, or water to drink.
Numbers 20:6 Moses and Aaron left the gathering and went to the entrance of the meeting tent, and they fell on their faces: and God's glory showed to them.
Numbers 20:7 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 20:8 Take the staff, and together with your brother Aaron, gather the people. Then talk to the rock while they watch, and it will release water. You will bring water from the rock for them and their animals to drink.
Numbers 20:9 Moses took the staff from where it was in front of God, just as he was told.
Numbers 20:10 Moses and Aaron brought all the people to the rock, and Moses said to them, "Listen, you rebels, should we get you water from this rock?"
Numbers 20:11 Moses raised his hand and struck the rock two times with his rod, and plenty of water flowed out, so the people and their animals drank.
Numbers 20:12 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, "Because you did not trust me enough to show my holiness before the Israelites, you will not bring this group into the land I have given them."
Numbers 20:13 This is the water of Meribah where the people of Israel argued with God, and through this, God showed his holiness among them.
Numbers 20:14 Moses sent messengers from Kadesh to the king of Edom, saying, "Your brother Israel says, 'You know about all the hardships that have happened to us.'"
Numbers 20:15 Our ancestors went to Egypt, we lived there for a long time, and the Egyptians treated us and our ancestors badly.
Numbers 20:16 When we called out to God, He listened to us, sent an angel, and led us out of Egypt. Now, we are in Kadesh, a city at the edge of your territory.
Numbers 20:17 Please let us travel through your land. We won't go through your fields or vineyards, nor will we drink from your wells. We'll stay on the main road and won't turn right or left until we've crossed your borders.
Numbers 20:18 Edom said to him, "You cannot go through my land or I will attack you with the sword."
Numbers 20:19 The Israelites told him, "We will travel on the main road. If we and our animals drink your water, we will pay for it. We will just pass through on foot without doing anything else."
Numbers 20:20 He said, "You cannot pass." Then Edom came out to face him with many people and strong force.
Numbers 20:21 So Edom would not let Israel go through their land, so Israel went a different way from them.
Numbers 20:22 The Israelites, all the people, traveled from Kadesh to Mount Hor.
Numbers 20:23 God spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, near the border of Edom, saying,
Numbers 20:24 Aaron will join his ancestors when he dies, because he will not go into the land I have given to the Israelites, since you both disobeyed my command at the waters of Meribah.
Numbers 20:25 Take Aaron and his son Eleazar, and take them up to Mount Hor.
Numbers 20:26 Take off Aaron's clothes and put them on Eleazar, his son. Aaron will then join his ancestors and die there.
Numbers 20:27 Moses did what God told him; they climbed Mount Hor while everyone watched.
Numbers 20:28 Moses took off Aaron's clothes and dressed Eleazar, his son, in them. Aaron died at the top of the mountain. Then Moses and Eleazar went down from the mountain.
Numbers 20:29 When everyone saw that Aaron had died, they all mourned for him for thirty days, including all the people of Israel.
