Numbers 23 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Numbers/Chapter%2023.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Numbers 23:1 Balaam said to Balak, "Make me seven altars here, and get ready seven oxen and seven rams for me here."
Numbers 23:2 Balak did what Balaam said; Balak and Balaam sacrificed a bull and a ram on each altar.
Numbers 23:3 Balaam said to Balak, "Stay by your burnt offering, and I'll go; maybe God will meet me. Whatever he shows me, I'll tell you." Then he went to a high place.
Numbers 23:4 God met Balaam, and Balaam said, "I have set up seven altars and on each altar I have sacrificed a bull and a ram."
Numbers 23:5 God gave Balaam a message and said, "Go back to Balak, and say this."
Numbers 23:6 He went back to him and saw him standing by his burnt offering with all the leaders of Moab.
Numbers 23:7 He began his message, saying, "King Balak of Moab brought me from Aram, from the eastern mountains, and said, 'Come and curse Jacob for me; come and speak against Israel.'"
Numbers 23:8 How can I curse someone who God has not cursed? Or how can I condemn someone who God has not condemned?
Numbers 23:9 From the high rocks I see him, and from the hills I watch him: look, the people will live apart and will not be counted with other nations.
Numbers 23:10 Who can count Jacob's dust, or know the number of a quarter of Israel's people? I want to die like good people do, and end my life the same as theirs!
Numbers 23:11 Balak said to Balaam, "What have you done to me? I brought you to curse my enemies, but look, you have completely blessed them."
Numbers 23:12 He replied, "Shouldn't I be careful to say what God has given me to speak?"
Numbers 23:13 Balak said to him, "Please come with me to another place. You can see only a part of the people from there, not all of them. Curse them for me from that place."
Numbers 23:14 He took him to Zophim's field, up on Pisgah peak, made seven altars, and sacrificed a bull and a ram on each one.
Numbers 23:15 He told Balak, "Stay here by your burnt offering while I go to meet God over there."
Numbers 23:16 God met Balaam, gave him a message, and said, "Go back to Balak and say this."
Numbers 23:17 When he arrived, he saw him standing by his burnt offering with Moab's leaders. And Balak asked, "What has God said?"
Numbers 23:18 He began his message, saying, "Stand up, Balak, and listen; pay attention to me, son of Zippor:
Numbers 23:19 God is not a man who lies, or someone's son who changes his mind. If He says something, won't He do it? If He speaks, won't He make it happen?
Numbers 23:20 Look, I have been ordered to bless: God has given a blessing, and I cannot change it.
Numbers 23:21 God has not seen any wrong in Jacob, nor has He noticed any evil in Israel; God is with him, and there is the sound of a king among them.
Numbers 23:22 God led them out of Egypt; he has the power like a strong wild ox.
Numbers 23:23 There is no magic that can harm Jacob, nor any fortune-telling against Israel. Now it will be said about Jacob and Israel, "Look at what God has done!"
Numbers 23:24 Look, the people will get up like a strong lion and raise themselves like a young lion: they will not rest until they have eaten their kill and drunk the blood of those they have defeated.
Numbers 23:25 Balak told Balaam, "Don't curse or bless them at all."
Numbers 23:26 But Balaam replied to Balak, "Didn't I tell you that I must do everything God says?"
Numbers 23:27 Balak said to Balaam, "Please come with me to another place; maybe from there you can ask God to curse them for me."
Numbers 23:28 Balak took Balaam to the top of Peor, with a view over Jeshimon.
Numbers 23:29 Balaam said to Balak, "Make seven altars for me here, and get ready seven bulls and seven rams for me here."
Numbers 23:30 Balak did what Balaam told him to do, and sacrificed a bull and a sheep on each altar.
