Numbers 28 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Numbers/Chapter%2028.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Numbers 28:1 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 28:2 Tell the people of Israel to give me my offerings and the bread for my burnt sacrifices, that please me, at the proper time.
Numbers 28:3 Tell them, "This is the fire sacrifice you must give to God: two perfect lambs, one year old, each day, for a regular burnt offering."
Numbers 28:4 Offer one lamb in the morning and the other lamb in the evening.
Numbers 28:5 Use one-tenth of an ephah of flour and mix it with one-fourth of a hin of olive oil for a grain offering.
Numbers 28:6 This is a regular burnt offering set up at Mount Sinai to please God, a sacrifice burned for God.
Numbers 28:7 Offer one-fourth of a hin of wine for each lamb as a drink offering in the sacred place for God.
Numbers 28:8 Offer the second lamb in the evening with the same grain and drink offerings as in the morning; it will be a burnt offering with a pleasing aroma to God.
Numbers 28:9 On the Sabbath, offer two lambs that are one year old and have no defects, along with two measures of flour mixed with oil for a grain offering, and the accompanying liquid offering.
Numbers 28:10 This is the special burnt offering for every Sabbath along with the regular burnt offering and its accompanying drink offering.
Numbers 28:11 At the start of each month, you must give a burnt offering to God: two young bulls, one ram, and seven lambs that are one year old and have no defects.
Numbers 28:12 Use three cups of flour mixed with oil for the grain offering for one bull and two cups of flour mixed with oil for the grain offering for one ram.
Numbers 28:13 For one sheep, mix a special amount of flour with oil to offer as food; it is a burnt offering, a pleasant smelling sacrifice to God.
Numbers 28:14 Their drink gifts should be half a hin of wine for a bull, a third of a hin for a ram, and a quarter of a hin for a lamb. This is the monthly burnt offering for each month of the year.
Numbers 28:15 Offer a goat as a sin offering to God, in addition to the regular burnt offering and its drink offering.
Numbers 28:16 On the fourteenth day of the first month is God's Passover.
Numbers 28:17 On the fifteenth day of this month there is a festival; for seven days you must eat bread without yeast.
Numbers 28:18 On the first day, there will be a special gathering; you must not do any regular work on that day.
Numbers 28:19 You must offer a fire sacrifice to God; two young bulls, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 28:20 Offer their grain offering with oil mixed in: give three-tenths of an ephah for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 28:21 Give one-tenth of a measure of grain for each of the seven lambs.
Numbers 28:22 And one goat as a sin sacrifice to make amends for you.
Numbers 28:23 You should give these along with the morning burnt offering that is given every day.
Numbers 28:24 Offer like this every day for seven days: food for a fire sacrifice that smells good to God. Give it along with the regular burnt offering and its drink offering.
Numbers 28:25 On the seventh day, you should gather together for a holy meeting; you should not do any regular work.
Numbers 28:26 On the day of the firstfruits, when you present a fresh grain offering to God after your weeks are done, you shall hold a special gathering; you shall not do any regular work.
Numbers 28:27 Give God a burnt offering that smells good: two young bulls, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs.
Numbers 28:28 They offer flour mixed with oil as their food gift, three-tenths of an ephah for a bull, two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 28:29 One portion of grain for each lamb, for all seven lambs.
Numbers 28:30 One young goat to make peace with God for you.
Numbers 28:31 You should give these besides the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and they must be without any defects, along with their drink offerings.
