Numbers 29 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Numbers/Chapter%2029.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Numbers 29:1 In the seventh month, on the first day, you will gather for a sacred meeting; you won't do any regular work: it's a day for you to blow trumpets.
Numbers 29:2 You must offer a burnt sacrifice that smells good to God; one young bull, one ram, and seven perfect lambs that are one year old.
Numbers 29:3 Their grain offering will be flour mixed with oil, three-tenths of an ephah for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 29:4 Give one-tenth of flour for each of the seven lambs.
Numbers 29:5 One young goat as a sin offering to ask for God's forgiveness for you.
Numbers 29:6 In addition to the monthly burnt offering with its grain offering, the daily burnt offering with its grain offering, and their drink offerings, follow the usual rules to make a pleasing fire sacrifice to God.
Numbers 29:7 On the tenth day of the seventh month, you must come together for a special meeting; you must humble yourselves and not do any work on that day.
Numbers 29:8 You must present a burnt offering to God as a pleasing aroma; one young bull, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs with no defects.
Numbers 29:9 Their grain offering should be flour mixed with oil: three-tenths for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 29:10 For each lamb, give one-tenth of a bushel of grain, for all seven lambs.
Numbers 29:11 One young goat for a sin offering, along with the atonement sin offering, the regular burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:12 On the fifteenth day of the seventh month, you must gather for a holy meeting; you must not do any regular work, and you must celebrate a festival for God for seven days.
Numbers 29:13 You will present a burnt offering to God, a fire-made sacrifice with a pleasing aroma: thirteen young bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs, all without any defects.
Numbers 29:14 Their grain offering should be flour mixed with oil, 3 parts for each of the 13 bulls and 2 parts for each of the 2 rams.
Numbers 29:15 Give a tenth of an ephah of flour for each of the fourteen lambs.
Numbers 29:16 One goat for a sin offering, along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:17 On the second day, give twelve young bulls, two rams, and fourteen perfect one-year-old lambs.
Numbers 29:18 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs must match their number, in the usual way.
Numbers 29:19 One young goat for a sin offering; in addition to the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:20 On the third day, they offered eleven bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:21 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, should be in line with their number, as is the custom.
Numbers 29:22 Offer one goat as a sin sacrifice in addition to the regular burnt offering with its grain and drink offerings.
Numbers 29:23 On the fourth day, ten bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:24 Offer food and drink for the bulls, rams, and lambs in amounts that match their number, as is the custom.
Numbers 29:25 Offer one young goat for a sin sacrifice, in addition to the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:26 On the fifth day, offer nine bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:27 Their grain and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs must match their number, as required.
Numbers 29:28 Offer one goat for a sin offering, along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:29 On the sixth day, eight bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:30 Offer their grain and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs according to the number required, following the usual way.
Numbers 29:31 And one goat for a sin offering, in addition to the regular burnt offering, with its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:32 On the seventh day, seven bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs with no flaws.
Numbers 29:33 The food offerings and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs must match the number of animals, as required.
Numbers 29:34 And one goat for a sin offering; along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:35 On the eighth day, have a special meeting and do not do any regular work.
Numbers 29:36 You must give God a burnt offering, a sacrifice burned with fire that smells good: one bull, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:37 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bull, for the ram, and for the lambs must match the number of animals, as required.
Numbers 29:38 And one goat for a sin offering, plus the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:39 During your special feasts, do these things for God, in addition to your promises and voluntary gifts, and also for your burnt, food, drink, and peace offerings.
Numbers 29:40 Moses told the Israelites everything that God had commanded him.
