1 Thessalonians 4 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20Thessalonians/Chapter%204.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 Thessalonians 4:1 We ask you, friends, and encourage you in Jesus' name, to live as we taught you, so you can please God and keep growing in it.
1 Thessalonians 4:2 You know the commands we gave you from Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 4:3 God wants you to be holy and avoid sexual immorality.
1 Thessalonians 4:4 Each of you should know how to live with your body in a way that is holy and respectful.
1 Thessalonians 4:5 Do not follow strong sexual desires, like the non-believers who do not know God.
1 Thessalonians 4:6 Let no one take advantage of or cheat their fellow in any matter; for God punishes all such acts, as we have already warned and confirmed to you.
1 Thessalonians 4:7 God has not called us to be unclean, but to be holy.
1 Thessalonians 4:8 So, if someone disrespects, they don't disrespect people but God, who has also given us his Holy Spirit.
1 Thessalonians 4:9 Regarding loving others like brothers, you don't need me to write to you, because God has taught you to love each other.
1 Thessalonians 4:10 You are showing love to all God's people in Macedonia, but we urge you, friends, to do so more and more.
1 Thessalonians 4:11 Work hard and mind your own business, just as we told you.
1 Thessalonians 4:12 Live honestly with those outside your group, so you won't need anything from others.
1 Thessalonians 4:13 I want you to understand, friends, about those who have died, so you won't be sad like others who have no hope.
1 Thessalonians 4:14 If we believe that Jesus died and came back to life, then God will also bring with him those who have died believing in Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 4:15 We tell you, by God's message, that those of us who are alive and left until God's return will not go ahead of those who have died.
1 Thessalonians 4:16 God will come down from heaven with a shout, with the archangel's voice, and with God's trumpet: and those who believed in Christ and have died will come back to life first.
1 Thessalonians 4:17 We who are alive and left will be lifted up with them in the clouds to meet God in the sky, and we will always be with God.
1 Thessalonians 4:18 Therefore, encourage each other with these words.
