Romans 11 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Romans/Chapter%2011.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Romans 11:1 So I ask, has God rejected his people? No way! For I am also an Israelite, a descendant of Abraham, from the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 11:2 God has not rejected his people whom he knew before. Don't you know what the scripture says about Elijah? How he pleads with God against Israel, saying,
Romans 11:3 God, they killed your prophets and destroyed your altars; I'm alone and they want to kill me.
Romans 11:4 What does God's reply to him say? I have kept seven thousand men for myself who have not kneeled to Baal's statue.
Romans 11:5 Even now, there are a few chosen by God's kindness.
Romans 11:6 If it's by grace, then it's not by works; if it were, grace wouldn't be grace. But if it's by works, then it's not grace; otherwise, work wouldn't be work.
Romans 11:7 So what now? Israel did not get what it was looking for; only the chosen ones got it, and the others were unable to see.
Romans 11:8 As it is written, God has given them a sleepy spirit, eyes that cannot see, and ears that cannot hear, until this day.
Romans 11:9 David says, "Let their table become a trap, a snare, a stumbling block, and a way to repay them."
Romans 11:10 Make their eyes dim so they cannot see and make them always stoop.
Romans 11:11 I ask then, did they trip so they would fall? Certainly not! Instead, by their mistake, salvation has come to the non-Jews, to make them jealous.
Romans 11:12 If their loss brings wealth to the world, and their decrease brings wealth to non-Jewish people, how much greater will their fullness be?
Romans 11:13 I talk to you non-Jews because I am the messenger to non-Jews, and I honor my work.
Romans 11:14 I hope to encourage my fellow people and save some of them.
Romans 11:15 If rejecting them means the world is made right with God, what will accepting them be, if not life from the dead?
Romans 11:16 If the first piece of dough is holy, then the whole dough is holy; and if the root is holy, so are the branches.
Romans 11:17 If some of the branches were broken off and you, a wild olive tree, were grafted among them, sharing the root and richness of the olive tree.
Romans 11:18 Don't brag against the branches. But if you do brag, remember it's not you who supports the root, but the root supports you.
Romans 11:19 You might say, "The branches were broken off so I could be grafted in."
Romans 11:20 Because they didn't believe, they were removed, and you are supported by faith. Don't be proud, but be respectful.
Romans 11:21 If God did not spare the original branches, be careful or he might not spare you either.
Romans 11:22 See how kind and strict God is: He is strict to those who fell, but kind to you if you stay in His kindness. If not, you will be cut off too.
Romans 11:23 If they do not continue in their unbelief, they will be grafted in again because God can graft them in.
Romans 11:24 If you were cut from a wild olive tree and grafted, against nature, into a good olive tree, how much more will the natural branches be grafted into their own olive tree?
Romans 11:25 I don't want you, friends, to be unaware of this secret: part of Israel has been unable to see, and this will continue until all non-Jewish people have joined.
Romans 11:26 All Israel will be saved, just as it is written, "The Savior will come from Zion and remove sin from Jacob."
Romans 11:27 This is my promise to them: when I will forgive their sins.
Romans 11:28 Regarding the good news, they are against you, but concerning God's choice, they are loved because of the ancestors.
Romans 11:29 God's gifts and calling cannot be taken back.
Romans 11:30 Before, you did not believe in God, but now you have received mercy because of their disbelief.
Romans 11:31 In the same way, they currently do not believe, so that by your kindness, they may also receive kindness.
Romans 11:32 God has included everyone in disbelief so that he could be merciful to everyone.
Romans 11:33 Oh, how deep are God's riches, wisdom, and knowledge! How impossible it is to understand his decisions and ways!
Romans 11:34 Who knows what God is thinking? Or who has ever given God advice?
Romans 11:35 Who has given something to God first so that God has to pay it back?
Romans 11:36 Everything comes from God, exists by His power, and is intended for His glory. May God be praised forever. Amen.
