Romans 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Romans/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Romans 12:1 I ask you, friends, because of God's kindness, to offer your bodies as a living and holy sacrifice that pleases God, which is a sensible way to serve Him.
Romans 12:2 Do not follow this world's ways: instead, change by renewing your mind to know God's good, pleasing, and perfect will.
Romans 12:3 I tell you, with the kindness given to me, to not think too highly of yourself, but to think sensibly, as God has given each of us a certain amount of faith.
Romans 12:4 Just as we have many parts in one body, and not all parts have the same function:
Romans 12:5 We, though many, are one body in Christ, and each one is a part of each other.
Romans 12:6 Since we have different gifts based on the grace given to us, if it is to prophesy, let us do so in proportion to our faith.
Romans 12:7 If we serve others, let's focus on our service; if we teach, let's focus on our teaching.
Romans 12:8 If you encourage others, do it earnestly. If you give, do it generously. If you lead, do it diligently. If you show kindness, do it happily.
Romans 12:9 Love sincerely. Hate what is evil; hold on to what is good.
Romans 12:10 Show genuine kindness and love to each other like brothers and sisters; give each other more honor.
Romans 12:11 Not lazy in work; passionate in spirit; serving God.
Romans 12:12 Happy in hope; enduring in trouble; always praying.
Romans 12:13 Sharing with those in need; welcoming to others.
Romans 12:14 Be kind to those who are unkind to you; do not wish them harm.
Romans 12:15 Be happy with those who are happy, and cry with those who are crying.
Romans 12:16 Have the same attitude towards each other. Don't aim for high status, but be willing to associate with people of lower position. Don't think you know everything.
Romans 12:17 Don't pay back anyone with harm for harm. Do what is right in everyone's eyes.
Romans 12:18 If you can, try to live in peace with everyone.
Romans 12:19 Dear friends, do not take revenge, but leave room for anger; for it is written, "It is my right to avenge; I will pay back," says God.
Romans 12:20 If your enemy is hungry, give them food; if they are thirsty, give them water; because by doing this, you will make them feel ashamed.
Romans 12:21 Do not let evil defeat you, but defeat evil by doing good.
