2 Corinthians 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/2%20Corinthians/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Corinthians 12:1 It's not really good for me to boast, but I will talk about visions and messages from God.
2 Corinthians 12:2 Fourteen years ago, I knew a man connected to Christ. I don't know if he was in his body or out of it, but God knows. He was taken up to the third heaven.
2 Corinthians 12:3 I knew a man, but I'm not sure if it was in the body or out of the body; only God knows.
2 Corinthians 12:4 He was taken up to paradise and heard words that cannot be spoken, which no one is allowed to say.
2 Corinthians 12:5 I will boast about someone like that, but I won't boast about myself, except about my weaknesses.
2 Corinthians 12:6 Even though I might want to boast, I won't be foolish, because I will speak the truth. But I hold back so no one will think more of me than what they see or hear about me.
2 Corinthians 12:7 So I wouldn't become too proud because of the great revelations, I was given a pain in my body, a messenger from Satan to beat me down, so I wouldn't become too proud.
2 Corinthians 12:8 I asked God three times to take it away from me.
2 Corinthians 12:9 He told me, "My kindness is enough for you: my power works best in weakness." So I will most happily take pride in my weaknesses, so that Christ's power can work on me.
2 Corinthians 12:10 So I am happy with weaknesses, insults, hard times, persecutions, and troubles for Christ; because when I am weak, then I am strong.
2 Corinthians 12:11 I have been foolish to boast, but you made me do it. You should have praised me because I am not less than the top apostles, even though I am nothing.
2 Corinthians 12:12 The true marks of an apostle were shown to you with great patience, and through signs, wonders, and powerful acts.
2 Corinthians 12:13 What way were you less than other churches, except that I was not a burden to you? Please forgive me for this.
2 Corinthians 12:14 Look, I am prepared to visit you for the third time, and I won't be a burden to you. I don't want your things, but I want you. Children shouldn't save up for their parents, but parents should save up for their children.
2 Corinthians 12:15 I will happily give everything for you, even if the more I love you, the less you love me.
2 Corinthians 12:16 Even though I did not burden you, I was clever and tricked you.
2 Corinthians 12:17 Did I profit from you through anyone I sent to you?
2 Corinthians 12:18 I asked Titus, and sent a friend with him. Did Titus take advantage of you? Didn't we act in the same way? Didn't we follow the same path?
2 Corinthians 12:19 Do you think we are making excuses to you? We are speaking in front of God as we are in Christ: but everything we do, dear friends, is to help you grow.
2 Corinthians 12:20 I'm worried that when I come, I may not find you as I wish, and I may be not as you wish. I'm concerned there might be arguments, jealousy, anger, conflicts, gossip, arrogance, and disorder.
2 Corinthians 12:21 So when I return, I hope my God does not make me sad in front of you because I may have to mourn for many who have sinned but not changed their ways, or stopped their impure and immoral acts.
