2 Corinthians 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/2%20Corinthians/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Corinthians 2:1 I decided not to visit you again while feeling sad.
2 Corinthians 2:2 If I make you sad, who can cheer me up except the one I’ve made sad?
2 Corinthians 2:3 I wrote this to you so that when I come, I won't be sad about those I should be happy about, trusting that what makes me happy also makes all of you happy.
2 Corinthians 2:4 I wrote to you with a heavy heart and many tears, not to make you sad, but to show you how much I love you.
2 Corinthians 2:5 If someone has caused sadness, they haven't deeply saddened me, but only to a small extent, so as not to weigh you all down too much.
2 Corinthians 2:6 This punishment, given by many, is enough for that person.
2 Corinthians 2:7 So instead you should forgive and comfort him, so he isn't overcome with too much sadness.
2 Corinthians 2:8 So I urge you to show him your love clearly.
2 Corinthians 2:9 I wrote for this reason too, so I could see if you would follow all instructions.
2 Corinthians 2:10 If you forgive anyone, I also forgive them. If I have forgiven anything, I did it for you in the way of Christ.
2 Corinthians 2:11 So Satan won't outsmart us: we know his tricks.
2 Corinthians 2:12 When I went to Troas to tell people about Christ, God opened an opportunity for me.
2 Corinthians 2:13 I could not rest because I did not find my brother Titus. So, I said goodbye and went to Macedonia.
2 Corinthians 2:14 Thank you to God, who always leads us to victory in Christ and shows the value of his knowledge through us everywhere.
2 Corinthians 2:15 We are like a pleasing fragrance of Christ to God, among those who are being saved and those who are perishing.
2 Corinthians 2:16 To some, we smell like death leading to more death; to others, we smell like life leading to more life. Who is fit for such tasks?
2 Corinthians 2:17 We are not like some who misuse God's words. We speak with honesty, as from God and in God's presence, we speak in Christ.
