2 Corinthians 9 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/2%20Corinthians/Chapter%209.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Corinthians 9:1 Regarding helping God's people, it's unnecessary for me to write to you about it.
2 Corinthians 9:2 I know how eager you are, and I have been bragging about you to the Macedonians, telling them that Achaia has been ready since last year; and your enthusiasm has inspired many others.
2 Corinthians 9:3 I sent the friends to make sure our praise of you wasn't empty, so you would be prepared as I told you.
2 Corinthians 9:4 We don't want to be embarrassed if some Macedonians come with me and see that you're not ready, after I've been so sure of you.
2 Corinthians 9:5 I felt it was important to encourage our friends to visit you first and arrange the generous gift you had promised so it will be ready as a willing gift, not as something forced.
2 Corinthians 9:6 I say this: a person who plants a little will harvest a little, and a person who plants a lot will harvest a lot.
2 Corinthians 9:7 Each person should give what they have decided in their heart to give. They should not give with regret or because they feel forced. God loves someone who gives happily.
2 Corinthians 9:8 God can give you plenty of grace so that you always have enough for yourselves and can give plenty to every good cause.
2 Corinthians 9:9 It is written, "He has shared widely; he has given to the poor: his goodness lasts forever."
2 Corinthians 9:10 The one who provides seeds for the farmer also gives you bread to eat, will make your planted seeds grow, and will make your good deeds produce more.
2 Corinthians 9:11 Becoming rich in every way to give generously, leading us to thank God.
2 Corinthians 9:12 This service not only meets the needs of God's people, but also overflows with many thanks to God.
2 Corinthians 9:13 Through this service, they praise God because you follow Christ's teaching and because you freely share with them and everyone else.
2 Corinthians 9:14 They pray for you and deeply care because of the great grace God has given you.
2 Corinthians 9:15 Thank God for his amazing gift.
