Daniel 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Daniel/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Daniel 12:1 During that time, Michael, the powerful prince who protects your people, will arise. There will be a period of great distress, unlike anything that has happened from the beginning of nations until then. But at that time, your people, everyone whose name is written in the book, will be saved.
Daniel 12:2 Many who are in the ground, asleep, will wake up: some will live forever and some will be forever disgraced.
Daniel 12:3 Wise people will shine like the sky, and those who lead many to do right will be like the stars forever.
Daniel 12:4 Daniel, close the words and seal the book until the end time; many will search eagerly, and knowledge will grow.
Daniel 12:5 Then I, Daniel, saw two others, one on each side of the riverbank.
Daniel 12:6 Someone asked the man dressed in linen, who was standing over the river, "How long until these amazing things end?"
Daniel 12:7 I heard the man in linen clothes above the river raise his right and left hands to the sky and promise by the eternal God that there would be a time, two times, and half a time, and after he breaks the power of the holy people, all will be done.
Daniel 12:8 I heard but did not understand. Then I asked, "My Lord, what will happen in the end?"
Daniel 12:9 He said, "Go on, Daniel: the words are secret and sealed until the end time."
Daniel 12:10 Many will be cleansed, made pure, and tested; but the wicked will keep doing wrong: and the wicked won't understand; but the wise will understand.
Daniel 12:11 Starting when the regular sacrifice is stopped and the terrible idol is set up, there will be 1,290 days.
Daniel 12:12 Happy is the person who waits and reaches 1,335 days.
Daniel 12:13 Keep going until the end: you will rest, and then receive your reward when the days are over.
