Judges 10 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Judges/Chapter%2010.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Judges 10:1 After Abimelech, Tola son of Puah, Dodo's son from the tribe of Issachar, became a leader to protect Israel. He lived in Shamir in the Ephraim hills.
Judges 10:2 He ruled Israel for twenty-three years, then he died and was buried in Shamir.
Judges 10:3 After him, Jair from Gilead became a leader and judged Israel for twenty-two years.
Judges 10:4 He had thirty sons who rode on thirty young donkeys, and they owned thirty cities called Havothjair, which exist to this day in Gilead.
Judges 10:5 Jair died and was buried in Camon.
Judges 10:6 The Israelites did bad things again before God, worshipped Baal and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, Zidon, Moab, Ammon's children, and the Philistines, and left God and did not worship Him.
Judges 10:7 God became very angry with Israel and handed them over to the Philistines and to the Ammonites.
Judges 10:8 That year they troubled and mistreated the Israelites for eighteen years. This happened to all the Israelites living across the Jordan River in the land of the Amorites in Gilead.
Judges 10:9 The Ammonites crossed the Jordan to also fight against Judah, Benjamin, and the Ephraimites, causing great trouble for Israel.
Judges 10:10 The people of Israel called out to God, saying, "We have sinned against you, for we have left our God and also worshiped Baalim."
Judges 10:11 God asked the Israelites, "Didn't I save you from the Egyptians, the Amorites, the Ammonites, and the Philistines?"
Judges 10:12 The people of Sidon, the Amalekites, and the Maonites also troubled you. When you called out to me, I saved you from them.
Judges 10:13 You have left me and served other gods, so I will not save you anymore.
Judges 10:14 Go and call out to the gods you picked; let them save you when you are in trouble.
Judges 10:15 The children of Israel told God, "We have sinned. Do to us whatever you think is best, but please, save us today."
Judges 10:16 They removed the foreign gods from among them and worshiped God; and he felt sorry for Israel's suffering.
Judges 10:17 The people of Ammon came together and set up camp in Gilead. The people of Israel also gathered and set up camp in Mizpeh.
Judges 10:18 The people and leaders of Gilead asked each other, "Who will start the fight against the Ammonites? He will become the leader of everyone in Gilead."
