Judges 15 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Judges/Chapter%2015.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Judges 15:1 After some time, during wheat harvest, Samson brought a young goat to his wife and said, "I will go to my wife's room." But her father wouldn't let him enter.
Judges 15:2 Her father said, "I really thought you hated her, so I gave her to your friend. Isn't her younger sister more beautiful? Please take her instead."
Judges 15:3 Samson said about them, "Now I will be less at fault than the Philistines, even though I upset them."
Judges 15:4 Samson caught three hundred foxes, tied their tails together in pairs, and put a torch between each pair of tails.
Judges 15:5 After he lit the torches, he released them into the Philistines' growing grain, and they burned up the stacks and the growing grain, along with the vineyards and olive trees.
Judges 15:6 Then the Philistines asked, "Who did this?" They were told, "Samson, the Timnite's son-in-law, because he took his wife and gave her to his friend." So the Philistines went and burned her and her father to death.
Judges 15:7 Samson told them, "Even though you did this, I will get revenge on you, and then I'll stop."
Judges 15:8 He struck them hard, causing many to die, then went and lived on top of Etam rock.
Judges 15:9 Then the Philistines moved in, camped in Judah, and spread out in Lehi.
Judges 15:10 The men of Judah asked, "Why have you come to fight us?" They replied, "We've come to capture Samson and to do to him what he did to us."
Judges 15:11 Three thousand men from Judah went up to the top of the rock Etam and said to Samson, "Don't you know that the Philistines rule over us? What have you done to us?" He replied, "I did to them what they did to me."
Judges 15:12 They told him, "We have come to tie you up and hand you over to the Philistines." Samson said to them, "Promise me that you won't attack me yourselves."
Judges 15:13 They said to him, "No, we won't kill you. But we will tie you up tightly and give you to them." Then they tied him with two new ropes and led him up from the rock.
Judges 15:14 When he arrived at Lehi, the Philistines yelled at him; but God's Spirit rushed into him strongly, and the ropes on his arms turned as weak as burnt flax, and the bindings fell off his hands.
Judges 15:15 He found a fresh donkey jawbone, reached out, took it, and killed a thousand men with it.
Judges 15:16 Samson said, "I used a donkey's jawbone to kill a thousand men."
Judges 15:17 After he finished speaking, he threw the jawbone from his hand and named that place Ramathlehi.
Judges 15:18 He was very thirsty, and prayed to God, saying, "You have given your servant this great victory; must I now die of thirst and fall into the hands of those who are not circumcised?"
Judges 15:19 God split open a space in the jawbone, and water flowed out. After he drank, his strength returned, and he felt better. So he named that place Enhakkore, which is still in Lehi today.
Judges 15:20 He was Israel's leader for twenty years during the time of the Philistines.
