Judges 21 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Judges/Chapter%2021.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Judges 21:1 The men of Israel promised in Mizpeh, "None of us will let our daughters marry men from Benjamin."
Judges 21:2 The people went to God's house, stayed there until evening, raised their voices, and cried a lot.
Judges 21:3 And said, O God of Israel, why has this happened in Israel, that today one tribe is missing in Israel?
Judges 21:4 The next day, the people got up early, built an altar there, and made burnt offerings and peace offerings.
Judges 21:5 The Israelites asked, "Who from all Israel's tribes didn't join the group to meet with God? They had strongly promised to kill anyone who didn't come to Mizpeh to meet with God."
Judges 21:6 The people of Israel felt sorry for their brother Benjamin and said, "Today one tribe is missing from Israel."
Judges 21:7 What can we do to find wives for those who are left, since we have promised with a strong oath that we will not let them marry our daughters?
Judges 21:8 They asked, "Who from the tribes of Israel didn't come to Mizpeh to God?" And no one from Jabeshgilead came to the camp for the meeting.
Judges 21:9 The people were counted, and look, no one from Jabesh-gilead was there.
Judges 21:10 The group sent twelve thousand brave men and told them, "Go and defeat the people of Jabeshgilead with the sword, including the women and children."
Judges 21:11 This is what you must do: You must kill every man and every woman who has slept with a man.
Judges 21:12 They found 400 young women in Jabesh Gilead who had never slept with a man, and they brought them to the camp at Shiloh in Canaan.
Judges 21:13 The whole group sent messengers to talk to the Benjamite people at the rock Rimmon, inviting them peacefully.
Judges 21:14 Benjamin returned then, and they were given wives from the saved women of Jabeshgilead, but there were not enough women for them.
Judges 21:15 The people felt sorry for Benjamin because God had caused a split among the tribes of Israel.
Judges 21:16 Then the community leaders asked, "What will we do to find wives for the remaining men when the women of Benjamin have been killed?"
Judges 21:17 They said, "There must be a share for the survivors of Benjamin, so that a tribe is not wiped out from Israel."
Judges 21:18 But we can't give them our daughters as wives because the Israelites have made a promise, saying, "May the man who gives a wife to Benjamin be cursed."
Judges 21:19 They said, "Look, every year there's a festival for God in Shiloh, north of Bethel, east of the road leading from Bethel to Shechem, and south of Lebonah."
Judges 21:20 They told the people of Benjamin, "Go and hide in the vineyards."
Judges 21:21 Look, and if the girls from Shiloh come out to dance, then come out of the vineyards, and each of you catch a wife from the girls of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin.
Judges 21:22 When their fathers or brothers come to complain to us, we will ask them to forgive them for our sake: we didn't save a wife for each man in the war because you didn't give them their wives now, so you aren't to blame.
Judges 21:23 The men of Benjamin did this, and each took a wife from the dancing women they captured. They went back to their land, fixed their cities, and lived there.
Judges 21:24 The Israelites left from there at that time, each person to their own tribe and family, and each went to their own land.
Judges 21:25 At that time, there was no king in Israel; everyone just did what they thought was right.
