Jeremiah 28 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Jeremiah/Chapter%2028.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Jeremiah 28:1 That year, when Zedekiah started ruling Judah, in the fourth year, fifth month, the prophet Hananiah, Azur's son from Gibeon, spoke to me in God's house with priests and everyone there, saying,
Jeremiah 28:2 God of Israel says, I have broken the power of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:3 In two years, I will bring back to this place all the items from God's house that King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon took away and moved to Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:4 I will bring Jeconiah, son of King Jehoiakim of Judah, and all the Judah captives back from Babylon, says God; for I will break the power of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:5 Then the prophet Jeremiah spoke to the prophet Hananiah where the priests and all the people in God's house could hear.
Jeremiah 28:6 The prophet Jeremiah agreed, saying, "Yes, let it happen: may God do this: may God make true what you have predicted, to return the items of God's house, and everyone taken as prisoners, from Babylon to this place."
Jeremiah 28:7 Please listen to this message that I am saying to you and to everyone.
Jeremiah 28:8 Prophets before us long ago spoke against many nations and large kingdoms about war, evil, and disease.
Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet who predicts peace will be recognized as truly sent by God when his prophecy comes true.
Jeremiah 28:10 Then Hananiah the prophet took the wooden bar from the neck of the prophet Jeremiah and broke it.
Jeremiah 28:11 Hananiah said to everyone, "This is what God says: 'I will break Nebuchadnezzar, the Babylonian king's, control from all countries in two years.'" And the prophet Jeremiah left.
Jeremiah 28:12 God spoke to the prophet Jeremiah after Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from Jeremiah's neck, saying,
Jeremiah 28:13 Go and tell Hananiah, 'God says, "You have broken the wooden yokes; now you will make iron yokes to replace them."'
Jeremiah 28:14 God says, "I have put an iron yoke on the necks of all these nations so they will serve Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, and they will serve him. I have also given him the animals of the fields."
Jeremiah 28:15 The prophet Jeremiah said to Hananiah, "Listen, Hananiah, God did not send you; you are making these people believe a lie."
Jeremiah 28:16 So God says, "Look, I will throw you off the earth. This year you will die because you have taught rebellion against God."
Jeremiah 28:17 The prophet Hananiah died that year in the seventh month.
