Jeremiah 35 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Jeremiah/Chapter%2035.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Jeremiah 35:1 God's message came to Jeremiah when Jehoiakim son of Josiah was king of Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 35:2 Go to the Rechabites' house, talk to them, bring them to God's house, into a room, and offer them wine to drink.
Jeremiah 35:3 I brought Jaazaniah, son of Jeremiah, son of Habaziniah, his brothers, all his sons, and the whole Rechabite family.
Jeremiah 35:4 I took them into God's house, to the room of Hanan's descendants, Igdaliah's son, who was a man of God. This room was next to the rulers' room and above Maaseiah son of Shallum's room, who guarded the door.
Jeremiah 35:5 I put pots full of wine and cups in front of the Rechabites' sons and told them, "Drink the wine."
Jeremiah 35:6 But they said, "We will not drink wine, because Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, told us, 'You and your sons must never drink wine.'"
Jeremiah 35:7 Do not build houses, plant seeds, grow vineyards, or own them. But always live in tents, so you can live long in the land where you are visitors.
Jeremiah 35:8 We have followed Jonadab, son of Rechab, our father's command by not drinking wine at any time, not us, our wives, our sons, or our daughters.
Jeremiah 35:9 We didn't build houses to live in, and we don't have vineyards, fields, or seeds.
Jeremiah 35:10 We have lived in tents and followed and done everything that Jonadab our father told us to do.
Jeremiah 35:11 But when Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, invaded our land, we decided to go to Jerusalem to escape the Chaldeans' and Syrians' armies, and now we live in Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 35:12 God spoke to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 35:13 God, the ruler of all, says; Go and tell the people of Judah and Jerusalem, won't you listen and follow my words? says God.
Jeremiah 35:14 Jonadab, Rechab's son, told his sons not to drink wine, and they don't to this day. They follow their father's rule, but even though I talked to you early and often, you didn't listen to me.
Jeremiah 35:15 I have also sent you all my prophets, telling them to get up early and go to you, saying, 'Turn away from your bad ways, change what you do, and don't follow other gods to worship them, so you can live in the land I gave to you and your ancestors.' But you haven't listened or paid attention to me.
Jeremiah 35:16 Because Jonadab's descendants followed their father's command, but these people did not listen to me.
Jeremiah 35:17 So this is what God, the God of Israel, says: I will bring all the bad things I said would happen to Judah and everyone in Jerusalem, because I spoke to them and they did not listen; I called to them and they did not answer.
Jeremiah 35:18 Jeremiah told the Rechabites, "God says, 'Because you have followed your ancestor Jonadab's orders, keeping his rules and doing everything he commanded you:'"
Jeremiah 35:19 So this is what God, the God of Israel, says: Jonadab son of Rechab will always have a descendant to serve me.
