Jeremiah 37 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Jeremiah/Chapter%2037.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Jeremiah 37:1 King Zedekiah, Josiah's son, became king after Coniah, Jehoiakim's son, whom Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, had made king over Judah.
Jeremiah 37:2 But he, his servants, and the people of the land did not listen to the words of God that He said through the prophet Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 37:3 King Zedekiah sent Jehucal, Shelemiah's son, and Zephaniah, Maaseiah the priest's son, to prophet Jeremiah, saying, "Please pray to God for us."
Jeremiah 37:4 Jeremiah moved freely among the people because he was not imprisoned.
Jeremiah 37:5 The Egyptian army left Egypt, and when the Chaldeans attacking Jerusalem heard about them, they left Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 37:6 God spoke to the prophet Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 37:7 God, the God of Israel, says this: Tell the king of Judah who sent you to ask me, 'The army of Pharaoh that came to help you will go back to Egypt, to their own country.'
Jeremiah 37:8 The Chaldeans will come back, fight against this city, capture it, and set it on fire.
Jeremiah 37:9 God says, "Don't trick yourselves by thinking, 'The Chaldeans will definitely leave us.' They will not leave."
Jeremiah 37:10 Even if you had defeated the entire army of the Chaldeans battling you, and only injured soldiers were left, they would still get up, each in his tent, and set this city on fire.
Jeremiah 37:11 When the Chaldean army left Jerusalem because they were afraid of Pharaoh's army,
Jeremiah 37:12 Jeremiah left Jerusalem to go to the land of Benjamin and keep himself apart from the people there.
Jeremiah 37:13 While he was at Benjamin's gate, a guard leader named Irijah, son of Shelemiah, grandson of Hananiah, was there. He arrested Jeremiah the prophet, accusing him, "You are defecting to the Chaldeans."
Jeremiah 37:14 Then Jeremiah said, "That's not true; I am not going over to the Babylonians." But he did not listen to him; so Irijah arrested Jeremiah and took him to the officials.
Jeremiah 37:15 So the leaders were angry with Jeremiah, hit him, and put him in jail in Jonathan the writer's house, because they had turned it into a jail.
Jeremiah 37:16 When Jeremiah went into the dungeon and the cells, he stayed there for many days.
Jeremiah 37:17 King Zedekiah sent for him and brought him to his house, where he asked him privately, "Has God given a message?" Jeremiah replied, "Yes, you will be captured by the king of Babylon."
Jeremiah 37:18 Jeremiah said to King Zedekiah, "What have I done wrong to you, to your servants, or to the people that you have locked me up?"
Jeremiah 37:19 Where are your prophets now who told you, 'The king of Babylon will not attack you or this land'?
Jeremiah 37:20 Please listen, I ask you, O king: accept my urgent request not to send me back to Jonathan the scribe's house, so I won't die there.
Jeremiah 37:21 King Zedekiah ordered that Jeremiah be put in the prison yard, and that he get a piece of bread every day from the baker's area until all the city's bread was gone. So Jeremiah stayed in the prison yard.
