Jeremiah 39 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Jeremiah/Chapter%2039.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Jeremiah 39:1 In the ninth year when Zedekiah was king of Judah, during the tenth month, Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon and his whole army attacked Jerusalem and surrounded it.
Jeremiah 39:2 In the eleventh year of Zedekiah, during the fourth month on the ninth day, the city walls were breached.
Jeremiah 39:3 All the leaders of the king of Babylon entered and sat at the central gate: Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the other leaders of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:4 When Zedekiah, the king of Judah, and all the soldiers saw them, they ran away. They escaped from the city at night, through the king's garden and the gate between the two walls, and they took the road to the plain.
Jeremiah 39:5 The army of the Chaldeans chased them and caught Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho. After capturing him, they took him to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, at Riblah in the territory of Hamath, where he was judged.
Jeremiah 39:6 The king of Babylon killed Zedekiah's sons in Riblah while he watched. He also killed all the important leaders of Judah.
Jeremiah 39:7 He blinded Zedekiah and tied him up with chains to take him to Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:8 The Chaldeans set fire to the king's palace and the people's homes and broke down the walls of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 39:9 Then Nebuzaradan, the head guard, took the remaining people in the city as captives to Babylon, along with those who joined him and the rest of the people who were left.
Jeremiah 39:10 Nebuzaradan, the guard captain, left the poor people who had nothing in Judah and gave them vineyards and fields then.
Jeremiah 39:11 The king of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar, gave orders about Jeremiah to his chief guard, Nebuzaradan, saying,
Jeremiah 39:12 Take him, watch him carefully, and don't hurt him; but do to him just as he tells you.
Jeremiah 39:13 So Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, sent Nebushasban, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the princes of Babylon's king.
Jeremiah 39:14 They sent for Jeremiah, took him from the prison yard, and handed him over to Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, Shaphan's grandson, to take him home. So he lived with the people.
Jeremiah 39:15 God's message came to Jeremiah when he was locked in the prison yard, saying,
Jeremiah 39:16 Go and tell Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, 'God, the ruler of all, the God of Israel, says: I will make my words come true against this city for harm, not for good; and you will see it happen on that day.'
Jeremiah 39:17 God says, "But on that day, I will save you, and you will not be handed over to the men you fear."
Jeremiah 39:18 I will definitely save you, and you won't die by the sword, but you will have your life as a reward because you trusted in me, says God.
