Jeremiah 41 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Jeremiah/Chapter%2041.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Jeremiah 41:1 In the seventh month, Ishmael son of Nethaniah, grandson of Elishama of royal descent, and ten leaders with him, went to see Gedaliah son of Ahikam at Mizpah. There, they all ate bread together in Mizpah.
Jeremiah 41:2 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, and the ten men with him stood up, attacked Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, Shaphan's grandson, with a sword, and killed him. Gedaliah was the one the king of Babylon had appointed to govern the land.
Jeremiah 41:3 Ishmael killed all the Jews with him and Gedaliah at Mizpah, including the Chaldeans and soldiers there.
Jeremiah 41:4 Two days after he killed Gedaliah, with nobody knowing,
Jeremiah 41:5 Some men came from Shechem, Shiloh, and Samaria—eighty of them—with shaved beards, torn clothes, and cuts on their bodies. They brought offerings and incense to take to God's house.
Jeremiah 41:6 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, left Mizpah to meet them, crying as he walked. When he met them, he told them, "Come to Gedaliah, Ahikam's son."
Jeremiah 41:7 When they entered the city, Ishmael son of Nethaniah killed them and threw their bodies into a pit, along with his men.
Jeremiah 41:8 But ten men were there who said to Ishmael, "Don't kill us: we have hidden treasures in the field, of wheat, barley, oil, and honey." So he spared them and did not kill them with their brothers.
Jeremiah 41:9 The pit where Ishmael threw all the dead men he killed because of Gedaliah was the same one King Asa had dug because he was afraid of Baasha, the king of Israel. Ishmael, son of Nethaniah, filled it with the slain.
Jeremiah 41:10 Ishmael took all the remaining people in Mizpah captive, including the king's daughters and those Nebuzaradan, the guard captain, left with Gedaliah, Ahikam's son. Then Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, led them away to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 41:11 When Johanan son of Kareah and all the army leaders with him heard about all the bad things Ishmael son of Nethaniah had done,
Jeremiah 41:12 They captured all the men and fought against Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, near the large waters in Gibeon.
Jeremiah 41:13 When all the people with Ishmael saw Johanan, Kareah's son, and the commanders with him, they were happy.
Jeremiah 41:14 All the people Ishmael took from Mizpah turned around, came back, and went to Johanan, Kareah's son.
Jeremiah 41:15 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, got away from Johanan with eight men and went to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 41:16 Johanan, Kareah's son, and the leaders with him took all the survivors he saved from Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, from Mizpah after he killed Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, including soldiers, women, children, and eunuchs, whom he had brought back from Gibeon.
Jeremiah 41:17 They left and lived in Chimham's place near Bethlehem, planning to go to Egypt.
Jeremiah 41:18 They feared the Chaldeans because Ishmael son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had appointed governor.
