Ezekiel 10 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2010.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 10:1 I looked, and saw above the cherubim there was something like a blue sapphire stone above them, looking like a throne.
Ezekiel 10:2 He said to the man in linen clothes, "Go between the wheels, under the cherub, take coals of fire from between the cherubs, and spread them over the city." He did this while I watched.
Ezekiel 10:3 The cherubim were on the right side of the house when the man entered, and a cloud filled the inner yard.
Ezekiel 10:4 Then God's glory rose up from the cherub and paused above the entrance of the temple; the temple became filled with the cloud, and the courtyard shone with the brightness of God's glory.
Ezekiel 10:5 The sound of the cherubim's wings could be heard all the way to the outer courtyard, like the voice of God when he speaks.
Ezekiel 10:6 When he gave the order to the man in linen clothes, "Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubim," he went in and stood next to the wheels.
Ezekiel 10:7 One angel reached out from between the angels to the fire that was between them, took some, and put it into the hands of the person dressed in linen; who then took it and left.
Ezekiel 10:8 In the cherubs, there was something that looked like a man's hand below their wings.
Ezekiel 10:9 When I looked, I saw four wheels next to the cherubim, one wheel by each cherub, and the wheels looked like the color of a beryl stone.
Ezekiel 10:10 As for how they looked, all four of them were alike, like a wheel inside another wheel.
Ezekiel 10:11 When they moved, they went on their four sides. They didn't turn when they moved, but followed the direction their head faced without turning as they went.
Ezekiel 10:12 Their whole body, backs, hands, wings, and the wheels were covered with eyes all around, even the wheels each of the four creatures had.
Ezekiel 10:13 The wheels were called 'wheel' as I heard.
Ezekiel 10:14 Each one had four faces: the first was a cherub's face, the second a man's face, the third a lion's face, and the fourth an eagle's face.
Ezekiel 10:15 The cherubim rose up. This is the living being I saw by the Chebar River.
Ezekiel 10:16 When the cherubim moved, the wheels moved with them. And when the cherubim rose up from the ground with their wings, the wheels stayed close beside them without turning away.
Ezekiel 10:17 When they stood still, these also stood still; and when they rose up, these also rose up, because the spirit of the living being was in them.
Ezekiel 10:18 God's glory left the entrance of the temple and hovered above the cherubim.
Ezekiel 10:19 The cherubim lifted their wings and rose from the ground before me: as they moved away, the wheels were next to them. Each one stopped at the entrance of the east gate of God's temple, and God's glory was above them.
Ezekiel 10:20 This is the creature I saw by the river Chebar under Israel's God, and I knew they were cherubim.
Ezekiel 10:21 Each had four faces and four wings, and under their wings were what looked like human hands.
Ezekiel 10:22 The way their faces looked was the same as those I saw by the Chebar river; they looked the same and moved straight ahead.
