Ezekiel 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 20:1 In the seventh year, on the tenth day of the fifth month, some of the leaders of Israel came to ask God, and they sat down in front of me.
Ezekiel 20:2 Then God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 20:3 Human, talk to Israel's leaders and tell them, "God says, 'Have you come to ask me something? As I live, says God, I will not answer you.'"
Ezekiel 20:4 Will you judge them, human, will you judge them? Show them their fathers' wrongdoings.
Ezekiel 20:5 Tell them this is what God says: On the day I picked Israel, raised my hand to Jacob's descendants, and revealed myself to them in Egypt, I raised my hand and told them, 'I am God, your God.'
Ezekiel 20:6 On the day I raised my hand to them, to lead them out of Egypt into a land I had chosen for them, a land filled with milk and honey, the finest of all lands.
Ezekiel 20:7 I said to them, "Throw away every bad thing you set your eyes on, and do not make yourselves dirty with the idols of Egypt: I am God your God."
Ezekiel 20:8 They resisted me and wouldn't listen: they each kept the hateful things they saw, nor did they leave Egypt's idols behind; then I decided to unleash my anger on them there in Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:9 I acted for the sake of my reputation, so it would not be tarnished in front of the nations where they lived, where I revealed myself to them by leading them out of Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:10 So I made them leave Egypt and led them into the desert.
Ezekiel 20:11 I gave them my laws and taught them my rulings, which if a person follows, they will live by them.
Ezekiel 20:12 I also gave them my days of rest, as a sign between us, so they would know that I am God who makes them holy.
Ezekiel 20:13 The people of Israel disobeyed me in the desert. They did not follow my laws, and they did not respect my decisions, which would give life to anyone who followed them. They badly disrespected my rest days. So, I thought to release my anger on them in the desert and to destroy them.
Ezekiel 20:14 I acted for my own reputation so that it would not be tarnished in the eyes of the nations from whom I rescued my people.
Ezekiel 20:15 I promised them in the wilderness that I would not take them to the land I had given them, a land rich with milk and honey, the most beautiful of all lands.
Ezekiel 20:16 Because they disrespected my laws, did not follow my rules, and made my holy days unclean: for their hearts followed their false gods.
Ezekiel 20:17 But my eye pitied them and did not destroy them or wipe them out in the desert.
Ezekiel 20:18 I told their children in the desert, "Do not follow your fathers' customs, do not keep their rules, and do not make yourselves unclean with their idols."
Ezekiel 20:19 I am God, your God; follow my rules, obey my decisions, and carry them out.
Ezekiel 20:20 Honor my rest days; they will be a sign between us so that you will know that I am your God.
Ezekiel 20:21 Despite this, the children disobeyed me: they did not follow my rules or keep my decisions, which would bring life if followed; they disrespected my rest days: so I decided to fully unleash my anger on them in the desert.
Ezekiel 20:22 Even so, I held back and acted for the sake of my name, so it would not be tarnished in the eyes of the nations among whom I had brought them out.
Ezekiel 20:23 I raised my hand to them in the desert, promising that I would scatter them among the nations and spread them out across the lands.
Ezekiel 20:24 Because they did not follow my decisions, but hated my rules, and did not respect my special rest days, and they desired their ancestors' false gods.
Ezekiel 20:25 So I gave them rules that were not good, and laws that did not bring life.
Ezekiel 20:26 I let them become unclean through their own gifts when they burned their firstborn, which made them empty, so they would know I am God.
Ezekiel 20:27 So, human, talk to the people of Israel and tell them this: God says, 'Your ancestors insulted me by doing wrong against me.'
Ezekiel 20:28 When I brought them to the land I promised to give them, they saw every tall hill and all the dense trees. There they made their sacrifices, presented their offerings to provoke me, made offerings that smelled sweet, and poured out their drink offerings.
Ezekiel 20:29 Then I asked them, "What is the high place you go to?" It is named Bamah to this day.
Ezekiel 20:30 Tell the people of Israel, God says; Are you dirty like your ancestors? Do you act badly like they did?
Ezekiel 20:31 When you give your gifts and burn your children as sacrifices, you make yourselves unclean with all your gods, even now. Should you expect me to answer your questions, people of Israel? I swear, says God, I will not answer you.
Ezekiel 20:32 What you are thinking won't happen—you won't say, 'Let's be like other nations, serving idols made of wood and stone.'
Ezekiel 20:33 I am alive, says God, and I will rule over you with great power, a reaching arm, and intense anger.
Ezekiel 20:34 I will take you away from the people and collect you from the countries where you are spread out, with great power, with an outreached arm, and with strong anger.
Ezekiel 20:35 I will take you to the people's desert, and there I will talk with you directly.
Ezekiel 20:36 Just as I spoke to your ancestors in the desert of Egypt, I will speak to you, says God.
Ezekiel 20:37 I will make you follow the rules, and I will bring you into the agreement's commitment.
Ezekiel 20:38 I will remove the rebels from among you and those who disobey me: I will take them out of the country where they live, and they will not enter the land of Israel: and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 20:39 Israel, this is what God says: Go and worship your idols if you wish, but if you won't listen to me, stop disrespecting my holy name with your gifts and idols.
Ezekiel 20:40 In my holy mountain, on Israel's highest mountain, God says, all of Israel, everyone in the land, will serve me. There I will accept them, and there I will ask for your gifts, the first of your offerings, along with all your sacred items.
Ezekiel 20:41 I will welcome you because of your pleasing aroma when I rescue you from the peoples and collect you from the countries where you were spread out; and I will show my holiness through you to the nations.
Ezekiel 20:42 You will know that I am God when I bring you to Israel, the land I promised to give your ancestors.
Ezekiel 20:43 There, you will remember your actions and everything you have done that made you impure; and you will hate yourselves for all the wrongs you have done.
Ezekiel 20:44 You will understand that I am God when I act for the sake of my name, not based on your bad ways or your wrong actions, people of Israel, says God.
Ezekiel 20:45 Also, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 20:46 Human, look toward the south, speak toward the south, and predict against the forest in the southern land.
Ezekiel 20:47 Tell the southern forest to listen to God's message: God says, "Look, I will start a fire in you. It will burn up all the green trees and all the dry trees. The blazing fire won't be put out, and it will scorch everything from the south to the north."
Ezekiel 20:48 Everyone will see that I, God, have started this fire; it will not be put out.
Ezekiel 20:49 Then I said, "Ah God! They are saying about me, 'Doesn't he just speak in puzzles?'"
