Ezekiel 21 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2021.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 21:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:2 Human, look toward Jerusalem, speak your message to the sacred places, and tell of coming troubles for the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 21:3 Tell the land of Israel, God says: I am against you, and I will pull out my sword and cut down both good and bad people from you.
Ezekiel 21:4 Since I will remove both good and bad people from you, my sword will be drawn and strike everyone from the south to the north.
Ezekiel 21:5 So that everyone may know that I, God, have taken out my sword from its cover: it will not be put back again.
Ezekiel 21:6 So, you human, sigh deeply with sadness; let everyone see your grief.
Ezekiel 21:7 When people ask you why you are sighing, you will say, "Because of the news that is coming. Everyone's heart will melt, hands will go limp, spirits will lose courage, and knees will turn to water. Look, it's coming and will happen," says God.
Ezekiel 21:8 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 21:9 Human, prophesy and say, This is what God says: Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened and polished.
Ezekiel 21:10 It is sharpened for a terrible killing; it is polished to shine: should we then celebrate? It rejects the authority of my son, like any tree.
Ezekiel 21:11 He has made it ready to be used; this sword is sharp and polished to be given to the one who will kill.
Ezekiel 21:12 Weep and wail, human: it will happen to my people, it will happen to all the leaders of Israel: fears of war will be upon my people: so hit your leg in grief.
Ezekiel 21:13 It's a test, and what if the sword despises the stick? It won't exist anymore, says God.
Ezekiel 21:14 So, human, prophesy and clap your hands. Let the sword strike three times, the sword that kills the mighty; it is the sword that kills the great ones, reaching into their private rooms.
Ezekiel 21:15 I have placed the sword at all their gates so that they will be scared and their destruction will increase. Oh! It is sharpened and prepared for killing.
Ezekiel 21:16 Go in any direction, to the right or to the left, wherever you decide to look.
Ezekiel 21:17 I will clap my hands together, and I will let my anger settle: I, God, have said it.
Ezekiel 21:18 God spoke to me once more, saying,
Ezekiel 21:19 You, too, must set up two roads for the king of Babylon's army to invade. Both will start from the same country. At the start of each road leading to the city, pick a spot for a signpost.
Ezekiel 21:20 Set a path for the sword to reach Rabbath of the Ammonites and Judah in fortified Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 21:21 The king of Babylon stopped at the crossroads, at the start of the two paths, to practice fortune-telling: he polished his arrows, he asked idols, he examined the liver.
Ezekiel 21:22 At his right side was the plan for Jerusalem: to set leaders, to begin the attack, to shout loudly, to place rams at the gates, to make a siege mound, and to construct a stronghold.
Ezekiel 21:23 They will see it as a false prediction, those who make promises; but their wrongdoing will be remembered, so they can be captured.
Ezekiel 21:24 So God says, because you have shown your sins and everyone sees your wrong acts, and because you are now remembered, you will be caught.
Ezekiel 21:25 You, evil and unholy ruler of Israel, your time has come when your wrongdoing will stop.
Ezekiel 21:26 God says, "Take off the royal headband, remove the crown: things will change: lift up the lowly, and bring down the powerful."
Ezekiel 21:27 I will completely overturn it, and it will be gone, until the one who rightfully owns it comes; then I will give it to him.
Ezekiel 21:28 You, human, tell them what God says about the Ammonites and their insults: "The sword is drawn and ready for killing, polished to shine and destroy."
Ezekiel 21:29 While they show you false visions and tell you lies, to lead you to the fate of the wicked who are doomed, when their sin ends.
Ezekiel 21:30 Will I put it back in its holder? I will judge you where you were born, in your homeland.
Ezekiel 21:31 I will let out my anger on you, I will breathe on you with the fire of my anger, and give you to rough men who are good at destroying.
Ezekiel 21:32 You will be fuel for the fire; your blood will be spread across the land; you will be forgotten because I, God, have said so.
