Ezekiel 23 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2023.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 23:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 23:2 Human, there were two sisters from the same mother:
Ezekiel 23:3 In Egypt, they acted immorally; they were immoral since they were young: their bodies were touched, and their virginity was spoiled.
Ezekiel 23:4 The sisters' names were Aholah the older and Aholibah her sister. They belonged to me and had sons and daughters. Their names mean Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem is Aholibah.
Ezekiel 23:5 Aholah acted like a prostitute while she was with me; she was crazy about her lovers, the Assyrians who lived nearby.
Ezekiel 23:6 They wore blue, were leaders and officials, all handsome young men, horsemen riding on horses.
Ezekiel 23:7 She had relations with them, all the favored men of Assyria, and with everyone she desired; she made herself unclean with all their idols.
Ezekiel 23:8 She did not stop the sexual sins she started in Egypt. When she was young, they slept with her, hurt her virgin breasts, and forced their immorality on her.
Ezekiel 23:9 So, I gave her to her lovers, the Assyrians, whom she adored.
Ezekiel 23:10 They saw her nakedness, took her sons and daughters, and killed her with the sword. She became well-known among women because they carried out justice on her.
Ezekiel 23:11 When Aholibah, her sister, saw this, she became even more immoral in her extreme lust than her sister, and in her unfaithfulness, she surpassed her sister's unfaithfulness.
Ezekiel 23:12 She was attracted to her Assyrian neighbors, handsome young men who were commanders and rulers dressed in beautiful clothes, horsemen riding on horses.
Ezekiel 23:13 Then I saw she was corrupted; they both chose the same path.
Ezekiel 23:14 She grew more unfaithful: she saw pictures of men on the wall, drawings of the Chaldeans colored with red.
Ezekiel 23:15 Wearing belts on their waists, with fancy dyed turbans on their heads, all looking like princes, just like the Babylonians from Chaldea, the place where they were born.
Ezekiel 23:16 As soon as she saw them, she longed for them and sent messengers to them in Chaldea.
Ezekiel 23:17 The people from Babylon went to her bed to make love, and by sleeping with her, they made her unclean. She became dirty from being with them, and then she started to dislike them.
Ezekiel 23:18 She revealed her unfaithfulness and exposed herself; then I became disgusted with her, just as I had with her sister.
Ezekiel 23:19 She increased her unfaithfulness, remembering her youth when she acted as a prostitute in Egypt.
Ezekiel 23:20 She was crazy about her lovers, who were as well-endowed as donkeys and ejaculated like stallions.
Ezekiel 23:21 You remembered your wild days as a young woman, when the Egyptians touched your breasts.
Ezekiel 23:22 So, O Aholibah, this is what God says: Look, I will turn your lovers against you, those you no longer care for, and I will bring them against you from all sides.
Ezekiel 23:23 The Babylonians, Chaldeans, Pekod, Shoa, Koa, and all the Assyrians with them were all good-looking young men, leaders and officials, important men and famous, all riding horses.
Ezekiel 23:24 They will attack you with chariots, carts, and wheels, surrounded by a crowd of people ready with protective gear and helmets. I will present your case to them, and they will decide what to do with you following their own rules.
Ezekiel 23:25 I will become very jealous of you, and they will treat you with fierce anger. They will cut off your nose and ears; those left will die by the sword. They will take your sons and daughters, and fire will consume what remains of you.
Ezekiel 23:26 They will also take off your clothes and remove your beautiful jewelry.
Ezekiel 23:27 I will stop your indecency and end the unfaithful ways you brought from Egypt; you will not look to them or think of Egypt again.
Ezekiel 23:28 For this is what God says: Look, I will hand you over to those you hate, to those you feel estranged from.
Ezekiel 23:29 They will treat you with hate, take all you've worked for, and leave you naked and exposed: your shameful acts and unfaithfulness will be revealed.
Ezekiel 23:30 I will do these things to you because you chased after other nations and became unclean with their idols.
Ezekiel 23:31 You have followed your sister's path; so I will make you drink from her cup.
Ezekiel 23:32 God says, "You will drink from your sister's big deep cup; you will be mocked and ridiculed; it holds a lot."
Ezekiel 23:33 You will be filled with drunkenness and sadness, with a cup of shock and ruin, with the cup of your sister Samaria.
Ezekiel 23:34 You will drink it, drain it, break its pieces, and tear off your breasts. I have said it, says God.
Ezekiel 23:35 So God says, because you have forgotten me and ignored me, now you must deal with your bad behavior and your unfaithfulness.
Ezekiel 23:36 God said to me, "Human, will you judge Aholah and Aholibah? Yes, tell them about their horrible acts."
Ezekiel 23:37 They were unfaithful, their hands are bloody, they were unfaithful with their idols, and they made their sons, whom they had for me, go through fire, consuming them.
Ezekiel 23:38 They have also done this to me: they have made my holy place dirty on that same day, and they have disrespected my special days of rest.
Ezekiel 23:39 After they killed their children for their idols, they entered my sacred place on that same day to disrespect it; look, this is what they have done in my house.
Ezekiel 23:40 You also called men from far away, to whom you sent a messenger; and look, they came. You bathed, put on eye makeup, and wore jewelry for them.
Ezekiel 23:41 You sat on a fancy bed with a table set in front of it, where you placed my incense and my oil.
Ezekiel 23:42 A crowd's voice enjoying themselves was with her; and ordinary men brought Sabeans from the desert who put bracelets on their arms and pretty crowns on their heads.
Ezekiel 23:43 I said to the woman known for her many sins, "Will they engage in immoral acts with her, and she with them?"
Ezekiel 23:44 They had sex with her like men do with a prostitute. This is how they treated Aholah and Aholibah, the immoral women.
Ezekiel 23:45 The good men will judge them like unfaithful wives and like women who kill, because they are unfaithful and have blood on their hands.
Ezekiel 23:46 God says, I will send a group against them, and they will be taken away and robbed.
Ezekiel 23:47 The group will throw stones at them and kill them with their swords; they will kill their sons and daughters and burn down their houses.
Ezekiel 23:48 I will stop the shameful behavior in the land so all women learn not to imitate your shamefulness.
Ezekiel 23:49 They will punish you for your bad acts, and you will suffer for worshipping your idols: and you will realize that I am God.
