Ezekiel 24 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2024.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 24:1 In the ninth year, on the tenth day of the tenth month, God's message came to me.
Ezekiel 24:2 Human, write down the name of this day, because today the king of Babylon has attacked Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 24:3 Tell a story to the stubborn people and say to them, "This is what God says: Put a pot on the stove, set it there, and fill it with water."
Ezekiel 24:4 Collect the parts into it, including every good piece, the leg, and the arm; pack it with the best bones.
Ezekiel 24:5 Choose the best of the flock, burn the bones beneath it, cook it thoroughly, and boil the bones in it.
Ezekiel 24:6 So God says: "Trouble waits for the violent city, for the pot filled with filth that remains inside. Take it apart bit by bit; don't spare any of it."
Ezekiel 24:7 Her blood is inside her; she put it on a rock's top; she didn't pour it on the earth to cover it with dust.
Ezekiel 24:8 I did this to make anger rise and to get revenge; I put her blood on a rock where it can't be hidden.
Ezekiel 24:9 So this is what God says: Trouble to the city of blood! I will make a big fire pile.
Ezekiel 24:10 Put on lots of wood, light the fire, cook the meat, season it well, and burn the bones.
Ezekiel 24:11 Place it empty on the coals so that it gets hot, burns, melts away its dirt, and its scum is removed.
Ezekiel 24:12 She wore herself out with lies, and her deep filth didn't leave her: her filth will burn in the fire.
Ezekiel 24:13 In your dirtiness is bad behavior: because I tried to clean you and you were not cleaned, you will not be cleaned from your dirtiness anymore, until I have let my anger rest on you.
Ezekiel 24:14 I, God, have said it: it will happen, and I will do it; I won't change my mind, nor will I feel sorry; based on your actions and what you've done, you will be judged, says God.
Ezekiel 24:15 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 24:16 Human, see, I will take away from you what you love most suddenly: but you must not mourn or cry or let tears fall.
Ezekiel 24:17 Don't cry or mourn for the dead, wear your headband, put on your shoes, don't cover your lips, and don't eat the food given for mourning.
Ezekiel 24:18 I told the people in the morning, and by evening my wife had died. The next morning, I did what I was told to do.
Ezekiel 24:19 And the people asked me, "Won't you tell us what these actions mean for us?"
Ezekiel 24:20 I replied to them, "God's message came to me. He said,"
Ezekiel 24:21 Talk to the people of Israel and say this: God says, "Look, I will let my sanctuary be treated badly. It is your pride, what you love most, and what you feel sorry for. Your children, both sons and daughters, whom you left behind, will die by the sword."
Ezekiel 24:22 Do as I did: do not cover your lips or eat people's bread.
Ezekiel 24:23 You will wear turbans on your heads and shoes on your feet. You will not mourn or cry, but you will waste away because of your sins and grieve among yourselves.
Ezekiel 24:24 Ezekiel is a sign for you: just as he did, you should do the same. When it happens, you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 24:25 Also, you human, when I take away their power, the joy of their pride, what they desire most, and all they think about—their sons and daughters.
Ezekiel 24:26 The person who escapes that day will come to you to make you hear it with your ears.
Ezekiel 24:27 On that day you will be able to speak to the one who has escaped, you will talk and not be silent anymore; you will be a sign to them, and they will know that I am God.
