Ezekiel 25 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2025.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 25:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 25:2 Human, look toward the Ammonites and speak against them.
Ezekiel 25:3 Tell the Ammonites, listen to God's word: This is what God says, "Because you mocked my sanctuary when it was defiled, mocked the land of Israel when it was empty, and mocked the people of Judah when they were taken captive.
Ezekiel 25:4 So, I will give you to the people from the east to own, and they will build their houses in you. They will eat your fruit and drink your milk.
Ezekiel 25:5 I will turn Rabbah into a place for camels to rest, and the Ammonites into a resting place for sheep; and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:6 God says, because you clapped your hands, stomped your feet, and were happy in your heart with all your hate for the land of Israel;
Ezekiel 25:7 So I will reach out my hand against you, and give you as loot to the nations; I will cut you off from the peoples, and make you vanish from the countries: I will destroy you, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:8 God says, "Because Moab and Seir claim, 'Look, the tribe of Judah is like other nations;
Ezekiel 25:9 So, I will expose Moab, starting from its cities on its borders, the best of the land, Bethjeshimoth, Baalmeon, and Kiriathaim.
Ezekiel 25:10 I will give the eastern lands to the men, including the Ammonites' lands, so that no one will remember the Ammonites among the nations.
Ezekiel 25:11 I will punish Moab, and they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:12 God says: Because Edom acted against the people of Judah, seeking revenge and committing great wrongs against them,
Ezekiel 25:13 So God says: I will reach out my hand against Edom, and remove people and animals from it; I will make it empty from Teman, and those from Dedan will die by the sword.
Ezekiel 25:14 I will take revenge on Edom through my people Israel; they will act in Edom with my anger and fury; and they will understand my revenge, says God.
Ezekiel 25:15 God says: Because the Philistines acted for revenge with spiteful hearts, wanting to destroy because of their ancient hatred;
Ezekiel 25:16 So God says: Look, I will reach out my hand against the Philistines, I will wipe out the Cherethites, and remove the survivors of the seashore.
Ezekiel 25:17 I will punish them severely and angrily; and they will know that I am God when I take revenge on them.
