Ezekiel 28 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2028.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 28:1 God's message came to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:2 Human, tell the ruler of Tyre, "God says: Because you are proud and claim, 'I am a god, I sit on a god's throne surrounded by the seas,' but you are just a human, not a god, even though you think you have a god's mind."
Ezekiel 28:3 Look, you are wiser than Daniel; no secret can be hidden from you.
Ezekiel 28:4 With your wisdom and understanding, you have gained wealth, and have collected gold and silver for your treasures.
Ezekiel 28:5 With your great wisdom and trade, you have grown rich, and your heart has become proud because of your wealth.
Ezekiel 28:6 So God says, "Because you think you have the same mind as God;"
Ezekiel 28:7 So, I will send foreigners to attack you, the most feared people from different countries. They will use their swords against all that you have made beautiful with your wisdom, and they will ruin your splendor.
Ezekiel 28:8 They will take you down to the pit, and you will die like those killed at sea.
Ezekiel 28:9 Will you still claim to be God in front of your killer? You will be just a man, not a god, at the mercy of your killer.
Ezekiel 28:10 You will die like those who are not part of God's people, killed by foreigners, because I, God, have said it.
Ezekiel 28:11 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:12 Human, sing a sad song for the king of Tyre, and tell him, "God says, 'You are the perfect example, very wise, and completely beautiful.'"
Ezekiel 28:13 You were in Eden, God's garden; you were covered with every kind of precious stone - red quartz, yellow quartz, diamonds, aquamarine, black quartz, and brown quartz, blue stones, green jewels, and red jewels, and gold. Your musical instruments and flutes were made for you on the day you were created.
Ezekiel 28:14 You are the special angel chosen to protect; I made you this way: you were on God's holy mountain; you walked among the fiery stones.
Ezekiel 28:15 You were perfect in your ways from the day you were created until wrong was found in you.
Ezekiel 28:16 Your many products have brought violence inside you, and you have sinned. So I will throw you out from God's holy mountain, and I will get rid of you, guardian angel, from among the fiery stones.
Ezekiel 28:17 Your heart became proud because of your beauty, and you ruined your wisdom with your shine: I will throw you down, and I will place you before rulers, so they can see you.
Ezekiel 28:18 You have made your holy places unclean with your many sins and your dishonest trade. So I will make fire come out from inside you, it will eat you up, and I will turn you into ashes on the ground for everyone to see.
Ezekiel 28:19 Everyone who knows you among the nations will be shocked at you; you will become a horror, and you will never exist again.
Ezekiel 28:20 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:21 Human, look towards Zidon and speak against it.
Ezekiel 28:22 Say this, God says: Look, I am against you, Zidon; I will show my greatness in you, and people will know that I am God when I bring justice and show my holiness through you.
Ezekiel 28:23 I will bring disease and bloodshed to her streets; the hurt will be punished by the sword all around, and they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 28:24 Israel will no longer be hurt by thorns or suffer from those who scorn them; they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 28:25 God says, when I bring together the people of Israel from where they are spread out among the nations and make myself holy through them in view of the other peoples, they will live in their own land that I gave to my servant Jacob.
Ezekiel 28:26 They will live safely, build houses, and grow grapes; they will live without fear after I punish all who scorn them around them; and they will understand that I am their God.
