Ezekiel 33 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2033.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 33:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 33:2 Human, tell your people, "When God sends war to a country, and the people choose someone from their area to be their lookout:
Ezekiel 33:3 If he sees the sword coming to the land and blows the trumpet to alert the people;
Ezekiel 33:4 If someone hears the trumpet but does not take warning, and the sword comes and takes them away, their own blood is on their head.
Ezekiel 33:5 He heard the trumpet but ignored the warning; it will be his own fault. But the one who listens to the warning will save himself.
Ezekiel 33:6 If the guard sees danger coming and doesn't sound the alarm, and the people aren't warned; if danger comes and takes someone away, that person is taken because of their own wrongs; but I will hold the guard responsible for their death.
Ezekiel 33:7 You, human, I have made you a lookout for Israel; so, listen to what I say and tell them my message.
Ezekiel 33:8 When I tell a bad person, "You will definitely die," if you don't warn them to turn from their bad ways, they will die because of their sins; but I will hold you responsible for their death.
Ezekiel 33:9 However, if you warn the bad person to stop doing wrong and he doesn't stop, he will die because of his sins; but you will have saved yourself.
Ezekiel 33:10 So you, human, tell the people of Israel: You say, 'Our wrongs and sins weigh us down, and we are wasting away because of them. How can we live?'
Ezekiel 33:11 Tell them, as surely as I live, says God, I don't enjoy seeing the wicked die; instead, I want the wicked to stop their bad behavior and live. Stop, stop your evil ways; why do you want to die, O people of Israel?
Ezekiel 33:12 So, you human, tell your people: A good person's good acts won't save him when he does wrong, and a bad person won't be ruined by his badness on the day he stops doing bad. Also, a good person can't stay alive because of his good acts if he sins.
Ezekiel 33:13 When I tell a good person they will live, if they depend on their goodness but do wrong, none of their good acts will be remembered. Because of the wrong they did, they will die.
Ezekiel 33:14 When I tell a bad person they will die but they stop sinning and do what is fair and right;
Ezekiel 33:15 If a bad person gives back what he promised, returns what he stole, follows the rules for living right, and does not sin, he will surely live and not die.
Ezekiel 33:16 None of the sins he committed will be remembered against him: he did what is legal and right; he will surely live.
Ezekiel 33:17 Your people's children say, "God's way is not fair." But really, their own way is not fair.
Ezekiel 33:18 When a good person stops doing what is right and does wrong, they will die because of it.
Ezekiel 33:19 If a bad person stops doing wrong and does what is fair and right, they will live because of it.
Ezekiel 33:20 But you say, "God's way is not fair." O people of Israel, I will judge each of you according to your actions.
Ezekiel 33:21 In the twelfth year of our captivity, on the tenth month and the fifth day, someone who escaped from Jerusalem came to me and said, "The city has been captured."
Ezekiel 33:22 That evening, God's power was on me before the escapee arrived. God had made me able to speak by the time he came in the morning, so I could talk again.
Ezekiel 33:23 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 33:24 Human, the people living in the ruins of Israel say, "Abraham was alone, and he got the land: but we are many; we are given the land as our own."
Ezekiel 33:25 Tell them this: God says, "You eat meat with blood, look up to your idols, and kill people: do you think you can own the land?
Ezekiel 33:26 You rely on your swords, do terrible things, and each of you dishonors another's wife: do you think you will then get the land?
Ezekiel 33:27 Tell them this: God says, "As I live, surely those in the ruins will die by the sword, the one in the open field I will give to the animals to eat, and those in strongholds and caves will die of disease."
Ezekiel 33:28 I will make the land very empty, and its proud power will end; the mountains of Israel will be empty, so no one will pass through.
Ezekiel 33:29 Then they will realize that I am God when I have made the land very empty because of all the terrible things they have done.
Ezekiel 33:30 You, person, your people are talking about you near the walls and in their homes. They say to each other, "Come, let's hear the message from God."
Ezekiel 33:31 They come to you like a crowd does, and they sit before you as if they're my people. They listen to your words but won't follow them. They act loving with their words, but their heart chases after greed.
Ezekiel 33:32 You are like a beautiful song to them, sung by someone with a nice voice who plays an instrument well: they hear your words, but they do not follow them.
Ezekiel 33:33 When this happens—and it will happen—then they will understand that a prophet was with them.
