Ezekiel 42 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%2042.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 42:1 He led me out to the outer courtyard to the north and took me to the room facing the special area, in front of the north-facing building.
Ezekiel 42:2 The north door was 100 cubits long and 50 cubits wide.
Ezekiel 42:3 Opposite the twenty cubits reserved for the inner courtyard, and opposite the pavement for the outer courtyard, there was a three-story gallery facing another gallery.
Ezekiel 42:4 In front of the rooms was a path ten cubits wide inside, one cubit wide; and the doors faced north.
Ezekiel 42:5 The upper rooms were smaller because the walkways were higher than these rooms, the lower, and the middle ones of the building.
Ezekiel 42:6 They had three levels, but no columns like the courtyard columns: so the building was narrower than the bottom and middle levels from the ground.
Ezekiel 42:7 The outside wall, facing the side rooms towards the outer courtyard in front of the rooms, was fifty cubits long.
Ezekiel 42:8 The rooms in the outer courtyard were fifty cubits long, and in front of the temple, they were one hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 42:9 Below these rooms was an entrance on the east side, so one could go into them from the outer courtyard.
Ezekiel 42:10 The rooms were in the thick part of the east side wall of the courtyard, across from the sacred area and the main building.
Ezekiel 42:11 The path in front of them looked like the north-facing rooms, as long and as wide; and all their exits matched their designs and their doors.
Ezekiel 42:12 Near the south-facing rooms, there was an entrance at the beginning of the path, the path that leads straight past the eastern wall as you go into them.
Ezekiel 42:13 He told me, "The rooms to the north and south of the sacred area are holy. The priests who come near to God will eat the most holy offerings there. They will also put the most holy offerings, the grain offerings, the sin offerings, and the guilt offerings there, because the place is holy."
Ezekiel 42:14 When the priests go inside, they must not leave the holy area for the outside courtyard. They must leave their special clothes there because they are sacred. They should change into different clothes to serve the people.
Ezekiel 42:15 After he finished measuring the inner house, he took me to the east-facing gate and measured all around it.
Ezekiel 42:16 He measured the east side, five hundred long sticks, all around with the stick.
Ezekiel 42:17 He measured the north side, 500 long sticks, all around with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:18 He measured the south side, five hundred long sticks, with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:19 He turned to the west side and measured five hundred units with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:20 He measured it on all four sides. It had a wall around it, 500 rods long and 500 rods wide, to separate the holy place from the common area.
