Ezekiel 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Ezekiel/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Ezekiel 6:1 God spoke to me and said,
Ezekiel 6:2 Human, look towards Israel's mountains and speak against them.
Ezekiel 6:3 Speak, mountains of Israel, listen to God's message. God says to the mountains, hills, rivers, and valleys; I will bring a sword against you and destroy your high places.
Ezekiel 6:4 Your altars will be empty, and your statues will be smashed; I will make your dead bodies fall in front of your idols.
Ezekiel 6:5 I will place the dead bodies of the Israelites in front of their idols, and I will spread your bones around your altars.
Ezekiel 6:6 In all the places you live, the cities will be ruined, and the worship sites will be empty; so your altars will be ruined and left empty, your statues will be smashed and stopped, and your symbols will be chopped down, and your creations will be destroyed.
Ezekiel 6:7 The dead will fall among you, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 6:8 I will still leave some of you alive, so you can escape the sword in other nations when you are spread out among the countries.
Ezekiel 6:9 Those who survive among you will remember me in the countries where they are prisoners because I am hurt by their unfaithful hearts that have turned away from me and by their eyes that desire their idols. They will hate themselves for all the wrongs they have done.
Ezekiel 6:10 They will understand that I am God, and that I did not threaten to bring this disaster on them for no reason.
Ezekiel 6:11 God says: Hit with your hand, stomp with your foot, and say, "Oh no, because of all the bad things Israel has done!" They will die by war, hunger, and disease.
Ezekiel 6:12 Someone far away will die from disease; someone close will be killed by the sword; and anyone left and trapped will die from hunger. This is how I will show my anger on them.
Ezekiel 6:13 Then you will know that I am God, when their killed men will be around their idols near their altars, on every high hill, on all mountain peaks, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, where they burned sweet smells for all their idols.
Ezekiel 6:14 I will reach out my hand against them, make their land empty and even more barren than the desert near Diblath, everywhere they live; and they will know that I am God.
