Philemon 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Philemon/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Philemon 1:1 Paul, a prisoner for Jesus Christ, and Timothy, our brother, to Philemon, our dear friend and coworker.
Philemon 1:2 To our dear friend Apphia, and Archippus our comrade in arms, and the church that meets in your home:
Philemon 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:4 I thank God, always mentioning you in my prayers.
Philemon 1:5 Hearing about your love and faith in Jesus, and for all God's people;
Philemon 1:6 May your faith become strong as you realize all the good things we have in Jesus.
Philemon 1:7 We are very happy and comforted by your love, because you, brother, have refreshed the hearts of God's holy people.
Philemon 1:8 Although I could be confident in Christ to instruct you to do what is right,
Philemon 1:9 For love's sake, I prefer to ask you kindly, since I am Paul, an old man, and now also a prisoner for Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:10 I ask you for my son Onesimus, who became my child while I was in chains.
Philemon 1:11 Before, this was not useful to you, but now it is useful to both of us.
Philemon 1:12 I have sent him back to you, so please welcome him, as he is dear to me.
Philemon 1:13 I wanted to keep him with me so he could help me while I am imprisoned for spreading the gospel, doing your work.
Philemon 1:14 I wouldn't do anything without your agreement, so your kindness is freely given, not forced.
Philemon 1:15 Maybe he left for a while so you could have him back forever.
Philemon 1:16 No longer as a servant, but more than a servant, a dear brother, especially to me, but even more to you, in person and in God.
Philemon 1:17 If you consider me a partner, welcome him as you would me.
Philemon 1:18 If he has wronged you or owes you anything, charge it to my account.
Philemon 1:19 I, Paul, wrote this with my own hand and will pay it back. But I won't remind you that you owe me your very self as well.
Philemon 1:20 Yes, brother, let me find joy in you through God: give me comfort and support in God.
Philemon 1:21 Trusting in your willingness to follow, I wrote to you, knowing you will do even more than I ask.
Philemon 1:22 Please also get a room ready for me, because I believe that thanks to your prayers, I will be able to come to you.
Philemon 1:23 Epaphras, who is in prison with me for following Jesus, sends you greetings.
Philemon 1:24 Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, Luke, my fellow workers.
Philemon 1:25 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
