Hebrews 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Hebrews/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Hebrews 1:1 God spoke to our ancestors through the prophets at different times and in various ways in the past.
Hebrews 1:2 In these last days, God has spoken to us through his Son, whom he made the heir of everything and who also created the universe.
Hebrews 1:3 He shines with God's glory and is the exact likeness of God, holding everything together with his powerful word. After he had cleaned away our sins, he sat down at the place of honor beside the great God in heaven.
Hebrews 1:4 He is made much better than the angels because he inherited a more excellent name than theirs.
Hebrews 1:5 To which angel did God ever say, "You are my Son, today I have become your Father"? And again, "I will be his Father, and he will be my Son"?
Hebrews 1:6 When he brings his firstborn into the world, he says, "Let all God's angels worship him."
Hebrews 1:7 About the angels, God says, "He makes his angels spirits, and his servants flames of fire."
Hebrews 1:8 God says to the Son, "Your throne, O God, lasts forever and ever; a scepter of righteousness is the scepter of your kingdom."
Hebrews 1:9 You have loved what is right and hated what is wrong; therefore, God, your God, has chosen you and made you happier than your friends with the oil of joy.
Hebrews 1:10 And, you, God, at the start created the earth's foundation; and you made the skies with your hands.
Hebrews 1:11 They will disappear, but you will last; and they will all grow old like clothes.
Hebrews 1:12 Like clothes you roll up, they will be changed, but you stay the same, and your years will never end.
Hebrews 1:13 But to which angel did God ever say, "Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place to rest your feet"?
Hebrews 1:14 Aren't they all serving spirits, sent to help those who will inherit salvation?
