Hebrews 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Hebrews/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Hebrews 2:1 So we should pay careful attention to what we have heard, so that we don't forget it.
Hebrews 2:2 If the message given by angels was firm, and every wrongdoing and disobedience got a fair punishment;
Hebrews 2:3 How can we escape if we ignore such a great salvation; first announced by the Lord, and confirmed to us by those who heard him?
Hebrews 2:4 God also showed support for them with signs, wonders, various miracles, and gifts of the Holy Spirit, as God wanted.
Hebrews 2:5 God did not give angels control of the future world we talk about.
Hebrews 2:6 Someone in a certain place said, "What is man, that you think about him? Or a human being that you take care of him?"
Hebrews 2:7 You made him a little lower than the angels; you crowned him with glory and honor, and you put him in charge of all you made.
Hebrews 2:8 You have placed everything under his control. Because by making everything under his control, you did not leave anything out of his control. But now we do not see everything under his control yet.
Hebrews 2:9 We see Jesus, made a bit lower than angels to suffer death, now crowned with glory and honor; so by God's kindness, he might experience death for everyone.
Hebrews 2:10 It was right for God, for whom and by whom everything exists, to bring many children to glory by making the leader of their salvation perfect through what he suffered.
Hebrews 2:11 The one who makes holy and those being made holy all have the same Father. That's why he isn't embarrassed to call them brothers.
Hebrews 2:12 I will tell my brothers about you, God; I will sing your praises in the church.
Hebrews 2:13 I will trust in God again. And again, look at me and the children God has given me.
Hebrews 2:14 Since the children have flesh and blood, he too shared in their humanity so that by his death he could defeat the one who had the power of death, that is, the devil.
Hebrews 2:15 Free those who, because they were afraid of death, were slaves their whole lives.
Hebrews 2:16 Truly, he did not take on an angel's nature, but he took on the nature of Abraham's descendants.
Hebrews 2:17 So in every way he had to become like his brothers and sisters, so he could be a kind and trustworthy high priest in matters related to God, and to bring about forgiveness for the people's sins.
Hebrews 2:18 Because he himself was tempted and suffered, he can help those who are tempted.
