Hebrews 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Hebrews/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Hebrews 3:1 Therefore, holy brothers and sisters, who share in the call from heaven, think about Jesus, the messenger and high priest we profess.
Hebrews 3:2 He was loyal to God who chose him, just like Moses was loyal in every part of God's house.
Hebrews 3:3 This man was considered more glorious than Moses, because the one who builds the house is more honored than the house itself.
Hebrews 3:4 Every house is built by someone, but God is the one who built everything.
Hebrews 3:5 Moses was truly loyal in all God's house as a servant, to witness what would be said later.
Hebrews 3:6 But Christ is like a son in charge of his own home, and we are that home if we keep our courage and the joy of our hope strong until the end.
Hebrews 3:7 Therefore, (as God says, today if you listen to his voice,
Hebrews 3:8 Do not make your hearts hard as you did when you tested me in the desert.
Hebrews 3:9 When your ancestors tested me, they saw what I could do for forty years.
Hebrews 3:10 So I was upset with those people and said, "They always go wrong in their hearts; they have never understood my ways."
Hebrews 3:11 I swore in my anger, they will not enter my place of rest.
Hebrews 3:12 Be careful, friends, so none of you have an evil, unbelieving heart that turns away from the living God.
Hebrews 3:13 Encourage each other every day, while it is still called "Today," so that none of you become stubborn because of sin's trickery.
Hebrews 3:14 We share in Christ if we keep our first confidence firm to the end.
Hebrews 3:15 Today, if you will listen to his voice, do not harden your hearts as you did during the rebellion.
Hebrews 3:16 Some who heard God's message made him angry, but not everyone who left Egypt with Moses did so.
Hebrews 3:17 But who made God upset for 40 years? Was it not those who sinned, whose bodies dropped dead in the desert?
Hebrews 3:18 And who did God promise would not enter his place of rest? It was those who did not believe.
Hebrews 3:19 So we understand they couldn't go in because they did not believe.
