Hebrews 4 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Hebrews/Chapter%204.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Hebrews 4:1 Let us be careful then that none of you fail to reach the rest that God promised.
Hebrews 4:2 The good news was told to us just like it was to them. But the message they heard didn't help them, because they didn't trust when they listened.
Hebrews 4:3 We who believe enter into rest, just as God said, "I swore in my anger they would not enter my rest," even though the works were done since the beginning of the world.
Hebrews 4:4 He talked about the seventh day like this: God rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Hebrews 4:5 And in this place again, if they will enter into my peace.
Hebrews 4:6 So, it's clear some people will still enter, but those who first heard the message did not because they did not believe.
Hebrews 4:7 He sets a specific day, calling it "Today," as David did after a long time, saying, "If you hear God's voice today, do not make your hearts stubborn."
Hebrews 4:8 If Jesus had given them rest, he would not have spoken about another day later on.
Hebrews 4:9 So there is still a rest for God's people.
Hebrews 4:10 Whoever enters into rest also stops working just like God did from his own.
Hebrews 4:11 Let us work hard to enter that rest so that no one will fall by following the same path of disbelief.
Hebrews 4:12 God's message is alive, strong, and sharper than any double-edged sword. It cuts deep, even separating the soul and spirit, joints and marrow, and it can tell what the heart thinks and wants.
Hebrews 4:13 No creature is hidden from God; everything is completely exposed to his view.
Hebrews 4:14 Since we have a great priest who has gone into heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let's keep strongly to our faith.
Hebrews 4:15 We don't have a high priest who can't understand our weaknesses; He was tempted in every way just like us, but He did not sin.
Hebrews 4:16 Let us then go confidently to God's throne of grace to receive mercy and find grace that will help us when we need it.
