Mark 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Mark/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Mark 12:1 He started to tell them stories. A man planted a vineyard, put a fence around it, made a pit for the grape juice, built a watchtower, rented it to farmers, and then he went away to another place.
Mark 12:2 During the right time, he sent a worker to the farmers to collect some of the vineyard's fruit from them.
Mark 12:3 They grabbed him, hit him, and sent him away with nothing.
Mark 12:4 He sent them another servant, but they threw stones at him, hurt his head, and sent him away badly treated.
Mark 12:5 He sent another, whom they killed, and many more, beating some and killing others.
Mark 12:6 Still having one beloved son, he sent him to them last, thinking, They will respect my son.
Mark 12:7 But the farmers said to each other, "This is the heir; come, let's kill him, and the inheritance will be ours."
Mark 12:8 They seized him, killed him, and threw him out of the vineyard.
Mark 12:9 What will the owner of the vineyard do then? He will come and destroy the farmers, and will give the vineyard to others.
Mark 12:10 Have you not read this part of the Scripture: The stone the builders did not want is now the most important stone.
Mark 12:11 This was what God did, and it is amazing to us.
Mark 12:12 They tried to arrest him but were afraid of the crowd because they knew the story was about them, so they left him and went away.
Mark 12:13 Some Pharisees and Herodians were sent to trap him by what he said.
Mark 12:14 When they arrived, they said to him, "Teacher, we know you are honest and don't favor anyone, because you don't judge by appearances but teach God's way truthfully: Is it right to pay taxes to Caesar or not?"
Mark 12:15 Should we pay, or shouldn't we? But knowing they were fake, he said to them, "Why are you testing me? Show me a coin so I can look at it."
Mark 12:16 They brought it to him. He asked them, "Whose picture and title is this?" They answered, "Caesar's."
Mark 12:17 Jesus replied, "Give to the leader what belongs to the leader, and to God what belongs to God." They were amazed at him.
Mark 12:18 The Sadducees, who say there is no resurrection, came to him and asked him, saying,
Mark 12:19 Teacher, Moses told us that if a man dies and leaves a wife but no children, his brother should marry the widow and have children for his brother.
Mark 12:20 There were seven brothers. The first married but died without having children.
Mark 12:21 The second brother married her and then died, leaving no children; and the same happened with the third brother.
Mark 12:22 All seven men married her and had no children. Finally, the woman also died.
Mark 12:23 In the resurrection, when they come back to life, whose wife will she be among them? Because all seven were married to her.
Mark 12:24 Jesus answered them, "Aren't you mistaken because you don’t know the scriptures or God's power?"
Mark 12:25 When they rise from the dead, they don't marry or are married off; they are like the angels in heaven.
Mark 12:26 About the dead, that they come back to life: haven't you read in Moses' book, how in the bush God spoke to him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?
Mark 12:27 He is not the God of those who are dead, but the God of those who are alive; you are making a big mistake.
Mark 12:28 A teacher of the law came forward. After hearing them discuss, and noticing Jesus had given good answers, he asked, "What is the most important commandment?"
Mark 12:29 Jesus replied, "The most important commandment is, 'Listen, Israel: God is our only Lord.'"
Mark 12:30 You should love God with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind, and all your strength: this is the first commandment.
Mark 12:31 The second command is this: Love your neighbor as yourself. No other commandment is greater than these.
Mark 12:32 The teacher said to him, "Good, Teacher, you have spoken the truth: there is only one God, and no one else but Him."
Mark 12:33 To love God with all your heart, mind, soul, and strength, and to love others as you love yourself, is more important than any burnt offerings and sacrifices.
Mark 12:34 When Jesus saw he answered wisely, he said to him, "You are close to God's kingdom." After that, no one dared to ask him more questions.
Mark 12:35 Jesus replied while teaching in the temple, "Why do the teachers say that the Messiah is David's son?"
Mark 12:36 David himself, inspired by the Holy Spirit, said, "God told my lord, 'Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place to rest your feet.'"
Mark 12:37 David himself calls him Lord; so how is he his son? And the people liked listening to him.
Mark 12:38 He taught them, "Be careful of the teachers of the law who like to wear long robes and enjoy being greeted with respect in the marketplaces."
Mark 12:39 The best seats in the meeting places, and the places of honor at banquets:
Mark 12:40 They eat up widows' homes and pretend to be pious with long prayers; they will face stricter punishment.
Mark 12:41 Jesus sat opposite the money box and watched how people put money into it; many rich people gave a lot.
Mark 12:42 A poor widow came and put in two small coins, worth a little.
Mark 12:43 He called his followers and told them, "I truly tell you, this poor widow has given more than anyone else who has donated to the treasury."
Mark 12:44 Everyone else gave from their wealth, but she, in her poverty, gave everything she had to live on.
