Mark 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Mark/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Mark 16:1 After the Sabbath ended, Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James, and Salome bought sweet spices to anoint him.
Mark 16:2 Early on the first day of the week, they went to the tomb at sunrise.
Mark 16:3 They asked each other, "Who will move the stone away from the tomb's entrance for us?"
Mark 16:4 When they looked, they saw the stone was moved aside because it was very big.
Mark 16:5 When they went into the tomb, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, wearing a long white robe, and they were scared.
Mark 16:6 He tells them, "Don't be scared. You are looking for Jesus of Nazareth, who was crucified. He has risen; he is not here. Look at the place where they put him."
Mark 16:7 Go and tell his followers and Peter that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him, just as he told you.
Mark 16:8 They quickly left the tomb, shaking and amazed. They didn't say anything to anyone because they were afraid.
Mark 16:9 When Jesus rose early on the first day of the week, he first appeared to Mary Magdalene, who he had freed from seven demons.
Mark 16:10 She went and told those who had been with him while they were sad and crying.
Mark 16:11 When they heard she had seen him alive, they did not believe it.
Mark 16:12 Later, he showed himself in a different way to two of them as they were walking into the countryside.
Mark 16:13 They went and told the others, but the others did not believe them.
Mark 16:14 Later, he showed up to the eleven disciples while they were eating and scolded them for their lack of faith and stubbornness, because they didn't believe those who had seen him after he came back to life.
Mark 16:15 He told them, "Go into the whole world and tell the good news to everyone."
Mark 16:16 Anyone who believes and is baptized will be saved; but anyone who does not believe will be condemned.
Mark 16:17 People who believe will have these signs: They will drive out demons in my name; they will speak in new languages.
Mark 16:18 They will pick up snakes; and if they drink something poisonous, it will not harm them; they will touch the sick, and they will get better.
Mark 16:19 After the Lord spoke to them, he went up to heaven and sat at the right side of God.
Mark 16:20 They went out and shared the message everywhere, with God helping them, and showed that it was true by the miracles that happened. Amen.
