Mark 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Mark/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Mark 3:1 He went into the synagogue again, and there was a man there with a crippled hand.
Mark 3:2 They watched to see if he would heal the man on the Sabbath so they could accuse him.
Mark 3:3 He said to the man with the crippled hand, "Stand up."
Mark 3:4 He asked them, "Is it right to do good on the Sabbath, or to do bad? To save a life, or to kill?" But they were silent.
Mark 3:5 When he saw them with anger, upset because their hearts were hard, he told the man, "Stretch out your hand." He did so, and his hand was healed and became like the other one.
Mark 3:6 The Pharisees left and immediately planned with the Herodians how to get rid of him.
Mark 3:7 Jesus went away to the sea with his disciples, and a large crowd from Galilee and Judea followed him.
Mark 3:8 From Jerusalem, from Idumaea, from across the Jordan, and from around Tyre and Sidon, a large crowd came to him when they heard about the amazing things he did.
Mark 3:9 He told his disciples to have a small boat ready for him to keep the crowd from crowding him.
Mark 3:10 He had healed so many people that they crowded around him, hoping to touch him, all those who were sick with diseases.
Mark 3:11 Evil spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and shouted, "You are the Son of God."
Mark 3:12 He strongly ordered them not to tell anyone about him.
Mark 3:13 He went up a mountain and called those he chose, and they went to him.
Mark 3:14 He chose twelve to stay with him and to send them out to teach.
Mark 3:15 To have the ability to cure diseases and drive out demons.
Mark 3:16 Simon was nicknamed Peter.
Mark 3:17 James, Zebedee's son, and John, James' brother, were named by him Sons of Thunder.
Mark 3:18 Andrew, Philip, Bartholomew, Matthew, Thomas, James son of Alphaeus, Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,
Mark 3:19 Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him, was also there; and they entered a house.
Mark 3:20 The crowd gathered again, so much that they couldn't even eat.
Mark 3:21 When his friends heard this, they came to take control of him because they said, "He is out of his mind."
Mark 3:22 The teachers of the law who came from Jerusalem said, "He has Beelzebub, and by the ruler of demons he drives out demons."
Mark 3:23 He called them over and told them using simple stories, "How can Satan drive out Satan?"
Mark 3:24 If a kingdom fights within itself, that kingdom cannot last.
Mark 3:25 If a house is split within, that house can't last.
Mark 3:26 If Satan fights against himself and is split apart, he cannot last, but will come to an end.
Mark 3:27 No one can go into a strong man's house and take his things unless he first ties up the strong man; then he can rob his house.
Mark 3:28 I tell you the truth, all sins and insults against God will be forgiven for people.
Mark 3:29 Whoever speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven and is at risk of never-ending punishment.
Mark 3:30 They said he has a bad spirit.
Mark 3:31 His brothers and mother came and, standing outside, they sent someone in to call him.
Mark 3:32 A crowd sat around him, and they told him, "Look, your mother and your brothers outside are looking for you."
Mark 3:33 He replied to them, "Who is my mother or my brothers?"
Mark 3:34 He looked around at those sitting nearby and said, "Look, here are my mother and my brothers!"
Mark 3:35 Anyone who does what God wants is like my brother, my sister, and my mother.
