Job 42 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Job/Chapter%2042.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Job 42:1 Then Job replied to God, saying,
Job 42:2 I know you can do everything, and no thought can be hidden from you.
Job 42:3 Who hides wise plans without understanding? So I spoke of things I did not understand, wonders beyond me that I did not know.
Job 42:4 Please listen, and I will talk: I will ask you questions, and you tell me the answers.
Job 42:5 I have heard about you from others, but now I see you with my own eyes.
Job 42:6 So I dislike myself and change my ways, feeling sad as if I were sitting in dust and ashes.
Job 42:7 After God spoke these words to Job, God said to Eliphaz the Temanite, "I am angry with you and your two friends because you did not speak truthfully about me, as my servant Job did."
Job 42:8 Take seven bulls and seven rams to my servant Job and make a burnt offering for yourselves. Job will pray for you, and I will accept him. Otherwise, I will punish you for your foolish words about me, unlike my servant Job, who spoke what is right.
Job 42:9 Eliphaz from Teman, Bildad from Shuah, and Zophar from Naamah went and did what God told them to; God also accepted Job.
Job 42:10 God ended Job's suffering when he prayed for his friends; God also gave Job twice as much as he had before.
Job 42:11 All his brothers and sisters and former friends came to visit him. They ate with him in his home, felt sorry for him, and comforted him because of all the bad things that God had let happen to him. Each person also gave him some money and a gold earring.
Job 42:12 So God blessed Job more in the end than at the start: he had fourteen thousand sheep, six thousand camels, a thousand pairs of oxen, and a thousand female donkeys.
Job 42:13 He also had seven sons and three daughters.
Job 42:14 He named the first Jemima, the second Kezia, and the third Kerenhappuch.
Job 42:15 In the whole country, no women were as beautiful as Job's daughters, and their father gave them property along with their brothers.
Job 42:16 After this, Job lived 140 years and saw his children, his grandchildren, and even to four generations.
Job 42:17 Job died when he was very old and had lived a long life.
