Job 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Job/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Job 5:1 Call now; see if anyone will answer you; to which holy person will you turn?
Job 5:2 Anger kills the foolish person, and jealousy kills the naive one.
Job 5:3 I saw the fool grow strong, but quickly I said his home would fail.
Job 5:4 His children are not safe, they are beaten down at the city entrance, and no one is there to save them.
Job 5:5 The hungry eat what they harvest and take it from the thorns, while thieves consume their wealth.
Job 5:6 Trouble doesn't come from the dust, nor does problem grow from the ground.
Job 5:7 A person is born to face trouble, just like sparks rise up.
Job 5:8 I would ask God for help, and to God, I would entrust my problems.
Job 5:9 God does great things beyond understanding and countless wonders.
Job 5:10 God gives rain on the earth and sends water to the fields.
Job 5:11 To lift up those who are down and to raise those who grieve to a place of safety.
Job 5:12 He ruins the plans of the clever, so they can't succeed in what they do.
Job 5:13 God catches the clever in their tricks, and the plans of the deceitful rush to an end.
Job 5:14 They face darkness during the day and fumble at noon as if it were night.
Job 5:15 God saves the poor from violence, from being spoken against, and from the power of the strong.
Job 5:16 So the poor have hope, and wrongdoing is silenced.
Job 5:17 Look, the person whom God corrects is happy, so do not hate God's discipline.
Job 5:18 God causes pain and then heals; He injures, but His hands also heal.
Job 5:19 God will rescue you from six disasters; even in seven, no harm will come to you.
Job 5:20 In hunger, God will save you from death, and in battle, from the sword's force.
Job 5:21 You will be protected from harmful words, and you won't fear disaster when it arrives.
Job 5:22 When disaster and hunger come, you will laugh; you won't be scared of the earth's wild animals.
Job 5:23 You will have an agreement with the stones of the field: and the wild animals will be peaceful with you.
Job 5:24 You will know that your home will be safe; you will check on your place and will not do wrong.
Job 5:25 You will also know that your descendants will be many and your children will cover the earth like grass.
Job 5:26 You will reach old age and die, just like corn is harvested when it's ready.
Job 5:27 Look, we have checked this, so it is true; listen to it, and understand it for your benefit.
