1 John 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/1%20John/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

1 John 5:1 Anyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God, and everyone who loves the parent also loves the child.
1 John 5:2 We know that we love God's children when we love God and follow His rules.
1 John 5:3 God's love means we follow his rules, and his rules aren't hard to follow.
1 John 5:4 Everything born of God defeats the world, and our faith is the victory that defeats the world.
1 John 5:5 Who is it that defeats the world, if not the person who believes that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 John 5:6 This is the one who came by water and blood, Jesus Christ; not only by water but by water and blood. And the Spirit is the one who shows this is true, because the Spirit is truth.
1 John 5:7 There are three in heaven who testify: the Father, the Word, and the Holy Spirit, and these three are one.
1 John 5:8 There are three things on earth that show the truth: the Spirit, the water, and the blood, and they all agree.
1 John 5:9 If we accept human testimony, God's testimony is even greater: because this is what God has said about his Son.
1 John 5:10 Whoever believes in God's Son has the proof within themselves; but whoever does not believe God has called him a liar, because they do not believe the testimony God has given about his Son.
1 John 5:11 This is what has been recorded: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:12 Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.
1 John 5:13 I have written these things to you who believe in the name of God’s Son; so that you may know you have eternal life, and continue to believe in the name of God’s Son.
1 John 5:14 We are sure that if we ask for anything that God wants, he listens to us.
1 John 5:15 If we know that God listens to us, whatever we ask, we know that we get the things we asked from Him.
1 John 5:16 If anyone sees their brother or sister commit a sin that does not lead to death, they should pray, and God will give them life. This is for those whose sin does not lead to death. There is a sin that leads to death; I'm not saying to pray about that.
1 John 5:17 Every wrong action is a sin, but not all sins lead to death.
1 John 5:18 We know that whoever is born of God does not sin; but the one born of God protects himself, and the evil one cannot harm him.
1 John 5:19 We know we belong to God, while the whole world is trapped in evil.
1 John 5:20 We know that the Son of God has come and has given us the ability to know the true God. We are united with the true God through his Son, Jesus Christ. He is the real God and eternal life.
1 John 5:21 Young ones, stay away from false gods. So be it.
