2 Peter 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/2%20Peter/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Peter 1:1 Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, writes to those who share our valuable faith, given through the goodness of God and Jesus Christ our Savior.
2 Peter 1:2 May grace and peace grow for you by knowing God and Jesus our Lord.
2 Peter 1:3 God's divine power has given us everything we need for life and goodness, through knowing him who called us to glory and excellence.
2 Peter 1:4 God has given us very great and valuable promises, so that through them you can share in God's nature, free from the world's corruption caused by human desires.
2 Peter 1:5 Also, try your best and add goodness to your faith; and to goodness, add knowledge.
2 Peter 1:6 Add self-control to your knowledge; and to self-control, add patience; and to patience, add devotion to God.
2 Peter 1:7 Add to being godly, kindness to others; and to kindness to others, love.
2 Peter 1:8 If these things are in you and grow, they will make sure you are not empty or unproductive in knowing our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:9 But if someone doesn't have these qualities, they are blind, can't see far, and have forgotten they were cleansed from their past sins.
2 Peter 1:10 So, my friends, work hard to confirm your calling and choice, because if you do these things, you will never stumble.
2 Peter 1:11 This way, you will be given a rich welcome into the eternal kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:12 So I will always remind you of these things, even though you know them and are firm in the truth you have now.
2 Peter 1:13 Yes, I believe it's right, as long as I'm in this body, to remind you and keep you thinking.
2 Peter 1:14 I know that soon I must leave this body, just as Jesus Christ has shown me.
2 Peter 1:15 I will try to make sure that after I die, you can always remember these things.
2 Peter 1:16 We didn't follow cleverly made-up stories when we told you about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ; we saw his greatness with our own eyes.
2 Peter 1:17 He got honor and glory from God the Father when a voice from the magnificent glory said to him, "This is my dear Son, who makes me happy."
2 Peter 1:18 We heard this voice from heaven when we were with him on the holy mountain.
2 Peter 1:19 We also have a more certain message from the prophets. You do well to pay attention to it, like a light shining in a dark place, until the day breaks and the morning star rises in your hearts.
2 Peter 1:20 Understand this: No prophecy in the Bible comes from someone's own explanation.
2 Peter 1:21 The prophecy did not come long ago by human will, but holy men spoke from God as they were inspired by the Holy Spirit.
