2 Samuel 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Samuel/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Samuel 16:1 When David had just gone over the hilltop, Ziba, who worked for Mephibosheth, came to meet him. He had two saddled donkeys with him, as well as two hundred loaves of bread, one hundred bunches of raisins, one hundred summer fruits, and a bottle of wine.
2 Samuel 16:2 The king asked Ziba, "What are these for?" Ziba answered, "The donkeys are for the king's family to ride; the bread and summer fruit are for the young men to eat; and the wine is for anyone who is weak in the desert to drink."
2 Samuel 16:3 The king asked, "Where is your master's son?" Ziba told the king, "He is staying in Jerusalem, because he believes that today, Israel will give him back my father's kingdom."
2 Samuel 16:4 Then the king told Ziba, "Look, everything that belonged to Mephibosheth is now yours." And Ziba replied, "I hope to find favor in your eyes, my lord, O king."
2 Samuel 16:5 When King David reached Bahurim, a man from Saul's family named Shimei, the son of Gera, came out. He kept cursing as he approached.
2 Samuel 16:6 He threw stones at David and all of King David's servants; all the people and brave warriors were to his right and left.
2 Samuel 16:7 Shimei cursed, saying, "Get out, get out, you murderer, you worthless man!"
2 Samuel 16:8 God has brought back all the bloodshed of Saul's family, which you ruled after, onto you; and God has given your kingdom to Absalom, your son. Now you are caught because of your violence, for you are a man of bloodshed.
2 Samuel 16:9 Abishai, Zeruiah's son, said to the king, "Why should this worthless man insult my king? Please let me go and cut off his head."
2 Samuel 16:10 The king asked, "Why should I bother with you, sons of Zeruiah? Let him curse me if God told him to curse David. Who can question why he does it?"
2 Samuel 16:11 David said to Abishai and all his servants, "Look, my own son wants to kill me. So even more, this man from Benjamin might do it. Let him be and let him curse, because God has told him to."
2 Samuel 16:12 Maybe God will see my suffering and reward me with good for being cursed today.
2 Samuel 16:13 As David and his men traveled, Shimei walked on the hillside opposite them, cursed them as he moved, threw stones, and scattered dust at them.
2 Samuel 16:14 The king and everyone with him arrived tired and rested there.
2 Samuel 16:15 Absalom and all the Israelite men came to Jerusalem with Ahithophel.
2 Samuel 16:16 When Hushai the Archite, David's friend, came to Absalom, Hushai said to Absalom, "May God protect the king, may God protect the king."
2 Samuel 16:17 Absalom asked Hushai, "Is this how you show loyalty to your friend? Why didn't you go with your friend?"
2 Samuel 16:18 Hushai told Absalom, "No; I will serve the one God and the people of Israel choose, and I will stay with him."
2 Samuel 16:19 Again, who should I serve? Shouldn't I serve before his son? Just as I served before your father, I will serve before you.
2 Samuel 16:20 Absalom said to Ahithophel, "Tell us what we should do."
2 Samuel 16:21 Ahithophel told Absalom to sleep with his father's concubines, who were left to take care of the house. Then everyone in Israel will know that his father is against him, which will make everyone supporting him feel stronger.
2 Samuel 16:22 They set up a tent for Absalom on the roof, and Absalom slept with his father's women for all Israel to see.
2 Samuel 16:23 Ahithophel's advice back then was so good, it was like asking God directly. Both David and Absalom valued all of Ahithophel's advice.
