2 Samuel 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Samuel/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Samuel 20:1 A bad man named Sheba, Bichri's son from the tribe of Benjamin, was there. He blew a trumpet and shouted, "We don't belong with David or share in Jesse's son's inheritance. Everyone go home, Israel!"
2 Samuel 20:2 Every man of Israel left David and followed Sheba, Bichri's son. But the men of Judah stayed loyal to their king, from the Jordan River to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 20:3 David returned to his home in Jerusalem; he brought the ten women - his concubines he left to look after the house - and placed them under guard, providing food for them, but he did not sleep with them. They lived in confinement until they died as widows.
2 Samuel 20:4 The king told Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah in three days and make sure you are here."
2 Samuel 20:5 So Amasa went to gather the men of Judah, but he took longer than the time he was given.
2 Samuel 20:6 David told Abishai, "Sheba, Bichri's son, will cause us more trouble than Absalom did. Take your master's men and go after him, or he'll find strong cities to hide in and slip away from us."
2 Samuel 20:7 Joab's soldiers, the Cherethites, the Pelethites, and all the strong warriors left Jerusalem to chase Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:8 When they were at the big rock in Gibeon, Amasa walked ahead. Joab wore his coat with a belt tied around it, and a sword in its sheath on his hips; as he moved, it dropped out.
2 Samuel 20:9 Joab asked Amasa, "Are you well, my brother?" Then Joab grabbed Amasa's beard with his right hand to kiss him.
2 Samuel 20:10 Amasa did not notice the sword in Joab's hand; Joab stabbed him in the side, his insides spilled out, and he did not stab him again; Amasa died. Joab and his brother Abishai chased after Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:11 One of Joab's soldiers stood there and said, "Anyone who supports Joab or is on David's side should follow Joab."
2 Samuel 20:12 Amasa was rolling in blood in the middle of the road. When the man noticed that everyone stopped, he took Amasa off the road into the field and covered him with a cloth because he saw that everyone passing by stopped.
2 Samuel 20:13 After he was moved from the road, all the people followed Joab to chase after Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:14 He traveled through all Israel's tribes to Abel, Bethmaachah, and the Berite lands. They joined together and followed him.
2 Samuel 20:15 They surrounded him at Abel Bethmaachah, built a ramp against the city which reached the outer wall, and all Joab's troops attacked the wall to knock it down.
2 Samuel 20:16 A smart woman from the city shouted, "Listen, please ask Joab to come here so I can talk to him."
2 Samuel 20:17 When he got close to her, the woman asked, "Are you Joab?" He replied, "Yes, I am." Then she said to him, "Listen to what I have to say." He answered, "I am listening."
2 Samuel 20:18 Then she said, "People used to say long ago, 'They will definitely seek advice at Abel,' and that's how they settled the issue."
2 Samuel 20:19 I am one of those who are peaceful and loyal in Israel; you want to destroy a city and a mother in Israel: why do you want to consume God's heritage?
2 Samuel 20:20 Joab replied, "No, no way; I don't want to ruin or destroy anything."
2 Samuel 20:21 This isn't true: a man from the hill country of Ephraim, named Sheba son of Bichri, has turned against the king, against David. Give us just him, and I will leave the city. The woman told Joab, Look, his head will be thrown to you over the wall.
2 Samuel 20:22 The woman shared her wise plan with everyone. They beheaded Sheba, son of Bichri, and threw his head to Joab. Joab sounded the trumpet, and everyone left the city to go to their own tents. Then Joab went back to see the king in Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 20:23 Joab led all of Israel's army; Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, led the Cherethites and Pelethites.
2 Samuel 20:24 Adoram was in charge of forced labor, and Jehoshaphat, Ahilud's son, was the historian.
2 Samuel 20:25 Sheva was the secretary; Zadok and Abiathar were the priests.
2 Samuel 20:26 Ira the Jairite was also a leading official in David's service.
