2 Samuel 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Samuel/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Samuel 6:1 David brought together thirty thousand select men of Israel again.
2 Samuel 6:2 David got up and went with everyone from Baale of Judah to move the ark of God with the name called God of the armies who lives among the cherubim.
2 Samuel 6:3 They placed God's ark on a new cart and took it from Abinadab's house in Gibeah. Abinadab's sons, Uzzah and Ahio, guided the new cart.
2 Samuel 6:4 They took it from Abinadab's house in Gibeah, going with God's box, and Ahio walked in front of it.
2 Samuel 6:5 David and everyone from Israel made music for God with all kinds of wooden instruments, like harps, lyres, drums, flutes, and cymbals.
2 Samuel 6:6 When they reached Nachon's threshing floor, Uzzah reached out to the Ark of God and grabbed it because the oxen stumbled.
2 Samuel 6:7 God became very angry with Uzzah and struck him down because of his mistake, and Uzzah died there next to the ark of God.
2 Samuel 6:8 David was upset because God had punished Uzzah, and he named that place Perezuzzah, which it is still called today.
2 Samuel 6:9 David was scared of God that day and asked, "How can the ark of God come to me?"
2 Samuel 6:10 So David did not take God's chest to his city, but he took it to the house of Obededom from Gath.
2 Samuel 6:11 The chest of God stayed in the home of Obededom the Gittite for three months, and God blessed Obededom and his whole family.
2 Samuel 6:12 Someone told King David, "God has blessed Obededom's house and everything he has because of the ark of God." So David went and happily moved the ark of God from Obededom's house to the city of David.
2 Samuel 6:13 When those carrying the ark of God had walked six steps, he offered oxen and fattened animals as sacrifices.
2 Samuel 6:14 David danced before God with all his strength, wearing a linen garment.
2 Samuel 6:15 So David and all of Israel's family moved the ark of God with loud cheers and trumpet blasts.
2 Samuel 6:16 As God's ark entered David's city, Saul's daughter Michal saw King David jumping and dancing before God through a window and she felt contempt for him inside.
2 Samuel 6:17 They brought God's ark and put it where it should be, in the tent David set up for it. David made burnt offerings and peace offerings to God.
2 Samuel 6:18 After David finished offering burnt and peace offerings, he blessed the people in God's name.
2 Samuel 6:19 He gave out to everyone there, both women and men, a loaf of bread, a good serving of meat, and a bottle of wine. Then all the people went home.
2 Samuel 6:20 David went back to bless his family. Michal, Saul's daughter, met David and said, "The king of Israel looked foolish today, exposing himself in front of the servant girls like a shameless man!"
2 Samuel 6:21 David said to Michal, "I did it for God, who picked me instead of your dad and his family to be the leader of God's people, Israel. That's why I will celebrate before God."
2 Samuel 6:22 I will be even more undignified than this, and I will be humble in my own eyes. But by the female servants you mentioned, I will be respected.
2 Samuel 6:23 So Michal, Saul's daughter, had no children until she died.
