2 Samuel 8 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Samuel/Chapter%208.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Samuel 8:1 After this, David defeated the Philistines and brought them under control; David also captured Methegammah from the Philistines.
2 Samuel 8:2 He defeated the Moabites and used a rope to measure them, laying them on the ground. Those measured by two lengths of rope were killed, and those by one length were spared. Thus, the Moabites served David and brought him presents.
2 Samuel 8:3 David struck Hadadezer, Rehob's son and king of Zobah, while he was trying to take back his territory at the Euphrates River.
2 Samuel 8:4 David captured from him a thousand chariots, seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand soldiers. David crippled all the chariot horses, but saved enough for one hundred chariots.
2 Samuel 8:5 When the Syrians from Damascus helped Hadadezer, the king of Zobah, David killed twenty-two thousand Syrian men.
2 Samuel 8:6 David placed military camps in Damascus, Syria, and the Syrians worked for David and gave him presents. God protected David everywhere he went.
2 Samuel 8:7 David took the gold shields from Hadadezer's servants and brought them to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 8:8 From Betah and Berothai, towns of Hadadezer, King David captured a lot of bronze.
2 Samuel 8:9 When Toi, the king of Hamath, learned that David had defeated the entire army of Hadadezer,
2 Samuel 8:10 Then Toi sent his son Joram to King David to greet him and bless him because he had fought against Hadadezer and defeated him; Hadadezer had been at war with Toi. Joram brought with him silver, gold, and bronze items.
2 Samuel 8:11 King David also set apart for God the silver and gold he had dedicated from all the nations he conquered.
2 Samuel 8:12 From Syria, Moab, the Ammonites, the Philistines, Amalek, and the loot from Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.
2 Samuel 8:13 David became famous when he returned from defeating the Syrians in the Salt Valley, where he had killed eighteen thousand men.
2 Samuel 8:14 He placed guards in Edom; he put guards all over Edom, and everyone in Edom served David. God protected David wherever he went.
2 Samuel 8:15 David ruled over all Israel and he gave fair decisions and justice to all his people.
2 Samuel 8:16 Joab, son of Zeruiah, was in command of the army, and Jehoshaphat, son of Ahilud, was the record keeper.
2 Samuel 8:17 Zadok, Ahitub's son, and Ahimelech, Abiathar's son, were priests; Seraiah was the secretary.
2 Samuel 8:18 Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, led both the Cherethites and Pelethites; David's sons were the main leaders.
