Joshua 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Joshua/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Joshua 1:1 After Moses, God's servant, died, God spoke to Joshua, Nun's son and Moses' assistant, saying,
Joshua 1:2 Moses, my servant, has died; now get up, cross the Jordan River, you and all these people, to the land I am giving to the Israelites.
Joshua 1:3 Every place where you step, I have given it to you, just as I promised Moses.
Joshua 1:4 From the desert and Lebanon to the big river, the Euphrates, all the Hittite land, and to the big sea where the sun sets, this will be your border.
Joshua 1:5 No one will be able to defeat you as long as you live. Just like I was with Moses, I will be with you; I won't let you down or abandon you.
Joshua 1:6 Be brave and confident, because you will give this nation the land as their inheritance that I promised to their ancestors.
Joshua 1:7 Be strong and brave, follow all the laws Moses gave you without turning from them, and you will succeed wherever you go.
Joshua 1:8 Keep this book of rules always in your speech; think about it all the time so you can be careful to do everything written in it. Then you'll succeed and do well.
Joshua 1:9 Didn't I command you? Be strong and brave; don't be scared or discouraged, for God is with you wherever you go.
Joshua 1:10 Joshua told the people's leaders, "
Joshua 1:11 Go through the camp and tell the people to get their food ready. In three days, you will cross the Jordan River to take over the land that God is giving you.
Joshua 1:12 Joshua spoke to the Reubenites, the Gadites, and half of the tribe of Manasseh, saying,
Joshua 1:13 Remember what Moses, God's servant, told you: God has given you rest and has given you this land.
Joshua 1:14 Your wives, children, and animals will stay in the land Moses gave you east of the Jordan River; but you must go ahead of your fellow Israelites ready for battle, all the brave soldiers, and help them.
Joshua 1:15 Stay until God gives your brothers rest, as he did for you, and they take over the land that God is giving them. After that, go back to your own land, which Moses, God's servant, gave you on the east side of the Jordan River where the sun rises.
Joshua 1:16 They told Joshua, "We will do everything you command, and we will go wherever you send us."
Joshua 1:17 Just like we listened to Moses in everything, we will listen to you too. But may God be with you just as he was with Moses.
Joshua 1:18 Anyone who disobeys your orders and doesn't listen to your words in everything you tell him must be put to death. Just be strong and brave.
