Joshua 10 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Joshua/Chapter%2010.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Joshua 10:1 When Adonizedec, the king of Jerusalem, heard that Joshua had captured Ai and completely destroyed it, just as he did to Jericho and its king, and that the people of Gibeon had made peace with Israel and were living with them,
Joshua 10:2 They were very afraid because Gibeon was a big city like the king's cities, larger than Ai, and all its men were strong.
Joshua 10:3 So Adonizedec, the king of Jerusalem, sent a message to Hoham, the king of Hebron; Piram, the king of Jarmuth; Japhia, the king of Lachish; and Debir, the king of Eglon, saying,
Joshua 10:4 Come up to me, and help me, so we can defeat Gibeon because it has made peace with Joshua and the people of Israel.
Joshua 10:5 So the five Amorite kings – the kings of Jerusalem, Hebron, Jarmuth, Lachish, and Eglon – united their armies and camped at Gibeon to attack it.
Joshua 10:6 The men of Gibeon sent a message to Joshua at the camp in Gilgal, saying, "Don't stop helping your servants; come to us fast, and save us, and help us, because all the Amorite kings who live in the mountains have joined together against us."
Joshua 10:7 Joshua went up from Gilgal with all the soldiers and brave warriors.
Joshua 10:8 God said to Joshua, "Don't be afraid of them, because I have given them over to you. Not one of them will be able to resist you."
Joshua 10:9 Joshua quickly went to them, traveling from Gilgal all night.
Joshua 10:10 God confused them before Israel, and killed many at Gibeon, and chased them on the road to Bethhoron, and struck them down to Azekah and Makkedah.
Joshua 10:11 As they ran away from Israel, heading toward Bethhoron, God made large stones fall from the sky onto them up to Azekah, and many died. More were killed by the hailstones than by the Israelites' swords.
Joshua 10:12 Then Joshua spoke to God when God gave the Amorites to Israel, and he said where Israel could see, "Sun, stop over Gibeon; and Moon, in the valley of Ajalon."
Joshua 10:13 The sun stopped, and the moon paused, until the people got revenge on their enemies. Isn't this recorded in the Book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the sky and didn't set for about a full day.
Joshua 10:14 There had never been a day like it before or after, when God listened to a human voice, because God fought for Israel.
Joshua 10:15 Joshua went back, and all Israel with him, to the camp at Gilgal.
Joshua 10:16 But these five kings ran away and hid in a cave at Makkedah.
Joshua 10:17 Someone told Joshua, "The five kings are hiding in a cave at Makkedah."
Joshua 10:18 Joshua said, "Put big rocks over the cave entrance and have men guard it."
Joshua 10:19 Do not stop, but chase your enemies and strike those at the back; do not let them go into their cities: for God has given them into your control.
Joshua 10:20 When Joshua and the Israelites finished killing them until they were all dead, the survivors went to fortified cities.
Joshua 10:21 All the people went back to the camp with Joshua at Makkedah safely; no one said anything bad about the Israelites.
Joshua 10:22 Joshua said, "Open the cave and bring those five kings out to me."
Joshua 10:23 They did that and brought out the five kings to him from the cave: the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon.
Joshua 10:24 When they took the kings to Joshua, Joshua told the Israelite men and the captains of the soldiers with him, "Come close, step on these kings' necks." They came close and stepped on their necks.
Joshua 10:25 Joshua told them, "Don't be afraid or discouraged. Be strong and brave. This is how God will treat all your enemies you fight against."
Joshua 10:26 Afterward, Joshua struck them, killed them, and hung them on five trees, where they stayed until evening.
Joshua 10:27 When the sun was setting, Joshua ordered, and they took the bodies down from the trees, threw them into the cave where they had been hidden and put big rocks at the entrance of the cave, which are still there today.
Joshua 10:28 On that day Joshua captured Makkedah, defeated it with the sword, and completely destroyed its king, everyone in it; he left no one alive. He treated the king of Makkedah just like he did the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:29 Joshua moved on from Makkedah with all Israel to Libnah and fought against it.
Joshua 10:30 God gave the city and its king to Israel; they struck it with the sword, killing everyone there. No one was left alive, just as they did to the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:31 Joshua moved from Libnah with all of Israel to Lachish, set up camp there, and fought against it.
Joshua 10:32 God gave Lachish to Israel, and on the second day, they captured it, struck it with the sword, and killed everyone inside, just as they had done to Libnah.
Joshua 10:33 Horam, king of Gezer, came to help Lachish, but Joshua defeated him and his people, leaving no survivors.
Joshua 10:34 Joshua moved from Lachish to Eglon with all Israel, and they set up camp there and attacked it.
Joshua 10:35 On that day, they captured it and struck it with the sword's blade, and he completely destroyed everyone in it, just like he had done to Lachish.
Joshua 10:36 Joshua left Eglon with all the Israelites and went to Hebron, where they battled it.
Joshua 10:37 They captured it and struck it with the sword's edge, including its king, all its cities, and everyone inside. None were left alive, just as they had done to Eglon. They completely destroyed it and everyone inside.
Joshua 10:38 Joshua went back and all Israel with him to Debir, and they fought against it.
Joshua 10:39 He took the city, its king, and all its towns. They struck them with the sword and completely destroyed everyone there. He spared no one. Just as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir and its king, and also to Libnah and its king.
Joshua 10:40 Joshua defeated the entire area of the hills, the south, the valleys, and the springs, along with all their kings. He didn't leave anyone alive but completely wiped out every living thing, just as God of Israel had commanded.
Joshua 10:41 Joshua defeated them from Kadesh Barnea to Gaza, and all the area of Goshen, up to Gibeon.
Joshua 10:42 Joshua captured all these kings and their lands at once, because God was fighting for Israel.
Joshua 10:43 Joshua went back, and all Israel with him, to the camp at Gilgal.
