Joshua 11 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Joshua/Chapter%2011.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Joshua 11:1 When Jabin, the king of Hazor, heard what happened, he sent messages to Jobab, the king of Madon, and to the kings of Shimron and Achshaph.
Joshua 11:2 To the kings in the north mountains, the southern plains near Chinneroth, the valley, and near Dor to the west,
Joshua 11:3 To the Canaanite in the east and west, the Amorite, Hittite, Perizzite, Jebusite in the mountains, and Hivite near Hermon in Mizpeh.
Joshua 11:4 They left with all their groups, a huge crowd like the sand on the seashore, with many horses and chariots.
Joshua 11:5 When all these kings joined forces, they gathered and set up camp at Merom's waters to battle Israel.
Joshua 11:6 God told Joshua, "Don't be afraid of them. Tomorrow at this time, I will make sure they are all defeated before Israel. You will disable their horses, and burn their chariots."
Joshua 11:7 Joshua and his soldiers surprised them near the waters of Merom and attacked.
Joshua 11:8 God gave them to Israel, who struck them and chased them to Great Zidon, Misrephothmaim, and the Valley of Mizpeh in the east; they attacked them until no one was left.
Joshua 11:9 Joshua did as God commanded: he crippled their horses and burned their chariots.
Joshua 11:10 Joshua then turned back, captured Hazor, and killed its king with a sword; because Hazor used to be the leader of all those kingdoms.
Joshua 11:11 They killed everyone there with their swords, completely destroying them; no one was left alive. And he burned Hazor down.
Joshua 11:12 Joshua captured all the cities of those kings and defeated them with a sword, destroying them completely, just as Moses, God's servant, had commanded.
Joshua 11:13 Israel did not burn any of the strong cities, except for Hazor; only that city did Joshua burn.
Joshua 11:14 The people of Israel took all the valuables and animals from these cities for themselves; but they killed every person with their swords until none were left alive.
Joshua 11:15 God told Moses what to do, Moses told Joshua, and Joshua did everything God had told Moses.
Joshua 11:16 Joshua captured all that land, including the hills, the southern area, the land of Goshen, the valleys, the plains, and Israel's mountains.
Joshua 11:17 From Halak mountain, going up to Seir, all the way to Baalgad in Lebanon valley, below Mount Hermon: He captured all their kings, struck them, and killed them.
Joshua 11:18 Joshua fought with all those kings for a long time.
Joshua 11:19 Every city fought the children of Israel except the Hivites of Gibeon; they captured all others in battle.
Joshua 11:20 God made their hearts stubborn so they would fight against Israel, and he could completely destroy them without mercy, just as God told Moses.
Joshua 11:21 At that time, Joshua came and removed the Anakim people from the mountains, from Hebron, Debir, Anab, and all the mountains of Judah and Israel. Joshua completely destroyed them along with their cities.
Joshua 11:22 No Anakims were left in Israel's land, only some stayed in Gaza, Gath, and Ashdod.
Joshua 11:23 Joshua captured all the land as God told Moses; he gave it to Israel as their tribal inheritance. The land had peace from war.
