Joshua 14 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Joshua/Chapter%2014.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Joshua 14:1 These are the lands the Israelite people received in Canaan, which the priest Eleazar, Joshua son of Nun, and the tribe leaders gave to them as their share.
Joshua 14:2 Their land was given to them by drawing lots, as God had ordered through Moses, for the nine and a half tribes.
Joshua 14:3 Moses had given land to two and a half tribes on the other side of the Jordan River, but he did not give any land to the Levites among them.
Joshua 14:4 Joseph's children formed two groups, Manasseh and Ephraim; so they did not give the Levites a share of the land, only towns to live in, along with nearby lands for their animals and belongings.
Joshua 14:5 As God told Moses, the Israelites did, and they split the land.
Joshua 14:6 The people of Judah went to Joshua at Gilgal. Caleb, the son of Jephunneh from the Kenaz tribe, said to him, "You know what God told Moses about you and me at Kadesh Barnea."
Joshua 14:7 I was forty years old when Moses, God's servant, sent me from Kadeshbarnea to explore the land, and I reported back to him exactly what I felt.
Joshua 14:8 However, my companions who went with me caused the people to lose courage, but I fully followed God.
Joshua 14:9 And Moses promised on that day, saying, The land where you walked will be your possession and your children's forever, because you have fully followed God.
Joshua 14:10 And now, look, God has kept me alive, just as he promised, for forty-five years since God told Moses this when the Israelites were moving through the desert: and today, I am eighty-five years old.
Joshua 14:11 I am still as strong today as I was when Moses sent me out; my strength for battle, to advance and retreat, is unchanged.
Joshua 14:12 Now give me this mountain, which God talked about before; you heard how the giants lived there and the cities were big and strong. If God is with me, I will push them out, just as God promised.
Joshua 14:13 Joshua blessed Caleb, son of Jephunneh, and gave him Hebron as his inheritance.
Joshua 14:14 Hebron became Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenezite's land because he always followed God of Israel.
Joshua 14:15 Before, Hebron was called Kirjatharba, named after Arba, a great leader of the Anakims. And the land had peace from war.
