Joshua 23 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Joshua/Chapter%2023.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Joshua 23:1 Long after God gave Israel peace from all their enemies, Joshua grew very old.
Joshua 23:2 Joshua called all Israel, their elders, leaders, judges, and officials, and said to them, "I am old and advanced in years."
Joshua 23:3 You have seen everything God has done to these nations for your sake; God has fought for you.
Joshua 23:4 Look, I have given you these remaining nations as an inheritance for your tribes, from the Jordan River to the great sea in the west.
Joshua 23:5 God will force them out from in front of you and push them away from your view; and you will take over their land, just as God promised you.
Joshua 23:6 So be very brave to follow and do everything written in Moses' law book, without turning away to the right or the left.
Joshua 23:7 Do not join these nations still living among you; do not speak of their gods, swear by them, serve them, or bow down to them.
Joshua 23:8 Stick close to God, just as you've been doing until now.
Joshua 23:9 God has forced powerful nations out of your way: but no one has been able to defeat you up to now.
Joshua 23:10 One of you will chase a thousand because it is God who fights for you, just as he promised.
Joshua 23:11 Be very careful, then, to love God with all your heart.
Joshua 23:12 But if you turn away and join with the remaining nations among you, and marry them and they marry you:
Joshua 23:13 Be sure that God will not drive out these nations for you anymore. They will be like traps and whips to hurt you, and like thorns in your eyes, until you are gone from this good land God has given you.
Joshua 23:14 Look, today I am following the path of everyone on earth, and you know with all your hearts and souls that not one of the good things God promised you has failed; everything has happened for you, and not one promise has gone unfulfilled.
Joshua 23:15 So it will happen that just as all the good things God promised you have come to you, God will also bring all the bad things until he has destroyed you from this good land that God gave you.
Joshua 23:16 When you break God's agreement that he gave you, and follow and worship other gods, God will get very angry with you, and you will soon be destroyed and taken away from the good land he gave you.
