Zechariah 14 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Zechariah/Chapter%2014.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Zechariah 14:1 Look, God's day is coming, and your possessions will be shared out among you.
Zechariah 14:2 I will bring all countries together to fight against Jerusalem; the city will be captured, homes will be looted, and women will be violated; half of the city will be taken prisoner, and the rest of the people will not be separated from the city.
Zechariah 14:3 Then God will go out and battle those nations, just as he did on the day of war.
Zechariah 14:4 On that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, east of Jerusalem. The Mount of Olives will split in two from east to west, forming a huge valley. Half of the mountain will move north and half will move south.
Zechariah 14:5 You will run to the mountain valley; this valley will stretch to Azal. Yes, you will run as you did when you escaped the earthquake in Uzziah's time, king of Judah. God will come, and all the holy people with you.
Zechariah 14:6 On that day, the light will neither be bright nor completely dark.
Zechariah 14:7 There will be one day known to God, not day or night, but in the evening there will be light.
Zechariah 14:8 On that day, fresh water will flow from Jerusalem, half to the eastern sea and half to the western sea, in both summer and winter.
Zechariah 14:9 God will be king over the whole earth: on that day, God will be the only one, and his name the only one.
Zechariah 14:10 All the land will become flat from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem. It will be raised up and people will live there, from the gate of Benjamin to the location of the first gate, to the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel to the king's wine presses.
Zechariah 14:11 People will live there, and there won't be any more total destruction; instead, Jerusalem will be a safe place to live.
Zechariah 14:12 This is the sickness God will use to punish all the people who battled against Jerusalem: their flesh will rot while they are still standing, their eyes will rot in their sockets, and their tongues will rot in their mouths.
Zechariah 14:13 On that day, a great commotion from God will be among the people; they will all grab their neighbor's hand, and they will turn against each other.
Zechariah 14:14 Judah will also fight at Jerusalem; all the riches of the surrounding nations, gold, silver, and clothes, will be collected in large amounts.
Zechariah 14:15 This is how the disease will affect the horses, mules, camels, donkeys, and all the animals in the tents, just like this disease.
Zechariah 14:16 Everyone remaining from the nations that attacked Jerusalem will go there every year to worship God, the King, and to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:17 If any family on earth does not go to Jerusalem to worship the King, God, they will not get any rain.
Zechariah 14:18 If Egypt's people don't go and don't come because they have no rain, there will be a disease with which God will punish the nations that don't go to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:19 This will be the punishment for Egypt and for all nations that do not come to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:20 On that day, the horses' bells will have "Holiness to God" on them, and the pots in God's house will be like the bowls at the altar.
Zechariah 14:21 Yes, every pot in Jerusalem and Judah will be sacred to God. Everyone who offers a sacrifice will come and use them to boil their offerings. On that day, there will be no Canaanites in God's house.
