Zechariah 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Zechariah/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Zechariah 6:1 I turned, looked up, and saw four chariots coming from between two brass mountains.
Zechariah 6:2 In the first cart were red horses; and in the second cart black horses.
Zechariah 6:3 In the third chariot were white horses; in the fourth chariot were speckled and strong brown horses.
Zechariah 6:4 Then I replied to the angel who was speaking with me, "What are these, sir?"
Zechariah 6:5 The angel replied to me, "These are the four spirits of the sky, sent out from the presence of God who rules over the whole earth."
Zechariah 6:6 The black horses inside go to the north; the white follow them; and the gray head south.
Zechariah 6:7 The horse went out to travel back and forth across the land, and God said, "Go, move back and forth across the land." So they traveled back and forth across the land.
Zechariah 6:8 He called out to me and said, "Look, those going to the north country have calmed my spirit there."
Zechariah 6:9 God's message came to me, saying,
Zechariah 6:10 Choose some men from the captives, from Heldai, Tobijah, and Jedaiah, who have arrived from Babylon. Go on the same day to the house of Josiah, Zephaniah's son.
Zechariah 6:11 Then take silver and gold, make crowns, and put them on the head of Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest.
Zechariah 6:12 Tell him this message from God: Look at the man called The BRANCH; he will rise from where he is and build God's temple.
Zechariah 6:13 He will build God's temple; he will have honor and sit and govern on his throne; he will be a priest on his throne, and peace will be the plan between the two.
Zechariah 6:14 The crowns will be for Helem, Tobijah, Jedaiah, and Hen, Zephaniah's son, as a reminder in God's temple.
Zechariah 6:15 People from far away will come and build God's temple, and you will realize that God has sent me to you. This will happen if you carefully listen to and obey God.
