Amos 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Amos/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Amos 1:1 These are the words of Amos, one of the shepherds from Tekoa. He had visions about Israel when Uzziah was king of Judah, and when Jeroboam, Joash's son, was king of Israel. This happened two years before the earthquake.
Amos 1:2 He said, God will roar from Zion and speak loudly from Jerusalem; the shepherds' homes will be sad, and the top of Carmel will dry up.
Amos 1:3 God says: Because Damascus has sinned many times, I will not stop their punishment. They crushed Gilead with iron tools.
Amos 1:4 I will send a fire to Hazael's house, and it will destroy Benhadad's palaces.
Amos 1:5 I will break the defenses of Damascus, end the people from Aven Valley, and their leaders from Eden. The Syrians will be taken as prisoners to Kir, says God.
Amos 1:6 God says: Because Gaza has sinned many times, I won't stop their punishment. They took away a whole group of captives and handed them over to Edom.
Amos 1:7 I will send a fire against the wall of Gaza, and it will burn down its palaces.
Amos 1:8 I will remove the people from Ashdod and the ruler from Ashkelon, and I will attack Ekron. The remaining Philistines will die, says God.
Amos 1:9 God says, "Because Tyre has sinned many times, I will not stop their punishment. They handed over captives to Edom and forgot their treaty of friendship."
Amos 1:10 I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre that will destroy its palaces.
Amos 1:11 God says: Because Edom sinned many times, I will not stop punishing them. They chased their own family with weapons, showed no mercy, stayed angry all the time, and never forgave.
Amos 1:12 I will send a fire to Teman, and it will burn down the strong houses of Bozrah.
Amos 1:13 God says, "Because the people of Ammon committed three sins, and even four, I will not stop their punishment. They attacked pregnant women in Gilead to expand their own land."
Amos 1:14 I will start a fire in the walls of Rabbah, and it will burn down its palaces amid battle cries on the day of combat, and with a storm on the day of the whirlwind.
Amos 1:15 Their king and his leaders will be captured and taken away, says God.
