Amos 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Amos/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Amos 3:1 Listen to what God has said against you, children of Israel, against the entire family I led out of Egypt:
Amos 3:2 I have known only you among all the families on earth; so I will punish you for all your wrongs.
Amos 3:3 Can two people walk together if they do not agree?
Amos 3:4 Will a lion roar in the woods without catching prey? Will a young lion shout from its den if it has caught nothing?
Amos 3:5 Can a bird be caught in a trap on the ground if no one has set one for it? Can someone lift a trap from the ground if it hasn't caught anything?
Amos 3:6 If a trumpet sounds in the city, won't the people be scared? If there's trouble in a city, isn't it God who has caused it?
Amos 3:7 God will do nothing without revealing his plan to his prophets.
Amos 3:8 The lion has roared, who wouldn't be afraid? God has spoken, who wouldn't tell the message?
Amos 3:9 Announce in the palaces of Ashdod and Egypt, say, "Gather on the Samaria mountains and see the big upsets and the oppressed people there."
Amos 3:10 They do not know how to do right, says God, who keep violence and theft in their homes.
Amos 3:11 So God says: An enemy will surround the country; they will reduce your power, and your grand houses will be robbed.
Amos 3:12 God says, "Like a shepherd saves from the lion's mouth two legs or a piece of an ear, so will the Israelites be saved who live in Samaria on the edge of a bed, and in Damascus on a sofa."
Amos 3:13 Listen and speak out in the house of Jacob, says God, the God of all.
Amos 3:14 On the day I punish Israel for their sins, I will also destroy the altars of Bethel; the altar horns will be cut off and fall to the ground.
Amos 3:15 I will destroy the winter homes and the summer homes; the ivory houses will be gone, and the big houses will end, says God.
