Amos 9 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Amos/Chapter%209.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Amos 9:1 I saw God standing at the altar. He said, "Hit the top of the door so the pillars tremble. Chop off their heads, all of them. I will kill any who are left with a sword. Those who run won't get far, and those who escape won't be saved."
Amos 9:2 Even if they dig deep into the ground, my hand will still reach and take them; even if they climb up to the sky, I will bring them down.
Amos 9:3 Even if they hide at the top of Carmel, I will find and take them from there; and if they hide from me at the bottom of the sea, I will tell the serpent to bite them.
Amos 9:4 Even if they are taken captive by their enemies, I will order the sword to kill them. I will watch them for harm, not for their good.
Amos 9:5 God has the power to touch the land so it will melt, and everyone living there will be sad. The land will rise like a flood and be covered like in the Egypt flood.
Amos 9:6 He makes his layers in the sky and sets his group on the earth; he calls the sea's waters and spreads them over the earth: God is his name.
Amos 9:7 Aren't you like the children of Ethiopia to me, children of Israel? says God. Didn't I lead Israel out of Egypt? And the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?
Amos 9:8 Look, God is watching the sinful nation, and I will wipe it from the earth; but I will not completely destroy Jacob's descendants, says the Lord.
Amos 9:9 Look, I will give an order, and I will shake the people of Israel among all countries, just like corn is shaken in a strainer, but not even the smallest grain will fall to the ground.
Amos 9:10 Every sinner among my people will die by the sword, those who think harm won't reach or stop us.
Amos 9:11 On that day, I will repair David's fallen shelter, fix its gaps, rebuild its ruins, and restore it like before.
Amos 9:12 So they can own what's left of Edom, and all nations called by my name, says God who does this.
Amos 9:13 Look, a time is coming, says God, when the farmer will catch up with the harvester, and the grape crusher will catch up with the one planting seeds; the mountains will drip with sweet wine, and all the hills will flow.
Amos 9:14 I will bring back my people Israel from captivity. They will rebuild the ruined cities and live in them. They will plant vineyards and drink their wine; they will also create gardens and eat their fruits.
Amos 9:15 I will put them on their land, and no one will ever remove them from the land I gave them, says God.
