Lamentations 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Lamentations/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Lamentations 5:1 Remember, God, what has happened to us; look, and see our disgrace.
Lamentations 5:2 Our property has gone to outsiders, our homes to foreigners.
Lamentations 5:3 We are like children without parents; our mothers are like women whose husbands have died.
Lamentations 5:4 We have to buy our own water to drink; we must pay for the wood we use.
Lamentations 5:5 We are persecuted and work hard without rest.
Lamentations 5:6 We have submitted to the Egyptians and Assyrians to have enough bread.
Lamentations 5:7 Our ancestors did wrong, they are gone; and we suffer for their sins.
Lamentations 5:8 Slaves have become our masters: no one saves us from their power.
Lamentations 5:9 We get our bread at the risk of our lives because of the danger in the desert.
Lamentations 5:10 Our skin turned very dark as if burned because of the terrible hunger.
Lamentations 5:11 They assaulted the women in Zion, and the young women in the towns of Judah.
Lamentations 5:12 Leaders are hung by their hands; the faces of the old are not respected.
Lamentations 5:13 They made the young men work at grinding grain, and the children stumbled under heavy loads of wood.
Lamentations 5:14 The older leaders no longer sit in the city gates, and the young men have stopped their music.
Lamentations 5:15 Our happiness has ended; our dancing has changed to sadness.
Lamentations 5:16 Our crown has fallen: sad for us, because we have done wrong!
Lamentations 5:17 Because of this, we are discouraged; for these things, our vision is blurred.
Lamentations 5:18 Because Mount Zion is empty, foxes walk on it.
Lamentations 5:19 You, God, last forever; your rule goes on from one generation to the next.
Lamentations 5:20 Why do you forget us forever and abandon us for such a long time?
Lamentations 5:21 Bring us back to you, God, and we will return; make our days like they used to be.
Lamentations 5:22 You have completely rejected us; you are very angry with us.
