2 Kings 10 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Kings/Chapter%2010.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Kings 10:1 Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria. Jehu wrote letters and sent them to Samaria's leaders, the elders, and the caregivers of Ahab's children, saying.
2 Kings 10:2 As soon as you get this letter, since the sons of your master are with you, along with chariots, horses, a fortified city, and weapons;
2 Kings 10:3 Choose the best and most suitable of your master's sons, put him on his father's throne, and defend your master's house.
2 Kings 10:4 They were very afraid and said, "Look, two kings couldn't stand against him. How can we stand?"
2 Kings 10:5 The person in charge of the house, the city leader, the old men, and those taking care of the children sent a message to Jehu, saying, "We are your servants and will do whatever you tell us; we won't make anyone king: do what you think is best."
2 Kings 10:6 He wrote another letter to them, saying, If you are my followers and listen to me, take the heads of your master's sons and come to me at Jezreel by this time tomorrow. The king's seventy sons were with the city's leaders, who were raising them.
2 Kings 10:7 When they received the letter, they killed the king's seventy sons, put their heads in baskets, and sent them to Jezreel.
2 Kings 10:8 A messenger came and told him, "They have brought the heads of the king's sons." He replied, "Put them in two piles by the gate entrance until morning."
2 Kings 10:9 In the morning, he went out, stood, and said to everyone, "You are good people: look, I plotted against my master and killed him; but who killed all these others?"
2 Kings 10:10 Understand that none of God's words about Ahab's family will fail to happen; God has done exactly what he said through his servant Elijah.
2 Kings 10:11 Jehu killed everyone left from Ahab's family in Jezreel, along with all his important men, relatives, and priests, leaving no one alive.
2 Kings 10:12 He got up, left, and went to Samaria. On the way, as he was near the place where sheep are sheared,
2 Kings 10:13 Jehu met Ahaziah's brothers, the king of Judah, and asked, "Who are you?" They replied, "We are Ahaziah's brothers, and we are going to greet the king's and queen's children."
2 Kings 10:14 He said, "Capture them alive." So they captured them alive and killed them at the shearing house pit, all 42 men; he did not spare any of them.
2 Kings 10:15 After he left that place, he met Jehonadab, Rechab's son, who was coming to greet him. He welcomed him and asked, "Is your heart true, as my heart is with yours?" Jehonadab replied, "It is." "If so, give me your hand." Then he reached out his hand, and Jehonadab took it and climbed into the chariot with him.
2 Kings 10:16 He said, "Come with me and see how eager I am for God." So they had him ride in his chariot.
2 Kings 10:17 When he arrived in Samaria, he killed all of Ahab's remaining followers until he had completely destroyed them, just as God had told Elijah.
2 Kings 10:18 Jehu brought all the people together and said to them, Ahab worshiped Baal a little, but Jehu will worship him a lot.
2 Kings 10:19 Now, call all of Baal's prophets, his servants, and his priests to me; make sure no one is missing, because I have a big sacrifice for Baal; whoever is missing will not survive. But Jehu planned this trick to destroy all who worship Baal.
2 Kings 10:20 Jehu said, "Call a special meeting for Baal." And they announced it.
2 Kings 10:21 Jehu sent messages throughout Israel, and all of Baal's followers came, leaving no one behind. They entered Baal's temple, filling it completely.
2 Kings 10:22 He told the one in charge of the clothes, "Get robes for all the Baal worshipers." So he gave them robes.
2 Kings 10:23 Jehu and Jehonadab, Rechab's son, went into Baal's temple and said to Baal's followers, "Check and make sure that none of God's servants are here with you, only Baal's worshippers."
2 Kings 10:24 When they entered to give sacrifices and burn offerings, Jehu set eighty men outside and said, "If any of the men I've delivered to you get away, whoever lets him escape will pay with his own life for the fugitive's life."
2 Kings 10:25 When he finished giving the burnt offering, Jehu told the guards and captains, "Go in and kill them; let no one escape." They killed them with their swords, dragged the bodies out, and then went into Baal's temple.
2 Kings 10:26 They took the idols from the Baal temple and burned them.
2 Kings 10:27 They destroyed the idol of Baal, tore down Baal's temple, and turned it into a public toilet, which it remains to this day.
2 Kings 10:28 Jehu got rid of Baal worship in Israel.
2 Kings 10:29 However, Jehu did not turn away from the sins of Jeroboam, son of Nebat, who caused Israel to sin, specifically the golden calves in Bethel and Dan.
2 Kings 10:30 God said to Jehu, "Because you have done well in doing what is right in my eyes, and have done to Ahab's family all that I wanted, your descendants up to the fourth generation will sit on the throne of Israel."
2 Kings 10:31 But Jehu did not care to follow God's laws with all his heart: he kept on sinning like Jeroboam, leading Israel to sin.
2 Kings 10:32 At that time, God started to reduce Israel's size: and Hazael attacked them throughout Israel's borders.
2 Kings 10:33 East of the Jordan River, the land of Gilead belonged to the tribes of Gad, Reuben, and half of the tribe of Manasseh, stretching from Aroer by the Arnon River to Gilead and Bashan.
2 Kings 10:34 The other things Jehu did, all his actions and strength, are they not recorded in the book of the records of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 10:35 Jehu died and was buried in Samaria. Then his son Jehoahaz became the ruler after him.
2 Kings 10:36 Jehu was king of Israel in Samaria for twenty-eight years.
