Matthew 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 1:1 This book lists Jesus Christ's ancestors. He was from David's and Abraham's family.
Matthew 1:2 Abraham had a son named Isaac; Isaac had a son named Jacob; and Jacob had sons, including Judas and his brothers.
Matthew 1:3 Judas had Phares and Zara with Thamar; Phares had Esrom; and Esrom had Aram.
Matthew 1:4 Aram was the father of Aminadab; Aminadab was the father of Naasson; Naasson was the father of Salmon.
Matthew 1:5 Salmon fathered Boaz with Rahab; Boaz fathered Obed with Ruth; and Obed fathered Jesse.
Matthew 1:6 Jesse was the father of King David; and King David was the father of Solomon, whose mother had been Uriah's wife.
Matthew 1:7 Solomon had a son named Rehoboam; Rehoboam had a son named Abijah; and Abijah had a son named Asa.
Matthew 1:8 Asa fathered Jehoshaphat; Jehoshaphat fathered Joram; and Joram fathered Uzziah.
Matthew 1:9 Ozias was the father of Joatham, Joatham was the father of Achaz, and Achaz was the father of Ezekias.
Matthew 1:10 Hezekiah fathered Manasseh; Manasseh fathered Amon; and Amon fathered Josiah.
Matthew 1:11 Josias was the father of Jechonias and his brothers around the time they were taken to Babylon.
Matthew 1:12 After they were taken to Babylon, Jechonias became the father of Salathiel, and Salathiel became the father of Zorobabel.
Matthew 1:13 Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud; Abiud was the father of Eliakim; and Eliakim was the father of Azor.
Matthew 1:14 Azor was the father of Sadoc; Sadoc was the father of Achim; and Achim was the father of Eliud.
Matthew 1:15 Eliud was the father of Eleazar, Eleazar was the father of Matthan, and Matthan was the father of Jacob.
Matthew 1:16 Jacob was the father of Joseph, who was married to Mary. Mary gave birth to Jesus, also known as Christ.
Matthew 1:17 There are fourteen generations from Abraham to David, fourteen generations from David to the time they were taken to Babylon, and fourteen generations from then to Christ.
Matthew 1:18 The birth of Jesus Christ happened like this: Before Mary, his mother, and Joseph were together as husband and wife, she was discovered to be pregnant by the Holy Spirit.
Matthew 1:19 Joseph, her husband, was a good man and did not want to embarrass her publicly, so he planned to break up with her quietly.
Matthew 1:20 As he was thinking about all this, an angel from God came to him in a dream and said, "Joseph, descendant of David, do not be afraid to make Mary your wife because the baby in her is from the Holy Spirit."
Matthew 1:21 She will have a son, and you will name him Jesus, because he will save his people from their sins.
Matthew 1:22 All this happened to make true what the prophet had said from God.
Matthew 1:23 Look, a young woman will have a baby, and she will give birth to a son. They will name him Emmanuel, which means God with us.
Matthew 1:24 Joseph woke up, did what God's angel told him to, and took Mary as his wife.
Matthew 1:25 He did not have marital relations with her until she gave birth to her first son; and he named him Jesus.
