Matthew 11 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2011.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 11:1 When Jesus finished giving instructions to his twelve disciples, he left to teach and spread his message in their towns.
Matthew 11:2 When John, who was in prison, heard about what Christ was doing, he sent two of his followers.
Matthew 11:3 He asked him, "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect someone else?"
Matthew 11:4 Jesus replied, "Go tell John what you hear and see."
Matthew 11:5 Blind people can see, and those who can't walk, now do. People with leprosy are healed, and the deaf can hear. The dead are brought back to life, and the poor hear the good news.
Matthew 11:6 Happy is anyone who is not upset because of me.
Matthew 11:7 As they left, Jesus spoke to the crowds about John, asking, "Why did you go out into the desert? To see a reed swayed by the wind?"
Matthew 11:8 What did you go out to see? A man dressed in fine clothes? Look, those who wear fine clothes live in king's palaces.
Matthew 11:9 But why did you go out? To see a prophet? Yes, I tell you, and even more than a prophet.
Matthew 11:10 This is the one about whom it was written, 'Look, I will send my messenger ahead of you, who will make your path ready for you.'
Matthew 11:11 Truly, I tell you, no one born of a woman is greater than John the Baptist; but even the least in heaven's kingdom is greater than he.
Matthew 11:12 Since John the Baptist's time until now, God's kingdom has faced harshness, and forceful people are trying to seize it.
Matthew 11:13 All the prophets and the law told of what would happen up to the time of John.
Matthew 11:14 If you accept this, he is Elijah who was to come.
Matthew 11:15 If you have ears to listen, then listen.
Matthew 11:16 What can I compare this generation to? They are like children sitting in the marketplaces, calling to their friends.
Matthew 11:17 We played music for you, but you did not dance; we were sad for you, but you did not cry.
Matthew 11:18 John did not come eating or drinking, and they say he has a demon.
Matthew 11:19 The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and people say, 'Look, a man who eats too much and drinks too much wine, a friend of tax collectors and wrongdoers.' But smart actions prove right by their results.
Matthew 11:20 He started to scold the cities where he had done many miracles because they did not repent.
Matthew 11:21 How terrible for you, Chorazin! How terrible for you, Bethsaida! If the powerful things done in you had happened in Tyre and Sidon, they would have turned from their sins long ago, showing sorrow with rough cloth and ashes.
Matthew 11:22 I tell you, it will be easier for Tyre and Sidon on the judgment day than for you.
Matthew 11:23 Capernaum, you are raised up to the sky, but you will be sent down to the underworld. If the powerful acts done in you had happened in Sodom, it would still exist today.
Matthew 11:24 I tell you, it will be easier for Sodom on judgment day than for you.
Matthew 11:25 At that time, Jesus spoke and said, "I thank you, Father, God of heaven and earth, because you have kept these things from the smart and careful people, and have shown them to children."
Matthew 11:26 Even so, Father, because this is what you wanted.
Matthew 11:27 My Father has given me all things: no one knows the Son except the Father, and no one knows the Father except the Son and anyone to whom the Son chooses to show him.
Matthew 11:28 Come to me, all who work hard and are burdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:29 Wear my yoke and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart: and you will find rest for your souls.
Matthew 11:30 My yoke is simple, and my load is not heavy.
