Matthew 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 16:1 The Pharisees and Sadducees also came to Jesus and, trying to trick him, asked him to show them a sign from heaven.
Matthew 16:2 He replied, "When the evening comes, you say, 'The weather will be good,' because the sky is red."
Matthew 16:3 In the morning, the weather will be bad today because the sky is red and dark. You hypocrites, you can tell what the sky looks like, but can't you tell what's happening in these times?
Matthew 16:4 A bad and unfaithful generation looks for a sign; no sign will be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah. Then he left them and went away.
Matthew 16:5 When his disciples reached the other side, they realized they had forgotten to bring bread.
Matthew 16:6 Jesus told them, "Be careful and watch out for the influence of the Pharisees and Sadducees."
Matthew 16:7 They talked to each other, saying, "It's because we didn't bring any bread."
Matthew 16:8 When Jesus noticed, he said to them, "You with little faith, why are you discussing that you have no bread?"
Matthew 16:9 Don't you understand or remember the five loaves for the five thousand people and the number of baskets you gathered?
Matthew 16:10 Don't you remember the seven loaves for the four thousand and how many baskets you collected?
Matthew 16:11 Why don't you understand that I was not talking about bread? Be careful of the Pharisees' and Sadducees' teachings.
Matthew 16:12 Then they realized he was not telling them to watch out for the yeast in bread, but to be cautious of the teachings of the Pharisees and Sadducees.
Matthew 16:13 When Jesus arrived in the region of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his followers, "Who do people say that I, the Son of Man, am?"
Matthew 16:14 They said, "Some think you are John the Baptist, others Elijah, and others think you are Jeremiah or one of the prophets."
Matthew 16:15 He asks them, "But who do you say I am?"
Matthew 16:16 Simon Peter answered, "You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God."
Matthew 16:17 Jesus replied to him, "You are blessed, Simon son of Jonah, because this was not shown to you by humans, but by my Father in heaven."
Matthew 16:18 I also tell you that you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not overcome it.
Matthew 16:19 I will give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven: whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you release on earth will be released in heaven.
Matthew 16:20 He told his disciples not to tell anyone that he was Jesus the Christ.
Matthew 16:21 From that time, Jesus started to explain to his followers that he had to go to Jerusalem, face many troubles from the leaders, the main priests, and the teachers of the law, be put to death, and come back to life on the third day.
Matthew 16:22 Then Peter took him aside and started to scold him, saying, "Don't let this happen to you, Lord; this must not happen to you."
Matthew 16:23 He turned and said to Peter, "Go away from me, Satan! You are a problem to me because you don't care about what comes from God, but only what comes from people."
Matthew 16:24 Jesus told his followers, "If anyone wants to follow me, they must forget about themselves, carry their cross, and come with me."
Matthew 16:25 Whoever wants to save their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life for me will find it.
Matthew 16:26 What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet lose their own life? Or what can someone give to get back their life?
Matthew 16:27 The Son of Man will come with the brightness of his Father and his angels; and then he will give each person what they deserve for what they have done.
Matthew 16:28 I tell you the truth, some standing here will not die before they see the Son of Man arriving in his kingdom.
