Matthew 18 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2018.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 18:1 The disciples came to Jesus then, asking, "Who is the greatest in heaven's kingdom?"
Matthew 18:2 Jesus called a child over and had him stand among them.
Matthew 18:3 Truly, I tell you, if you don't change and become like little children, you won't enter the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:4 Anyone who humbles themselves like this child is the greatest in heaven's kingdom.
Matthew 18:5 Anyone who welcomes a little child because of me is welcoming me.
Matthew 18:6 But if anyone hurts one of these little ones who believe in me, it would be better for them to have a heavy stone tied around their neck and to be drowned in the deep sea.
Matthew 18:7 Trouble comes to the world because of wrongs; wrongs must happen, but trouble comes to the person who causes the wrong.
Matthew 18:8 If your hand or foot causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. It's better to live with one hand or foot than to have two and be thrown into eternal fire.
Matthew 18:9 If your eye causes you to sin, take it out and throw it away. It's better to live with one eye than to have two eyes and be thrown into hell.
Matthew 18:10 Be careful not to look down on any of these little ones, because I tell you, their angels in heaven always see the face of my God in heaven.
Matthew 18:11 The Son of Man came to save what was lost.
Matthew 18:12 What do you think? If a man has a hundred sheep and one gets lost, won't he leave the ninety-nine and go to the mountains to look for the lost one?
Matthew 18:13 If he finds it, truly, I tell you, he is happier about that one sheep than about the ninety-nine that did not wander off.
Matthew 18:14 God in heaven does not want even one of these little ones to be lost.
Matthew 18:15 If your brother does wrong to you, go and point out his mistake, just between the two of you. If he listens to you, you have won your brother back.
Matthew 18:16 If he doesn't listen to you, bring one or two others with you, so that the truth of every word can be confirmed by two or three witnesses.
Matthew 18:17 If he ignores them, tell the church. But if he ignores the church, treat him like a stranger or a tax collector.
Matthew 18:18 I tell you the truth, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you release on earth will be released in heaven.
Matthew 18:19 I tell you again, if two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven.
Matthew 18:20 When two or three people meet in my name, I am there with them.
Matthew 18:21 Peter came to him and asked, "Lord, how many times should I forgive my brother when he sins against me? Up to seven times?"
Matthew 18:22 Jesus said to him, "I don't mean seven times, but seventy times seven."
Matthew 18:23 The kingdom of heaven is compared to a king who wanted to settle accounts with his servants.
Matthew 18:24 When he started to settle accounts, someone was brought to him who owed him ten thousand coins.
Matthew 18:25 Since he couldn't pay, his master ordered that he, his wife, his children, and everything he owned be sold to pay the debt.
Matthew 18:26 The servant knelt down and begged him, saying, "Master, please wait, and I will pay you everything."
Matthew 18:27 The master of the servant felt sorry for him, set him free, and canceled his debt.
Matthew 18:28 The servant went out and found a fellow servant who owed him a small amount of money. He grabbed him and choked him, saying, "Pay back what you owe me."
Matthew 18:29 His coworker knelt down and begged him, saying, "Please be patient with me, and I will pay you everything."
Matthew 18:30 He refused and put him in jail until he could pay back the money.
Matthew 18:31 When his fellow servants saw what happened, they were very sad and went to tell their master everything that happened.
Matthew 18:32 Then his master, after calling him, said to him, 'You evil servant, I forgave all your debt because you asked me to.
Matthew 18:33 Shouldn't you also have shown mercy to your fellow servant, just as I showed mercy to you?
Matthew 18:34 His master was angry and handed him over to the jailers until he could pay back everything he owed.
Matthew 18:35 In the same way, my Father in heaven will treat you, unless you truly forgive everyone for the wrongs they have done to you.
