Matthew 19 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2019.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 19:1 After Jesus finished speaking, he left Galilee and went to the area of Judea across the Jordan River.
Matthew 19:2 Large crowds followed him, and he healed them there.
Matthew 19:3 The Pharisees came to him, trying to test him, and asked, "Is it okay for a man to divorce his wife for any reason?"
Matthew 19:4 He replied, "Haven't you read that at the start, the Creator made them man and woman?"
Matthew 19:5 And said, "Because of this, a man will leave his father and mother and stick to his wife, and the two will become one body."
Matthew 19:6 So they are no longer two, but one body. What God has joined, let no one separate.
Matthew 19:7 They asked him, "Then why did Moses tell us to give a divorce paper and send her away?"
Matthew 19:8 He told them, Moses allowed you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard, but it was not like that from the start.
Matthew 19:9 I tell you, if anyone divorces his wife for any reason other than unfaithfulness, and marries someone else, he is committing adultery. Whoever marries the divorced woman is also committing adultery.
Matthew 19:10 His followers said to him, "If this is how it is between a man and his wife, it is better not to get married."
Matthew 19:11 He told them, "Not everyone can accept this teaching, only those who are meant to."
Matthew 19:12 Some people are born unable to have children, some are made that way by others, and some choose to live without marriage for God's kingdom. Whoever can accept this should accept it.
Matthew 19:13 People brought little children to him so he could lay his hands on them and pray, but the disciples scolded them.
Matthew 19:14 Jesus said, Let the little children come to me, don't stop them, because heaven belongs to ones like these.
Matthew 19:15 He put his hands on them and left that place.
Matthew 19:16 Someone came and asked him, "Good teacher, what must I do to get eternal life?"
Matthew 19:17 He asked him, "Why do you call me good? Only God is truly good. But if you want to have life, follow the commandments."
Matthew 19:18 He asked, "Which ones?" Jesus answered, "Do not kill, do not cheat on your spouse, do not steal, do not lie about others,"
Matthew 19:19 Respect your father and mother, and love your neighbor as you love yourself.
Matthew 19:20 The young man said to him, "I have kept all these things since I was young: what do I still need?"
Matthew 19:21 Jesus said to him, "If you want to be perfect, go sell what you own, give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven: then come and follow me."
Matthew 19:22 But when the young man heard this, he left feeling sad because he had many things.
Matthew 19:23 Jesus told his disciples, "I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven."
Matthew 19:24 I tell you again, it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter God's kingdom.
Matthew 19:25 When his followers heard this, they were very surprised and asked, "Then who can be rescued?"
Matthew 19:26 Jesus looked at them and said, "For people this is impossible, but for God everything is possible."
Matthew 19:27 Peter replied, "Look, we've left everything to follow you. What will we get for this?"
Matthew 19:28 Jesus told them, "Truly, I tell you, those who have followed me will, when the Son of Man sits on his glorious throne, also sit on twelve thrones to judge the twelve tribes of Israel."
Matthew 19:29 Everyone who has left homes, brothers, sisters, parents, spouse, children, or fields for my sake will get back much more and will have eternal life.
Matthew 19:30 Many who are first will be last, and the last will be first.
