Matthew 20 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2020.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 20:1 The kingdom of heaven is like a man who owns a house and went out early in the morning to find workers for his vineyard.
Matthew 20:2 After he made a deal with the workers for one penny each day, he sent them to his grape farm.
Matthew 20:3 He went out around nine in the morning and saw others standing around doing nothing in the market.
Matthew 20:4 He said to them, "You go work in the vineyard too, and I will pay you what is fair." So they went.
Matthew 20:5 He went out again around six and nine in the morning and did the same thing.
Matthew 20:6 Around eleven o'clock, he went out, found others standing around doing nothing, and said to them, 'Why have you been standing here all day doing nothing?'
Matthew 20:7 They tell him, "No one has given us work." He says to them, "Go work in the vineyard, and you will get what is fair."
Matthew 20:8 When evening came, the owner of the vineyard said to his manager, "Call the workers, and pay them their wages, starting with the last ones hired to the first."
Matthew 20:9 When the workers who were hired around 5 p.m. came, each one got a penny.
Matthew 20:10 When the first workers came, they thought they would get more, but they also got one penny each.
Matthew 20:11 When they got it, they complained about the homeowner.
Matthew 20:12 You said, 'These people worked only one hour, but you've treated them the same as us, who worked hard all day in the hot sun.'
Matthew 20:13 He replied to one of them, "Friend, I'm not being unfair to you. Didn't you agree to work for a penny?"
Matthew 20:14 Take what is yours and leave; I will give this last person the same as I gave you.
Matthew 20:15 Isn't it okay for me to do what I want with what's mine? Are you jealous because I am generous?
Matthew 20:16 The last will be first, and the first will be last: many are called, but few are chosen.
Matthew 20:17 Jesus headed to Jerusalem and took the twelve disciples aside on the road and said to them,
Matthew 20:18 Look, we are going to Jerusalem; and the Son of Man will be handed over to the religious leaders and the teachers of the law, and they will sentence him to death.
Matthew 20:19 They will hand him over to foreigners to mock, whip, and crucify him; but on the third day, he will come back to life.
Matthew 20:20 Zebedee's wife came to Jesus with her sons, bowing down to him, and asked him for something.
Matthew 20:21 He asked her, "What do you want?" She replied, "Let my two sons sit with you in your kingdom, one on your right and the other on your left."
Matthew 20:22 But Jesus replied, "You don't understand what you're asking. Can you handle the hard things I'm going to face and go through the tough experience I will go through?" They answered him, "We can."
Matthew 20:23 He tells them, "You will indeed drink from my cup and be baptized like I am. But to sit at my right or left side is not for me to give. That place is for those my Father has prepared it for."
Matthew 20:24 When the ten heard about it, they were very upset with the two brothers.
Matthew 20:25 Jesus called them to him and said, "You know that the leaders of other nations rule over them, and their powerful people have authority over them."
Matthew 20:26 In your group, it should not be like that. Instead, if someone wants to be important, they should serve you.
Matthew 20:27 Whoever wants to be the most important among you must serve the rest.
Matthew 20:28 The Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life to save many people.
Matthew 20:29 As they left Jericho, a large crowd followed him.
Matthew 20:30 Two blind men were sitting by the road. When they heard Jesus was coming by, they shouted, "Please help us, Lord, Son of David!"
Matthew 20:31 The crowd told them to be quiet, but they shouted louder, "Please have mercy on us, God, son of David."
Matthew 20:32 Jesus stopped, called them, and asked, "What do you want me to do for you?"
Matthew 20:33 They said to him, "Lord, let our eyes be opened."
Matthew 20:34 Jesus felt sorry for them, touched their eyes, and right away they could see, and they followed him.
