Matthew 21 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2021.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 21:1 When they got close to Jerusalem and reached Bethphage at the Mount of Olives, Jesus sent two disciples.
Matthew 21:2 Tell them, go to the village ahead of you, and at once you will find a donkey tied up, and a young donkey with her: untie them and bring them to me.
Matthew 21:3 If anyone asks you about it, say, 'God needs them,' and he will send them right away.
Matthew 21:4 This happened to fulfill what the prophet had said.
Matthew 21:5 Tell the people of Zion, look, your King is coming to you, humble, and riding on a donkey, and on a colt, the young of a donkey.
Matthew 21:6 The disciples went and did what Jesus told them to do.
Matthew 21:7 They brought the donkey and the young colt, put their cloaks on them, and Jesus sat on them.
Matthew 21:8 A huge crowd spread their clothes on the road; others cut branches from the trees and scattered them on the road.
Matthew 21:9 The crowds going ahead and those following shouted, "Hosanna to the son of David! He who comes in the name of God is blessed; Hosanna in the highest!"
Matthew 21:10 When he entered Jerusalem, the whole city was stirred up and asked, "Who is this?"
Matthew 21:11 The crowd said, "This is Jesus, the prophet from Nazareth in Galilee."
Matthew 21:12 Jesus entered God's temple and drove out all who were selling and buying there. He flipped over the tables of the money changers and the chairs of those selling doves.
Matthew 21:13 He said to them, "It is written, 'My house will be called a house of prayer,' but you have turned it into a hideout for thieves."
Matthew 21:14 Blind and disabled people came to him in the temple, and he healed them.
Matthew 21:15 When the religious leaders saw the amazing things he did, and heard the children shouting in the temple, "Hosanna to the Son of David," they were very upset.
Matthew 21:16 And said to him, "Do you hear what they are saying?" And Jesus said to them, "Yes; have you never read, 'From the mouths of children and babies you have made perfect praise'?"
Matthew 21:17 He left them, went out of the city to Bethany, and stayed there.
Matthew 21:18 In the morning as he went back to the city, he was hungry.
Matthew 21:19 When he saw a fig tree by the road, he went to it but found no fruit, only leaves. Then he said to it, "May you never grow fruit again." At once, the fig tree dried up.
Matthew 21:20 When the disciples saw it, they were amazed and said, "How quickly has the fig tree dried up!"
Matthew 21:21 Jesus replied, "I tell you the truth, if you believe and don't doubt, you can do not just what was done to the fig tree, but also tell this mountain to move and be thrown into the sea, and it will happen."
Matthew 21:22 When you pray and believe, anything you ask for, you will get.
Matthew 21:23 When he entered the temple, the religious leaders and elders approached him while he was teaching and asked, "What gives you the right to do these things? Who gave you this authority?"
Matthew 21:24 Jesus replied and said to them, "I will ask you one question too, and if you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things."
Matthew 21:25 Where did John's baptism come from? From God or from people? They thought, "If we say, 'From God,' he will ask us, 'Then why didn't you believe John?'"
Matthew 21:26 But if we say, 'From people,' we are afraid of the crowd, because everyone considers John a prophet.
Matthew 21:27 They replied to Jesus, "We don't know." So he said to them, "Then I won't tell you by what authority I do these things."
Matthew 21:28 What do you think? A man had two sons. He went to the first and said, "Son, go work in my vineyard today."
Matthew 21:29 He replied, "I won't." But later he changed his mind and went.
Matthew 21:30 He went to the second and said the same thing. The second one answered, "I will go, sir," but he did not go.
Matthew 21:31 Which of the two did what his father wanted? They answered, "The first." Jesus told them, "I tell you the truth, the tax collectors and prostitutes will enter God's kingdom ahead of you."
Matthew 21:32 John came to you living right, but you didn't believe him. Tax collectors and prostitutes did believe, and even after seeing this, you didn't change your minds to believe him.
Matthew 21:33 Listen to another story: A man owned a house, planted a vineyard, put a fence around it, made a place to press grapes, built a watchtower, rented it to farmers, and then he went to a distant land.
Matthew 21:34 When it was almost time to pick the fruit, he sent his workers to the farmers to collect the fruit.
Matthew 21:35 The farmers took his workers, beat one, killed another, and threw stones at another.
Matthew 21:36 He sent more servants than before, and they were treated the same way.
Matthew 21:37 Last of all, he sent them his son, thinking, "They will respect my son."
Matthew 21:38 When the workers saw the son, they said to each other, "This is the one who will inherit everything. Let's kill him and take his inheritance."
Matthew 21:39 They grabbed him, threw him out of the vineyard, and killed him.
Matthew 21:40 When the owner of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those workers?
Matthew 21:41 They tell him, God will terribly destroy those bad men, and will rent his vineyard to other farmers, who will give him the crops at the right times.
Matthew 21:42 Jesus said to them, "Have you never read in the scriptures that the stone the builders did not want became the cornerstone? This was done by God, and it is amazing to us?"
Matthew 21:43 I tell you, God's kingdom will be taken from you and given to a people who produce its fruits.
Matthew 21:44 Anyone who falls on this stone will break, but if it falls on anyone, it will crush them into dust.
Matthew 21:45 When the chief priests and Pharisees heard his stories, they understood he was talking about them.
Matthew 21:46 But when they tried to arrest him, they were afraid of the crowd, because the people believed he was a prophet.
