Matthew 28 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%2028.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 28:1 At the end of the Sabbath, as the first day of the week was starting, Mary Magdalene and the other Mary went to see the tomb.
Matthew 28:2 Look, there was a big earthquake because an angel from God came down from heaven, moved the stone from the entrance, and sat on it.
Matthew 28:3 His face shone like lightning, and his clothes were as white as snow.
Matthew 28:4 The guards were so afraid of him that they trembled and became like men who were dead.
Matthew 28:5 The angel said to the women, "Don't be afraid. I know you are looking for Jesus, who was crucified."
Matthew 28:6 He is not here; he has risen, just as he said. Come and see where he was lying.
Matthew 28:7 Go fast, and tell his disciples he has risen from the dead. Look, he is going ahead of you to Galilee. You will see him there. I have told you now.
Matthew 28:8 They left the tomb quickly, feeling afraid yet very happy, and ran to tell his disciples.
Matthew 28:9 As they were going to tell his disciples, Jesus met them and said, "Greetings." They came, took hold of his feet, and worshiped him.
Matthew 28:10 Jesus told them, "Don't be scared. Go and tell my brothers to go to Galilee, and they will see me there."
Matthew 28:11 As they were leaving, look, some of the guards went into the city and told the chief priests everything that had happened.
Matthew 28:12 When they met with the leaders and made their plan, they paid the soldiers a lot of money.
Matthew 28:13 Say, "His followers came at night and took him while we were sleeping."
Matthew 28:14 If the governor hears about this, we will talk to him and protect you.
Matthew 28:15 They took the money and did what they were told, and people still tell this story among the Jews today.
Matthew 28:16 Then the eleven followers went to Galilee, to a mountain where Jesus had told them to go.
Matthew 28:17 When they saw him, they worshiped him, but some were unsure.
Matthew 28:18 Jesus came and said to them, "I have been given all authority in heaven and on earth."
Matthew 28:19 Go and teach all people, baptize them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Matthew 28:20 Teach them to follow everything I have told you: and remember, I am with you always, to the end of time. Amen.
