Matthew 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 3:1 In those days, John the Baptist came, teaching in the desert of Judea.
Matthew 3:2 Say you're sorry, because God's kingdom is very near.
Matthew 3:3 This is the one the prophet Isaiah talked about when he said, "A voice calls out in the desert, 'Get the road ready for God, make a straight path for him.'"
Matthew 3:4 John wore clothes made of camel hair and a leather belt around his waist. He ate locusts and wild honey.
Matthew 3:5 People from Jerusalem, all of Judea, and the area around the Jordan River went to see him.
Matthew 3:6 They were baptized by him in the Jordan River, admitting their sins.
Matthew 3:7 When he saw many Pharisees and Sadducees at his baptism, he said to them, "You brood of snakes, who warned you to escape the coming anger?"
Matthew 3:8 Produce actions that show you have changed for the better.
Matthew 3:9 Don't think to yourselves, 'We have Abraham as our father.' I tell you, God can make children for Abraham from these stones.
Matthew 3:10 The axe is now at the tree roots; so any tree that doesn't grow good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
Matthew 3:11 I baptize you with water to show you have changed your heart and life. But the one who comes after me is stronger than I am. I'm not good enough to carry his sandals. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
Matthew 3:12 He holds a winnowing fork to clean his threshing area and gather the wheat into his barn; but he will burn the chaff with a fire that cannot be put out.
Matthew 3:13 Jesus came from Galilee to the Jordan River to be baptized by John.
Matthew 3:14 John stopped him, saying, "I should be baptized by you, and yet you come to me?"
Matthew 3:15 Jesus replied, "Let it happen now; this is how we do what is right." Then he allowed it.
Matthew 3:16 When Jesus was baptized and came up from the water, the sky opened to him, and he saw God's Spirit come down like a dove and land on him.
Matthew 3:17 A voice from heaven said, "This is my dear Son, who makes me very happy."
