Matthew 4 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Matthew/Chapter%204.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Matthew 4:1 Then Jesus was led by the Spirit into the desert to be tempted by the devil.
Matthew 4:2 After he fasted for forty days and nights, he felt hungry.
Matthew 4:3 When the tempter came to him, he said, "If you are the Son of God, tell these stones to become bread."
Matthew 4:4 He replied, "It is said, 'A person doesn't live only by eating bread, but by all words that come from God.'"
Matthew 4:5 Then the devil took him to the holy city and put him on the highest point of the temple.
Matthew 4:6 He said to him, "If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down. It is said, 'God will command His angels to take care of you. They will lift you up in their hands, so you won't hit your foot on a stone.'"
Matthew 4:7 Jesus told him, "It's also written, 'Don't test God.'"
Matthew 4:8 Once more, the devil took him to a very high mountain and showed him all the world's kingdoms and their splendor.
Matthew 4:9 He says to him, "I will give you all these things if you bow down and worship me."
Matthew 4:10 Jesus said to him, "Go away, Satan: because it is written, You should worship God your God, and only serve him."
Matthew 4:11 Then the devil left him, and look, angels came and helped him.
Matthew 4:12 When Jesus learned that John was put in jail, he went to Galilee.
Matthew 4:13 Leaving Nazareth, he went and lived in Capernaum by the sea, in the area of Zebulun and Naphtali.
Matthew 4:14 This was to fulfill what the prophet Isaiah had said:
Matthew 4:15 The land of Zabulon and the land of Naphtali, near the sea, across the Jordan River, Galilee where the non-Jews live;
Matthew 4:16 The people sitting in darkness have seen a great light, and those sitting in the area and shadow of death have had light shine on them.
Matthew 4:17 From then on, Jesus started to preach, saying, "Change your ways, for heaven's kingdom is near."
Matthew 4:18 Jesus, walking by the Sea of Galilee, saw two brothers, Simon called Peter, and his brother Andrew, throwing a net into the sea because they were fishermen.
Matthew 4:19 He said to them, "Follow me, and I will teach you to bring people to me."
Matthew 4:20 They immediately left their nets and followed him.
Matthew 4:21 Moving on from there, he saw two other brothers, James and John, the sons of Zebedee. They were in a boat with their father Zebedee, fixing their nets. He called to them.
Matthew 4:22 They quickly left the boat and their dad, and followed him.
Matthew 4:23 Jesus traveled throughout Galilee, teaching in their places of worship, sharing the good news of the kingdom, and curing every kind of illness and disease among the people.
Matthew 4:24 His fame spread all over Syria: and they brought to him all the sick with various diseases and pains, those with evil spirits, those who were insane, and those who were paralyzed; and he healed them.
Matthew 4:25 Many people followed him from Galilee, Decapolis, Jerusalem, Judea, and the area across the Jordan River.
