Luke 13 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Luke/Chapter%2013.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Luke 13:1 At that time, some people told Jesus about the Galileans whose blood Pilate had mixed with their sacrifices.
Luke 13:2 Jesus answered them, "Do you think that these Galileans were worse sinners than all the other Galileans because they suffered this way?"
Luke 13:3 I tell you, no: but unless you change your ways, you will all die just as well.
Luke 13:4 Do you think those eighteen people the tower in Siloam fell on and killed were worse sinners than all the other people living in Jerusalem?
Luke 13:5 I tell you, no: but if you don't change your ways, you will all die just as they did.
Luke 13:6 He also told this story: A man had a fig tree in his vineyard; he looked for fruit on it but found none.
Luke 13:7 He said to the vineyard worker, "Look, for three years I've been looking for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down; why should it waste the soil?"
Luke 13:8 He replied, "Master, leave it alone for one more year. I will dig around it and put fertilizer on it."
Luke 13:9 If it produces fruit, good; if not, then you should cut it down.
Luke 13:10 He was teaching in a synagogue on the Sabbath.
Luke 13:11 Look, there was a woman who had been sick for eighteen years, bent over and unable to straighten up at all.
Luke 13:12 When Jesus saw her, he called her over and said, "Woman, you are freed from your sickness."
Luke 13:13 He touched her, and right away she could stand up straight and she praised God.
Luke 13:14 The leader of the synagogue was upset because Jesus healed on the Sabbath. He told the people, "There are six days to work, so come to be healed on those days, not on the Sabbath."
Luke 13:15 God answered him, "You hypocrite! Doesn't each of you untie his ox or donkey from the stall on the Sabbath and lead it to drink water?"
Luke 13:16 Shouldn't this woman, a daughter of Abraham, who has been tied by Satan for eighteen years, be set free from this bond on the Sabbath day?
Luke 13:17 After he said this, all his enemies felt ashamed, and everyone was happy because of the wonderful things he did.
Luke 13:18 He asked, "What is God's kingdom like? What can I compare it to?"
Luke 13:19 It is like a mustard seed that a man took and planted in his garden. It grew and became a big tree, and the birds made nests in its branches.
Luke 13:20 He said again, "What can I compare God's kingdom to?"
Luke 13:21 It is like yeast that a woman mixed into a large amount of flour until it spread through all of it.
Luke 13:22 He traveled through towns and villages, teaching, and headed towards Jerusalem.
Luke 13:23 Someone asked him, "Sir, are only a few people going to be saved?" And he replied to them,
Luke 13:24 Try hard to go through the narrow door, because I tell you, many will try to enter and will not be able to.
Luke 13:25 When the owner of the house gets up and closes the door, and you start standing outside and knocking on the door, saying, "Sir, Sir, let us in," he will answer, "I don't know where you come from."
Luke 13:26 Then you will start to say, "We ate and drank with you, and you taught in our streets."
Luke 13:27 But he will say, I tell you, I do not know you or where you come from; go away from me, all you who do wrong.
Luke 13:28 You will cry and grind your teeth when you see Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and all the prophets in God's kingdom, but you are thrown out.
Luke 13:29 People will come from the east, west, north, and south, and will sit in God's kingdom.
Luke 13:30 Look, some who are last will be first, and some who are first will be last.
Luke 13:31 That day some Pharisees came and said to him, "Leave this place and go away, because Herod wants to kill you."
Luke 13:32 He said to them, "Go, tell that fox, 'Look, I drive out demons and heal people today and tomorrow, and on the third day I will complete my work.'"
Luke 13:33 I must go on my way today, tomorrow, and the next day, because it's not possible for a prophet to die outside of Jerusalem.
Luke 13:34 Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you; how often I wanted to bring your children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you didn't want that!
Luke 13:35 Look, your house is now empty: and I tell you, you won't see me until you say, 'Welcome is the one who comes in God's name.'
