Luke 16 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Luke/Chapter%2016.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Luke 16:1 He also told his disciples, "There was a rich man who had a manager accused of wasting his property."
Luke 16:2 He called him and asked, "Why am I hearing these things about you? Explain your management because you might not be the manager anymore."
Luke 16:3 The manager thought to himself, "What should I do? My master is taking away my job. I can't dig, and I'm too ashamed to beg."
Luke 16:4 I have decided what to do so that when I lose my job, people will welcome me into their homes.
Luke 16:5 He called each of his boss's debtors and asked the first one, "How much do you owe my boss?"
Luke 16:6 He said, "A hundred barrels of oil." Then he told him, "Take your bill, sit down fast, and write fifty."
Luke 16:7 Then he asked another, "How much do you owe?" And he replied, "A hundred measures of wheat." So he told him, "Take your bill and write eighty."
Luke 16:8 God praised the unfair manager, because he acted smartly: for the people of this world are smarter in their own time than the people of light.
Luke 16:9 I tell you, use your wealth to make friends for yourselves, so that when it's gone, they will welcome you into eternal homes.
Luke 16:10 Someone faithful in small things is also faithful in big things; and someone unfair in small things is also unfair in big things.
Luke 16:11 So if you have not been reliable with dishonest wealth, who will trust you with true riches?
Luke 16:12 If you have not been trustworthy with someone else's property, who will give you property of your own?
Luke 16:13 A worker can't work for two bosses: he will hate one and like the other, or be loyal to one and not care for the other. You can't work for God and money at the same time.
Luke 16:14 The Pharisees, who loved money, heard all he said and made fun of him.
Luke 16:15 He told them, "You try to show people you are right, but God knows your hearts. What people value highly is disgusting to God."
Luke 16:16 Before John, there were the law and the prophets; now the kingdom of God is taught, and everyone is trying to enter it.
Luke 16:17 It is simpler for heaven and earth to disappear than for the smallest part of God's law to be wrong.
Luke 16:18 Anyone who divorces his wife and marries someone else is unfaithful, and anyone who marries a woman divorced from her husband is unfaithful.
Luke 16:19 There was a rich man who wore purple and fine linen and lived in luxury every day.
Luke 16:20 A poor man named Lazarus, who was covered in sores, was placed at his gate.
Luke 16:21 He wanted to eat the crumbs that fell from the rich man's table. Even dogs came and licked his wounds.
Luke 16:22 The poor man died and the angels took him to be with Abraham. The rich man also died and was buried.
Luke 16:23 In hell, he opened his eyes, suffering in pain, and saw Abraham far away with Lazarus close to him.
Luke 16:24 He called out, "Father Abraham, please have pity on me. Send Lazarus to dip his finger in water and cool my tongue, because I am suffering in this fire."
Luke 16:25 Abraham said, "Son, remember that you had good things in your life, and Lazarus had bad things. But now he is comforted, and you are suffering."
Luke 16:26 Moreover, there is a big gap between us and you: so those who want to go from here to you can't, nor can anyone cross over to us from there.
Luke 16:27 He then said, "Please, father, send him to my father's house."
Luke 16:28 I have five brothers; he should warn them, so they won't come to this place of suffering.
Luke 16:29 Abraham says to him, "They have Moses and the prophets; they should listen to them."
Luke 16:30 And he said, "No, Father Abraham. But if someone from the dead goes to them, they will change their ways."
Luke 16:31 He told him, "If they don't listen to Moses and the prophets, they won't be convinced even if someone rises from the dead."
