Luke 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Luke/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Luke 2:1 At that time, Caesar Augustus ordered that everyone in the world should be counted and taxed.
Luke 2:2 This tax first happened when Cyrenius was the ruler of Syria.
Luke 2:3 Everyone went to register for taxes, each to their own city.
Luke 2:4 Joseph also left Galilee, from the town of Nazareth, to go to Judea, to the town called Bethlehem, the city of David, because he belonged to David's family line.
Luke 2:5 To register for taxes with Mary, his fiancée, who was pregnant.
Luke 2:6 While they were there, the time came for her to give birth.
Luke 2:7 She gave birth to her first son, wrapped him in baby clothes, and put him in a feeding trough because there was no space for them in the guesthouse.
Luke 2:8 In that area, shepherds were in the fields, staying with their sheep at night.
Luke 2:9 Suddenly, an angel of God appeared to them, and God's brightness shone all around them: and they were very scared.
Luke 2:10 The angel told them, "Don't be afraid; look, I have good news for you, a big joy that will be for everyone."
Luke 2:11 Today in David's city, a Savior is born for you, who is Christ the Lord.
Luke 2:12 This will be a sign for you; you will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a feeding trough.
Luke 2:13 Suddenly, many angels from heaven appeared with the angel, all praising God and saying,
Luke 2:14 Praise God in the highest, and on earth peace, kindness to people.
Luke 2:15 After the angels left and went to heaven, the shepherds said to each other, "Let's go to Bethlehem and see what has happened that God has told us about."
Luke 2:16 They hurried and found Mary, Joseph, and the baby lying in a feeding trough.
Luke 2:17 After they saw it, they shared the message that was told to them about this child.
Luke 2:18 Everyone who heard it was amazed at what the shepherds told them.
Luke 2:19 Mary remembered all these things and thought deeply about them in her heart.
Luke 2:20 The shepherds went back, praising and thanking God for everything they heard and saw, just as they had been told.
Luke 2:21 Eight days after the child was born, when it was time to circumcise him, he was named Jesus. This is the name the angel had given before he was born.
Luke 2:22 When her time of cleansing as required by Moses' law was completed, they took him to Jerusalem to present him to God.
Luke 2:23 The law of God says every first-born boy shall be considered sacred to God.
Luke 2:24 To give a sacrifice as the law of God says, two turtledoves or two young pigeons.
Luke 2:25 Look, there was a man in Jerusalem named Simeon. This man was fair and devoted, looking forward to Israel's comfort, and the Holy Spirit was with him.
Luke 2:26 God's Spirit told him he would not die before he saw God's promised Savior.
Luke 2:27 He was led by the Spirit to the temple. When Jesus' parents came to do as the law required,
Luke 2:28 He picked him up, blessed God, and said.
Luke 2:29 God, now you let your servant go in peace, as you promised.
Luke 2:30 My eyes have seen your salvation.
Luke 2:31 You have made ready before all people;
Luke 2:32 A light to make the non-Jews see, and the honor of your people Israel.
Luke 2:33 Joseph and his mother were amazed at what was said about him.
Luke 2:34 Simeon blessed them and told Mary his mother, "Look, this child is destined to cause many in Israel to fall and rise again; and to be a sign that will be opposed."
Luke 2:35 Yes, a sword will go through your own heart too, so that the secrets of many hearts will be shown.
Luke 2:36 Anna was a prophet, the daughter of Phanuel, from the Aser tribe. She was very old and had been married for seven years since she was young.
Luke 2:37 She was a widow of about 84 years old who never left the temple and served God with fasting and prayer day and night.
Luke 2:38 At that moment, she came in and thanked God too. She talked about him to everyone in Jerusalem waiting for salvation.
Luke 2:39 After they had done everything the law of God required, they went back to Galilee, to their home town of Nazareth.
Luke 2:40 The child grew up, became strong in spirit, was full of wisdom, and God's favor was with him.
Luke 2:41 His parents went to Jerusalem every year for the Passover feast.
Luke 2:42 When he was twelve, they went to Jerusalem for the festival as was their tradition.
Luke 2:43 After the days were complete and they were going back, Jesus stayed in Jerusalem without Joseph and his mother knowing.
Luke 2:44 But they thought he was with the group, so they traveled for a day. Then they looked for him among their relatives and friends.
Luke 2:45 When they didn't find him, they went back to Jerusalem to look for him.
Luke 2:46 Three days later, they found him in the temple. He was sitting with the teachers, listening to them and asking questions.
Luke 2:47 Everyone who heard him was amazed at his understanding and replies.
Luke 2:48 When they saw him, they were surprised. His mother asked him, "Son, why have you treated us this way? Look, your father and I have been searching for you with heavy hearts."
Luke 2:49 He asked them, "Why were you looking for me? Didn't you know that I need to do my Father's work?"
Luke 2:50 They did not understand what he said to them.
Luke 2:51 He went with them to Nazareth and obeyed them. His mother remembered all these things in her heart.
Luke 2:52 Jesus grew wiser and taller, and became liked by both God and people.
