Luke 6 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Luke/Chapter%206.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Luke 6:1 On the second Saturday following the first, Jesus walked through the grain fields. His followers picked some heads of grain, rubbed them in their hands, and ate them.
Luke 6:2 Some Pharisees asked them, "Why are you doing what's not allowed on the Sabbath?"
Luke 6:3 Jesus replied to them, "Haven't you read what David did when he and his followers were hungry?
Luke 6:4 He entered God's house, took and ate the bread on display, and also gave it to his companions, though only priests are allowed to eat it.
Luke 6:5 He told them that the Son of Man is also Lord of the Sabbath.
Luke 6:6 On another Sabbath, he went into the synagogue and taught. A man was there with a crippled right hand.
Luke 6:7 The teachers of the law and the Pharisees watched Jesus to see if he would heal on the Sabbath, so they could accuse him.
Luke 6:8 But he knew what they were thinking and said to the man with the weak hand, "Get up and stand here." And he got up and stood there.
Luke 6:9 Jesus said to them, I have one question for you: Is it right to do good or bad on the Sabbath? To save a life or to destroy it?
Luke 6:10 He looked at them all and said to the man, "Stretch out your hand." He did, and his hand was healed, just like the other one.
Luke 6:11 They were overcome with anger and discussed with each other what they should do to Jesus.
Luke 6:12 At that time, he went to a mountain to pray, and spent the whole night talking to God.
Luke 6:13 When it became daytime, he called his disciples to him and out of them, he picked twelve, whom he also called apostles.
Luke 6:14 Simon, who was also called Peter, and his brother Andrew, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,
Luke 6:15 Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called the Zealot,
Luke 6:16 Judas, James's brother, and Judas Iscariot, who was the traitor.
Luke 6:17 He came down with them and stood on the flat land with his followers and a large crowd from all over Judea and Jerusalem, and from the coast of Tyre and Sidon. They came to listen to him and to be cured of their sicknesses.
Luke 6:18 People troubled by evil spirits were healed.
Luke 6:19 The whole crowd wanted to touch him because healing power came from him and healed everyone.
Luke 6:20 He looked at his followers and said, "Happy are you who are poor: for the kingdom of God belongs to you."
Luke 6:21 Happy are you who are hungry now, because you will be satisfied. Happy are you who are crying now, because you will laugh.
Luke 6:22 You are blessed when people hate you, avoid you, insult you, and say you are evil because of the Son of man.
Luke 6:23 Be happy on that day and jump for joy, because your reward in heaven is big; their ancestors treated the prophets the same way.
Luke 6:24 But bad luck to you who are rich, because you have already gotten your comfort.
Luke 6:25 Trouble to you who are full, because you will be hungry. Trouble to you who laugh now, because you will be sad and cry.
Luke 6:26 Trouble comes to you when everyone says good things about you, because that's what they did for the fake prophets.
Luke 6:27 I tell you who are listening: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.
Luke 6:28 Be kind to those who curse you, and pray for those who are mean to you.
Luke 6:29 If someone hits you on one cheek, let them hit the other one too; and if someone takes your jacket, don't stop them from taking your shirt as well.
Luke 6:30 Give to everyone who asks you, and if someone takes your belongings, don't ask for them back.
Luke 6:31 Do to others what you would want them to do to you.
Luke 6:32 If you love only those who love you, what reward do you get? Even sinners love those who love them.
Luke 6:33 If you are good only to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners do that.
Luke 6:34 If you lend money to those you expect to pay you back, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, hoping to get back the same amount.
Luke 6:35 Love your enemies, do good, and lend without expecting anything back; your reward will be large, and you will be children of the Most High because God is kind to the ungrateful and wicked.
Luke 6:36 Be kind, just as your Father is kind.
Luke 6:37 Do not judge, and you won't be judged. Do not condemn, and you won't be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven.
Luke 6:38 Give, and you will receive; you will be given a lot, packed tight and overflowing, into your arms. Because the same amount you give will be given back to you.
Luke 6:39 He told them a story: If a blind person guides another blind person, won't they both fall into a hole?
Luke 6:40 A student is not greater than their teacher, but anyone who is fully trained will be like their teacher.
Luke 6:41 Why do you see the speck that is in your brother's eye, but do not notice the log that is in your own eye?
Luke 6:42 How can you tell your brother, 'Brother, let me take out the speck in your eye,' when you don't see the log in your own eye? You are acting fake. First, remove the log from your eye. Then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.
Luke 6:43 A good tree does not produce bad fruit, and a bad tree does not produce good fruit.
Luke 6:44 Every tree is recognized by its fruit. People don't pick figs from thorns, or grapes from bramble bushes.
Luke 6:45 A good person brings good things from the good in their heart, and a bad person brings bad things from the bad in their heart. What they have plenty of in their heart, their mouth talks about.
Luke 6:46 Why do you call me 'Lord, Lord,' and not do what I say?
Luke 6:47 Anyone who comes to me, listens to what I say, and follows it, I will show you what they are like:
Luke 6:48 He is like a person who built a house, dug deep, and set its base on rock: when the flood came, the water hit that house hard, but could not move it because it was built on rock.
Luke 6:49 But the person who listens and doesn't act is like someone who built a house on the ground without a foundation. When the river hit it hard, the house quickly fell apart, and was completely destroyed.
