Luke 7 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Luke/Chapter%207.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Luke 7:1 After finishing all his teachings in front of the people, he went into Capernaum.
Luke 7:2 A centurion had a servant he cared for deeply, who was ill and close to death.
Luke 7:3 When he heard about Jesus, he sent Jewish leaders to ask him to come and heal his servant.
Luke 7:4 When they reached Jesus, they urgently asked him, saying, "He deserves your help."
Luke 7:5 He loves our people and has built us a place to worship.
Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. When he was almost at the house, the centurion sent friends to say to him, "Sir, do not bother coming in, because I am not good enough for you to come under my roof.
Luke 7:7 That's why I didn't feel worthy to come to you myself; just say the word, and my servant will be healed.
Luke 7:8 I am also a man under authority, with soldiers under me. I tell one, 'Go,' and he goes; to another, 'Come,' and he comes; and to my servant, 'Do this,' and he does it.
Luke 7:9 When Jesus heard this, he was amazed and turning to the crowd following him, he said, "I tell you, I haven't found such strong faith even in Israel."
Luke 7:10 The messengers returned to the house and found the sick servant completely well.
Luke 7:11 The next day, he went to a city named Nain with many of his followers and a large crowd.
Luke 7:12 As he approached the city gate, he saw a group carrying out a dead man, the only son of his mother, who was a widow. Many people from the city were with her.
Luke 7:13 When God saw her, he felt sorry for her and said, "Don't cry."
Luke 7:14 He came and touched the coffin, and the people carrying it stopped. He said, "Young man, I tell you, get up."
Luke 7:15 The dead person sat up and started to talk. Then he was given back to his mother.
Luke 7:16 Everyone became afraid and praised God, saying, "A great prophet has appeared among us," and, "God has come to help his people."
Luke 7:17 News about him spread all over Judaea and the surrounding area.
Luke 7:18 John's followers told him about all these things.
Luke 7:19 John sent two of his disciples to ask Jesus, "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect someone else?"
Luke 7:20 When the men got to him, they said, "John the Baptizer sent us to ask you, are you the one we should expect, or should we wait for someone else?"
Luke 7:21 In that hour, he healed many people of their sicknesses and diseases, and of evil spirits; and he gave sight to many who were blind.
Luke 7:22 Jesus replied, "Go and tell John what you have seen and heard: the blind can see, the lame can walk, people with leprosy are healed, the deaf can hear, the dead are brought back to life, and the good news is told to the poor."
Luke 7:23 Happy is anyone who does not get upset because of me.
Luke 7:24 After John's messengers left, he started talking to the people about John, asking, "Why did you go out into the wilderness? To see a reed swayed by the wind?"
Luke 7:25 Why did you go out to see? A man dressed in fine clothes? Look, those in fancy clothes and living in luxury are in royal palaces.
Luke 7:26 But why did you go out? To see a prophet? Yes, I tell you, and even more than a prophet.
Luke 7:27 He is the one about whom it was written: Look, I send my messenger ahead of you to get things ready for you.
Luke 7:28 I tell you, among all born from women, no one is a greater prophet than John the Baptist. Yet even the least in God's kingdom is greater than he.
Luke 7:29 Everyone who heard him, including the tax collectors, acknowledged that God was right by getting baptized with John's baptism.
Luke 7:30 The Pharisees and legal experts did not accept God's plan for them because they were not baptized by him.
Luke 7:31 God asked, "What can I compare the people of this time to? What are they like?"
Luke 7:32 They are like children sitting in the market, calling to each other, saying, "We played music for you, but you didn't dance; we cried for you, but you didn't cry."
Luke 7:33 John the Baptist didn't eat bread or drink wine, and you say he has a demon.
Luke 7:34 The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and you say, 'Look, a man who eats too much and drinks too much wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!'
Luke 7:35 Wisdom is shown to be right by all who follow her.
Luke 7:36 A Pharisee wanted Jesus to have a meal with him. So Jesus went to the Pharisee's home and sat down to eat.
Luke 7:37 Look, a woman in the town who had done wrong things knew that Jesus was eating at a Pharisee's home, so she came with a jar of perfume.
Luke 7:38 She stood behind him at his feet crying, washed his feet with her tears, dried them with her hair, kissed his feet, and put perfume on them.
Luke 7:39 When the Pharisee who invited Jesus saw this, he thought, "If this man were a prophet, he would know what kind of woman is touching him, because she is a sinner."
Luke 7:40 Jesus replied to him, "Simon, I have something to tell you." And he said, "Teacher, go ahead."
Luke 7:41 A lender had two people who owed him money: one owed five hundred coins, and the other owed fifty.
Luke 7:42 When they couldn't pay, he freely forgave them both. So, which one will love him more?
Luke 7:43 Simon answered, "I think the one who was forgiven the most." And he said to him, "You have judged correctly."
Luke 7:44 He looked at the woman and said to Simon, "Do you see this woman? When I came into your home, you didn't give me water for my feet. But she has washed my feet with her tears and dried them with her hair."
Luke 7:45 You did not give me a kiss, but this woman hasn't stopped kissing my feet since I arrived.
Luke 7:46 You did not put oil on my head, but this woman has put perfume on my feet.
Luke 7:47 So I tell you, her many sins are forgiven because she loved a lot; but one who is forgiven little, loves little.
Luke 7:48 He told her, "Your sins are forgiven."
Luke 7:49 The people eating with him started to think, "Who is this who can also forgive sins?"
Luke 7:50 He told the woman, "Your faith has saved you; go in peace."
