Galatians 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/New%20Testament/Galatians/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Galatians 1:1 Paul, an apostle not chosen by people or through a person, but by Jesus Christ and God who brought him back from the dead.
Galatians 1:2 Me and all the friends here send greetings to the churches in Galatia.
Galatians 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God the Father and from our Lord Jesus Christ.
Galatians 1:4 He gave himself for our sins so he could save us from this evil world, as God our Father wanted.
Galatians 1:5 May glory be to God forever and ever. Amen.
Galatians 1:6 I am amazed that you are quickly turning away from God who called you by Christ's grace to a different good news.
Galatians 1:7 This is not really a different gospel, but some are troubling you, wanting to twist Christ's good news.
Galatians 1:8 Even if we or an angel from heaven tell you a different good news than what we already told you, that person should be considered cursed.
Galatians 1:9 I told you before, and I say it again, if anyone teaches a different message than what you received, they should be rejected.
Galatians 1:10 Am I now trying to win over people or God? Or am I trying to please people? If I were still trying to please people, I wouldn't be Christ's servant.
Galatians 1:11 I assure you, friends, that the good news I shared was not made by people.
Galatians 1:12 I did not get it from any person, nor was I taught it, but Jesus Christ revealed it to me.
Galatians 1:13 You have heard about how I lived long ago, following the Jewish religion, and how I persecuted God's church greatly and tried to destroy it.
Galatians 1:14 I advanced in the Jewish faith more than many peers in my country, being much more passionate about the traditions of my ancestors.
Galatians 1:15 But when God, who set me apart from birth and called me by his kindness,
Galatians 1:16 To show his Son through me, so I could tell about him to non-believers; I did not immediately consult with any person.
Galatians 1:17 I did not go to Jerusalem to see those who were apostles before me; instead, I went to Arabia and then came back to Damascus.
Galatians 1:18 Three years later, I went to Jerusalem to meet Peter and stayed with him for fifteen days.
Galatians 1:19 I did not see any other apostles, only James, the brother of the Lord.
Galatians 1:20 I am telling you the truth, I am not lying, and God knows this.
Galatians 1:21 Next, I went to the areas of Syria and Cilicia.
Galatians 1:22 The churches in Judea that belonged to Christ did not know me by face.
Galatians 1:23 They had only heard that the one who used to persecute us now preaches the faith he once tried to destroy.
Galatians 1:24 They praised God because of me.
