Isaiah 11 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2011.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 11:1 A branch will grow from the stump of Jesse, and a shoot will come up from his roots.
Isaiah 11:2 God's spirit will be with him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of advice and strength, the spirit of knowledge and respect for God.
Isaiah 11:3 He will understand quickly how to respect God, and he won't decide by only what he sees, nor correct by just what he hears.
Isaiah 11:4 He will fairly judge the poor and decide with fairness for the humble of the earth. He will strike the land with his word, and with his speech, he will kill the wicked.
Isaiah 11:5 Righteousness will be his belt, and faithfulness the belt around his waist.
Isaiah 11:6 The wolf will live with the lamb, the leopard will lie down with the baby goat, the calf, the young lion, and the well-fed animal will be together; and a small child will guide them.
Isaiah 11:7 Cows and bears will eat together; their babies will lie down close; and lions will eat grass like oxen.
Isaiah 11:8 The nursing baby will play over the viper's hole, and the child who no longer nurses will put his hand on the snake's nest.
Isaiah 11:9 People will not hurt or destroy anything on my holy mountain, because the earth will be filled with knowledge about God, just as water fills the sea.
Isaiah 11:10 On that day, Jesse's descendant will be like a flag for all peoples; nations will come to him, and his place will be wonderful.
Isaiah 11:11 On that day, God will reach out again to bring back the survivors of his people from Assyria, Egypt, Pathros, Cush, Elam, Shinar, Hamath, and the islands of the sea.
Isaiah 11:12 He will raise a flag for all countries, and will bring together Israel's scattered people, and collect Judah's spread-out ones from all over the world.
Isaiah 11:13 Ephraim's jealousy will go away, and Judah's enemies will be defeated: Ephraim will not be jealous of Judah, and Judah will not bother Ephraim.
Isaiah 11:14 They will soar over the Philistines in the west and take the riches of those in the east. They will take control of Edom and Moab, and the people of Ammon will follow them.
Isaiah 11:15 God will completely destroy the sea by Egypt and, with a strong wind, will sweep his hand over the river, dividing it into seven streams so that people can cross on dry land.
Isaiah 11:16 A road will be made for the survivors of his people left in Assyria, just like the one for Israel when they left Egypt.
