Isaiah 22 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2022.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 22:1 The trouble with the Valley of Vision. What's wrong with you that you've all gone up to the rooftops?
Isaiah 22:2 You are busy and noisy, a city full of chaos, a city of joy: your dead were not killed by the sword, nor died in war.
Isaiah 22:3 All your leaders have run away together, they've been captured by the archers; everyone found in you is tied up, after having fled from a distance.
Isaiah 22:4 So I said, "Turn away from me; I will cry hard. Do not try to comfort me because my people have been destroyed."
Isaiah 22:5 It is a day of trouble, stomping, and confusion by God in the vision valley, tearing down walls, and shouting to the mountains.
Isaiah 22:6 Elam carried the arrows with chariots and horsemen, and Kir took off the shield cover.
Isaiah 22:7 Your best valleys will be filled with chariots, and horsemen will line up at the gate.
Isaiah 22:8 He removed Judah's protection, and you looked for weapons in the Forest House on that day.
Isaiah 22:9 You have also seen the breaks in the wall of the city of David; there are many. And you collected the water from the lower pool.
Isaiah 22:10 You have counted the houses of Jerusalem, and you have torn down some to strengthen the wall.
Isaiah 22:11 You also made a trench between the two walls for the water from the old pool, but you did not consider its creator or show respect to the one who made it long ago.
Isaiah 22:12 On that day, God called for crying, sorrow, shaved heads, and wearing rough cloth.
Isaiah 22:13 Look, happiness and fun, killing cows and sheep, eating meat, and drinking wine: let's eat and drink because tomorrow we will die.
Isaiah 22:14 God told me, "This sin will not be forgiven until you die," says God.
Isaiah 22:15 This is what God says: Go to Shebna, the treasurer who is in charge of the palace, and tell him.
Isaiah 22:16 What do you have here? Who is with you that you've carved a tomb here, like one who cuts a tomb up high and chisels a home for himself in the rock?
Isaiah 22:17 Look, God will take you away with strong force and will surely hide you.
Isaiah 22:18 God will surely throw you around roughly like a ball into a big land; there you will die, and there your splendid chariots will become your master's disgrace.
Isaiah 22:19 I will force you out of your position, and he will bring you down from your high status.
Isaiah 22:20 On that day, I will call my servant Eliakim, Hilkiah's son.
Isaiah 22:21 I will dress him in your robe, give him your belt to make him strong, and put him in charge of your duties. He will be like a father to the people of Jerusalem and to the family of Judah.
Isaiah 22:22 I will put the key to David's house on his shoulder; he will open, and no one can close; he will close, and no one can open.
Isaiah 22:23 I will secure him like a nail in a firm place; and he will be like a magnificent seat of honor for his family.
Isaiah 22:24 They will place on him all the honor of his family, the children and descendants, every small container, from cups to all types of jugs.
Isaiah 22:25 On that day, God says, the secure nail will be taken out, cut down, and fall; and the load on it will be removed because God has said so.
