Isaiah 25 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2025.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 25:1 God, you are my God; I will lift you up, I will praise your name; because you have done amazing things; your long-ago plans are faithful and true.
Isaiah 25:2 You have turned a city into a pile of rubble; a fortified city into ruins. A place where foreigners lived, it will no longer be a city; it will never be rebuilt.
Isaiah 25:3 So, powerful people will honor you; cities of fierce nations will fear you.
Isaiah 25:4 You have been a help to the poor, a support to those in need when in trouble, a shelter from the storm, a shade from the heat, when the fierce ones attack like a storm against a wall.
Isaiah 25:5 You will quiet the noise of outsiders, like heat in a dry place; as a cloud's shadow cools the heat, so the power of the cruel ones will be cut down.
Isaiah 25:6 In this mountain, God will prepare a feast for all people with rich foods and aged wines, with fine meats and the best wines.
Isaiah 25:7 He will remove the veil covering all nations and the shroud over all peoples on this mountain.
Isaiah 25:8 He will completely defeat death; God will wipe away all tears; and He will remove His people's shame from the whole earth: because God has declared it.
Isaiah 25:9 On that day, people will say, "Look, this is our God; we have waited for him to save us. This is God; we've waited for him. We will be happy and celebrate his rescue."
Isaiah 25:10 In this mountain, God's hand will rest, and Moab will be stepped on under him, just like straw is stepped on for the manure pile.
Isaiah 25:11 He will stretch out his arms among them, like a swimmer stretches out to swim: and he will lower their pride along with their treasures.
Isaiah 25:12 God will tear down the strong fortress in your high walls, flatten and reduce it to dust.
