Isaiah 3 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%203.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 3:1 Look, God will remove from Jerusalem and Judah all support, the entire supply of bread, and all the water.
Isaiah 3:2 The strong man, the soldier, the judge, the prophet, the wise person, and the elder,
Isaiah 3:3 The leader of fifty, the respected man, the advisor, the skilled worker, and the good speaker.
Isaiah 3:4 I will make children their leaders, and young ones will rule over them.
Isaiah 3:5 People will mistreat each other, neighbors will act badly towards one another, the young will disrespect the old, and the lowly will act rudely towards the respected.
Isaiah 3:6 If a man grabs his brother from his father's family and says, "You have clothes, be our leader and take charge of this mess."
Isaiah 3:7 On that day, he will promise, saying, "I do not want to heal; for there is neither food nor clothes in my house: do not make me a leader of the people."
Isaiah 3:8 Jerusalem is destroyed, and Judah has fallen, because their speech and actions are against God, angering his glorious presence.
Isaiah 3:9 Their faces show their guilt; they brag about their sins like Sodom and don't hide them. Trouble to them, for they have brought evil upon themselves.
Isaiah 3:10 Tell the good people that things will go well for them, because they will enjoy what their actions have earned.
Isaiah 3:11 Trouble will come to the bad person; he will be paid back for what he has done.
Isaiah 3:12 My people are pushed around by children and ruled by women. My people, your leaders mislead you and ruin your paths.
Isaiah 3:13 God stands up to argue his case and stands to judge the people.
Isaiah 3:14 God will judge the elders and leaders of his people because you have destroyed the vineyard, and the robbed goods of the poor are in your homes.
Isaiah 3:15 Why are you hurting my people and crushing the poor? says God.
Isaiah 3:16 God says, because the women of Zion are proud, walking with their heads high and flirting with their eyes, strutting as they go, and their feet make sounds.
Isaiah 3:17 So God will strike the tops of Zion's daughters' heads with sores, and God will expose their private parts.
Isaiah 3:18 On that day, God will remove their ankle bracelets, headbands, and crescent necklaces.
Isaiah 3:19 The chains, the bracelets, and the scarves,
Isaiah 3:20 The caps, leg accessories, headbands, perfume boxes, and earrings,
Isaiah 3:21 The rings and nose rings
Isaiah 3:22 The different sets of clothes, the cloaks, the headscarves, and the hairpins,
Isaiah 3:23 The eyeglasses, the nice cloth, the head coverings, and the scarves.
Isaiah 3:24 It will happen that where there was once perfume, there will be a bad smell; instead of a belt, torn clothes; instead of nicely done hair, baldness; instead of fine clothes, rough sackcloth; and scars will replace beauty.
Isaiah 3:25 Your men will die by the sword, and your strong will fall in battle.
Isaiah 3:26 Her gates will cry and grieve; and she, being empty, will sit on the ground.
