Isaiah 38 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2038.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 38:1 Hezekiah was very sick and near death. The prophet Isaiah, Amoz's son, came to him and said, "God says, 'Get your home ready, because you are going to die; you will not survive.'"
Isaiah 38:2 Hezekiah turned to face the wall and prayed to God.
Isaiah 38:3 He said, "Please remember, God, how I have lived in truth before you with a faithful heart, doing what is good in your eyes." And Hezekiah cried a lot.
Isaiah 38:4 God spoke to Isaiah, saying,
Isaiah 38:5 Go and tell Hezekiah, 'God, the God of your ancestor David, says: I have heard your prayer and seen your tears. Look, I will extend your life by fifteen years.'
Isaiah 38:6 I will save you and this city from the king of Assyria's control, and I will protect this city.
Isaiah 38:7 This will be a sign for you from God: God will do what he has said.
Isaiah 38:8 Look, I will make the shadow that has moved down Ahaz's sundial go back ten steps. So the shadow moved back ten steps from where it had gone down.
Isaiah 38:9 This is the message from Hezekiah, the king of Judah, when he was sick and then got better from his illness.
Isaiah 38:10 I said when my life was being cut short, I will go to the gates of death: I will miss out on the rest of my years.
Isaiah 38:11 I said, I will not see God, God, among those alive: I will no longer see people with those on earth.
Isaiah 38:12 My life has passed and is gone like a shepherd's tent: I have ended my own life like a weaver: God will finish me off with wasting illness: from day to night you will end me.
Isaiah 38:13 I thought until morning that, like a lion, he would break all my bones; from day to night you will finish me.
Isaiah 38:14 Like a bird or a swallow, I chirped: I cried like a dove: my eyes are tired from looking up: Oh God, I am overwhelmed; help me.
Isaiah 38:15 What should I say? God has spoken to me and made it happen: I will walk gently all my life feeling the bitterness in my heart.
Isaiah 38:16 God, by these things people live, and in all these is my spirit's life: so you will heal me and let me live.
Isaiah 38:17 Look, I was very bitter when I wanted peace, but because you love me, you saved me from total destruction; you have put all my sins out of sight.
Isaiah 38:18 The grave cannot praise you, death cannot honor you; those who go into the pit cannot hope for your truth.
Isaiah 38:19 Living people will praise you, just like I do today; parents will tell their children about your truth.
Isaiah 38:20 God was ready to save me, so we will sing my songs with stringed instruments every day of our life in God's house.
Isaiah 38:21 Isaiah said, "Let them take a lump of figs and put it on the boil as a poultice, and he will get better."
Isaiah 38:22 Hezekiah also asked, "What is the sign that I will go to God's house?"
