Isaiah 43 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2043.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 43:1 But now, God who made you, Jacob, and shaped you, Israel, says: Don't be afraid, for I have saved you; I have called you by your name; you are mine.
Isaiah 43:2 When you go through the waters, I will be with you; and when you go through the rivers, they won't flood you: when you walk through the fire, you won't be burned; and the flame won't set you on fire.
Isaiah 43:3 I am your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior: I traded Egypt, Ethiopia, and Seba for your freedom.
Isaiah 43:4 Because you are valuable to me, you are honored, and I love you: so I will trade other people for you and give nations in exchange for your life.
Isaiah 43:5 Do not be afraid, for I am with you. I will bring your offspring from the east and gather you from the west.
Isaiah 43:6 I will tell the north, 'Let go,' and the south, 'Don't hold back.' Bring my sons from distant places, and my daughters from the ends of the earth.
Isaiah 43:7 Everyone who is known by my name, I created for my glory; I shaped them and made them.
Isaiah 43:8 Bring out the blind who can see, and the deaf who can hear.
Isaiah 43:9 Let all countries come together, and the people gather: who can tell us about this and show us what happened before? Let them present their witnesses to prove they are right, or listen and say, "It is true."
Isaiah 43:10 You are my witnesses, says God, and the servant I have chosen: so you will know and believe me, and realize that I am the one: there was no God before me, nor will there be any after me.
Isaiah 43:11 I am God, and there is no one else who can save.
Isaiah 43:12 I have told you, saved you, and shown you myself when there was no other god with you: so you are my witnesses, says God, that I am the only God.
Isaiah 43:13 Yes, before there was a day, I am he; no one can rescue from my hand: I will act, and who can stop it?
Isaiah 43:14 God says, "I am your rescuer, the Holy One of Israel. For you, I went to Babylon, brought down all their leaders, and the Chaldeans who shout in the ships."
Isaiah 43:15 I am God, your Holy One, the maker of Israel, your King.
Isaiah 43:16 God says, who makes a way in the sea and a path in the strong waters.
Isaiah 43:17 God brings out chariots and horses, armies and strength; they fall and can't get up; they are snuffed out like a flame.
Isaiah 43:18 Don't remember past things or think about old things.
Isaiah 43:19 Look, I will do something new; it will happen soon. Won't you be aware of it? I will make a path in the wild and streams in the dry land.
Isaiah 43:20 The wild animals will honor me, the dragons and the owls, because I provide water in the wild and streams in the desert to give my chosen people something to drink.
Isaiah 43:21 I created these people for myself; they will tell of my praise.
Isaiah 43:22 You have not called on me, O Jacob; you have grown tired of me, O Israel.
Isaiah 43:23 You have not brought me the young animals for your burnt offerings; you have also not honored me with your sacrifices. I have not made you work hard with offerings or tired you with incense.
Isaiah 43:24 You did not buy me sweet cane with money, nor did you offer me the best parts of your sacrifices; but you made me work with your sins, you tired me out with your wrongdoings.
Isaiah 43:25 I am the one who erases your wrongs for my own sake, and I will not remember your sins.
Isaiah 43:26 Remind me; let's discuss it together. You state your case to prove you're right.
Isaiah 43:27 Your first ancestor sinned, and your guides have disobeyed me.
Isaiah 43:28 So I have disgraced the sacred leaders, and let Jacob be cursed, and Israel be insulted.
