Isaiah 53 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2053.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 53:1 Who has believed what we said? And to whom has God shown his power?
Isaiah 53:2 He will grow up before God like a young plant and as a root from dry soil. He has no attractive form or beauty; when we see him, nothing in his appearance makes us want him.
Isaiah 53:3 People dislike and ignore him; he is a man who knows sadness and pain: we all turned away from him; he was disliked, and we did not value him.
Isaiah 53:4 He surely took on our pains and carried our sadness, but we thought he was punished by God, hit by him, and suffering.
Isaiah 53:5 He was hurt for our wrongs, he was beaten for our sins. The punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed.
Isaiah 53:6 We all, like sheep, have wandered off; each of us has gone our own way; and God has put on him the wrongs of us all.
Isaiah 53:7 He was mistreated and he suffered, but he did not speak: he is led like a lamb to be killed, and like a sheep is silent before its shearers, so he does not speak.
Isaiah 53:8 He was freed from jail and trial. Who will speak of his descendants? He was removed from the living because my people did wrong, and he suffered for them.
Isaiah 53:9 He was buried with bad people, and although wealthy when he died, he had not been violent or lied.
Isaiah 53:10 God chose to hurt him; God made him suffer. When you offer his life for sin, he will see his children, live a long life, and God's will succeed through him.
Isaiah 53:11 He will see the results of his suffering and be content. Through his understanding, my good servant will make many people right with God, because he will carry their wrongs.
Isaiah 53:12 So I will give him a share with the great, and he will share the winnings with the mighty, because he gave his life to death: he was counted with the wrongdoers; he took on many people's sins and spoke up for the wrongdoers.
