Isaiah 55 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2055.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 55:1 Everyone who is thirsty, come to the water. Even if you have no money, come, buy, and eat. Yes, come and get wine and milk for free, without paying.
Isaiah 55:2 Why spend money on what is not food, and work hard for what does not satisfy? Listen carefully to me, and eat what is good, and enjoy rich food.
Isaiah 55:3 Lean in to listen, come to me; pay attention, and you will have life. I will promise you forever-lasting kindness, like I did for David.
Isaiah 55:4 Look, I have made him a witness to the people, a leader and commander for them.
Isaiah 55:5 Look, you will call a country you do not know, and countries that did not know you will come to you because of God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he has honored you.
Isaiah 55:6 Look for God while he can be found, call on him while he is close by.
Isaiah 55:7 Let the bad person stop doing wrong and the unjust person change their thoughts. Let them turn back to God, and He will be kind to them; turn to our God because He will fully forgive them.
Isaiah 55:8 My thoughts are not your thoughts, and your ways are not my ways, says God.
Isaiah 55:9 Just as the sky is higher than the ground, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.
Isaiah 55:10 Just as rain and snow fall from the sky and do not return without watering the earth, making it sprout and grow, providing seeds for the farmer and food to eat:
Isaiah 55:11 My word that comes out of my mouth will not come back to me empty. Instead, it will do what I want, and it will succeed in what I send it to do.
Isaiah 55:12 You will leave with joy and be guided in peace. The mountains and hills will burst into song before you, and all the trees will clap their hands.
Isaiah 55:13 Where there were thorns, the fir tree will grow, and where there were briers, the myrtle tree will grow. This will bring honor to God, a lasting sign that will not be destroyed.
