Isaiah 56 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2056.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 56:1 God says, "Keep fair judgment, and do what is right: for my rescue is close to coming, and my goodness will soon be shown."
Isaiah 56:2 Happy is the person who does this, and the human who holds on to it; who keeps the Sabbath without ruining it, and stops his hand from doing any bad thing.
Isaiah 56:3 A foreigner who has chosen to follow God should not say, "God has totally cut me off from his people." And a eunuch should not say, "Look, I am just a dead tree."
Isaiah 56:4 God says to the eunuchs who follow my Sabbaths, choose what pleases me, and commit to my promise;
Isaiah 56:5 I will give them a place and a name better than sons and daughters within my house and walls; they will have an everlasting name that will never be taken away.
Isaiah 56:6 Foreigners who connect with God to serve Him and love His name, becoming His servants, who keep the Sabbath without spoiling it and follow my agreement.
Isaiah 56:7 I will bring them to my holy mountain and give them joy in my house of prayer. Their burnt offerings and sacrifices will be welcome on my altar, for my house will be known as a house of prayer for everyone.
Isaiah 56:8 God, who brings Israel's scattered people together, says, "I will also bring others to join those I have already gathered."
Isaiah 56:9 All you wild animals of the fields, come to eat; yes, all you animals in the forests.
Isaiah 56:10 His guards are blind; they know nothing. They are all silent dogs; they can't bark. They are sleeping, lying down, and enjoy sleeping.
Isaiah 56:11 Yes, they are greedy dogs that can never get enough, and they are shepherds who do not understand. They all only look out for themselves, each one for his own profit.
Isaiah 56:12 Come on, they say, let's get wine and get drunk on hard liquor; tomorrow will be like today, and even better.
