Isaiah 59 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2059.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 59:1 Look, God's hand is not too short to save; nor is his ear too dull to hear.
Isaiah 59:2 Your wrongs have come between you and God, and your sins have hidden his face from you, so he will not listen.
Isaiah 59:3 Your hands are dirty with blood, and your fingers with wrong; your lips have told lies, your tongue whispers twisted things.
Isaiah 59:4 No one asks for justice or argues for truth; they rely on what's empty and tell lies; they make trouble and cause wrongdoing.
Isaiah 59:5 They hatch poisonous snake eggs and spin spider webs: whoever eats their eggs dies, and when one is stepped on, a viper hatches.
Isaiah 59:6 Their webs can't be made into clothes, nor can they cover themselves with what they do: their actions are sinful, and they do violent things.
Isaiah 59:7 Their feet rush to do bad things, and they hurry to spill innocent blood. They plan sinful things; ruin and damage are on their way.
Isaiah 59:8 They do not know the way to peace; their paths are not fair: whoever walks in them will not find peace.
Isaiah 59:9 So justice is far from us, and fairness doesn't reach us. We hope for light but only find darkness; we look for brightness but walk in gloom.
Isaiah 59:10 We search for the wall like blind people, and we fumble as though we can't see. We trip at midday as if it were dark; we are in empty spaces like the dead.
Isaiah 59:11 We all growl like bears and sadly cry like doves; we hope for fairness, but find none; for rescue, but it's far away from us.
Isaiah 59:12 We have many sins against you, and our wrongs show our guilt; our sins are always with us, and we know our bad acts.
Isaiah 59:13 By breaking rules and lying about God, turning away from our God, talking about hurting others and rebelling, thinking and saying untrue things from our heart.
Isaiah 59:14 Judgment is avoided, and justice is distant because truth has failed in public, and fairness cannot come in.
Isaiah 59:15 Yes, truth is lacking; and those who avoid doing wrong become victims. God saw this and was unhappy because there was no justice.
Isaiah 59:16 He saw no one was there and was surprised no one intervened; so he himself brought salvation, and his goodness supported him.
Isaiah 59:17 He wore fairness like armor on his chest and put on a helmet of rescue on his head; he dressed himself in revengeful clothes and wrapped intense passion around himself like a cape.
Isaiah 59:18 God will pay back everyone based on what they have done; he will show anger to his foes and settle scores with his enemies; he will also repay those who live on the islands.
Isaiah 59:19 People will respect God's name in the west and his greatness where the sun rises. When enemies attack like a rushing water, God's Spirit will raise a flag to stand against them.
Isaiah 59:20 God will come to Zion and to those in Jacob who stop doing wrong, says God.
Isaiah 59:21 I promise you this, says God: My Spirit with you and the words I've given you will always be on your lips and on the lips of your children and grandchildren, now and forever, says God.
