Isaiah 62 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Isaiah/Chapter%2062.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Isaiah 62:1 For Zion's sake, I will not keep quiet, and for Jerusalem's sake, I will not stop working until its goodness shines out like the dawn, and its rescue blazes like a burning lamp.
Isaiah 62:2 People from other nations will see how good you are, and all rulers will see your honor. You will be given a new name chosen by God.
Isaiah 62:3 You will also be a crown of glory in God's hand, and a royal crown in the hand of your God.
Isaiah 62:4 You will no longer be called Forsaken, nor will your land be called Desolate. Instead, you will be known as Hephzibah, and your land Beulah, for God delights in you, and your land will be married.
Isaiah 62:5 Just as a young man marries a young woman, your sons will marry you. And just as a groom is happy with his bride, God will be happy with you.
Isaiah 62:6 I have placed guards on your walls, Jerusalem, who will never be silent day or night. You who remember God, never stop speaking.
Isaiah 62:7 Don't let him rest until he makes Jerusalem respected all over the world.
Isaiah 62:8 God has promised with his power, "I won't let your enemies eat your grain, or strangers drink the wine you worked for."
Isaiah 62:9 Those who gathered it will eat it and thank God; those who collected it will drink it in the holy places.
Isaiah 62:10 Pass through, pass through the gates; make a path for the people; build up, build up the road; remove the stones; raise a flag for the people.
Isaiah 62:11 Look, God has announced to the world's end, "Tell the people of Zion, 'Look, your rescuer is coming; see, he brings his reward and his work is ahead of him.'"
Isaiah 62:12 People will call them God's holy people, the ones God saved; and you will be known as the city that was searched for and not abandoned.
