Song of Solomon 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Song%20of%20Solomon/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Song of Solomon 1:1 The best song, which is Solomon's.
Song of Solomon 1:2 Let him kiss me with his mouth's kisses: because your love is better than wine.
Song of Solomon 1:3 Because your perfumes smell so good, your name is like perfume spreading out, so young women love you.
Song of Solomon 1:4 Pull me, and we'll run after you. The king brought me into his rooms. We'll be happy and celebrate in you. We will think about your love more than wine. Good people love you.
Song of Solomon 1:5 I am dark and beautiful, O women of Jerusalem, like the tents of Kedar, like Solomon's drapes.
Song of Solomon 1:6 Do not stare at me because I am dark, for the sun has darkened me. My siblings were mad at me; they made me watch over the vineyards, but I did not take care of my own vineyard.
Song of Solomon 1:7 Tell me, you whom my soul loves, where you feed your flock and where you rest them at noon, for why should I be like one who wanders beside the flocks of your friends?
Song of Solomon 1:8 If you don't know, most beautiful woman, follow the path where the sheep walked, and feed your young goats near the shepherds' tents.
Song of Solomon 1:9 I have compared you, my love, to a group of horses in Pharaoh's chariots.
Song of Solomon 1:10 Your cheeks look lovely with rows of jewels, your neck with gold chains.
Song of Solomon 1:11 We will create gold borders for you with silver dots.
Song of Solomon 1:12 While the king is at his table, my perfume spreads its fragrance.
Song of Solomon 1:13 My loved one is like a bundle of myrrh to me; he will rest between my breasts all night.
Song of Solomon 1:14 My loved one is to me like a bunch of henna flowers in the vineyards of En Gedi.
Song of Solomon 1:15 Look, you are beautiful, my love; look, you are beautiful; your eyes are like doves.
Song of Solomon 1:16 Look, you are beautiful, my loved one, yes, delightful; our bed is also fresh and green.
Song of Solomon 1:17 The support beams of our house are made of cedar, and the beams of our roof are fir.
