Song of Solomon 2 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Song%20of%20Solomon/Chapter%202.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Song of Solomon 2:1 I am the rose of Sharon and the lily of the valleys.
Song of Solomon 2:2 Like a lily among thorns, so is my loved one among the women.
Song of Solomon 2:3 Just like an apple tree stands out from the forest trees, so my loved one stands out among other men. I enjoyed sitting in his shade, and his fruit tasted sweet to me.
Song of Solomon 2:4 He took me to a feast, and he showed his love for me like a flag.
Song of Solomon 2:5 Support me with raisins, cheer me up with apples; I am overwhelmed with love.
Song of Solomon 2:6 His left hand is under my head, and his right hand hugs me.
Song of Solomon 2:7 I ask you, young women of Jerusalem, by the gazelles and deer of the fields, not to disturb or awaken my love until he wishes.
Song of Solomon 2:8 I hear my loved one's voice! Look, he's coming, jumping over the mountains, hopping on the hills.
Song of Solomon 2:9 My loved one is like a deer or a young stag: look, he stands behind our wall, he looks in at the windows, showing himself through the trellis.
Song of Solomon 2:10 My loved one spoke and said to me, Get up, my love, my beautiful one, and come with me.
Song of Solomon 2:11 The winter is over, the rain has stopped.
Song of Solomon 2:12 Flowers show up on the earth; it's time for birds to sing, and we hear the turtle dove in our land.
Song of Solomon 2:13 The fig tree grows its young figs, and the grapevines with new grapes smell sweet. Get up, my love, my beautiful one, and come with me.
Song of Solomon 2:14 My dove hiding in the rocks and secret stairways, show me your face, let me hear your voice; your voice is sweet, and your face is lovely.
Song of Solomon 2:15 Catch the foxes for us, the small foxes that ruin the vineyards; our vineyards are blooming.
Song of Solomon 2:16 My loved one belongs to me, and I belong to him; he grazes among the flowers.
Song of Solomon 2:17 Wait until the day starts and the shadows vanish, then come back, my loved one, and be like a deer or young stag on the Bether hills.
