Song of Solomon 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Song%20of%20Solomon/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Song of Solomon 5:1 I have come into my garden, my sister, my partner: I have collected my myrrh and spices; I have eaten my honeycomb and honey; I have drunk my wine and milk. Eat, friends; drink, yes, drink a lot, my loved one.
Song of Solomon 5:2 I am asleep, but my heart is awake: it's my loved one's voice knocking, saying, "Let me in, my sister, my love, my pure one, my dove; because my head is wet with dew, and my hair with the dampness of the night."
Song of Solomon 5:3 I took off my coat; why should I put it back on? I cleaned my feet; why should I get them dirty again?
Song of Solomon 5:4 My loved one reached in through the door opening, and I was deeply stirred for him.
Song of Solomon 5:5 I got up to open the door for my loved one; my hands dripped with myrrh, and my fingers with fragrant myrrh, on the lock's handles.
Song of Solomon 5:6 I opened the door for my loved one, but he had left and was gone. My heart sank when he spoke. I looked for him but couldn't find him. I called him, but he didn't answer me.
Song of Solomon 5:7 The guards patrolling the city found me and beat me; they hurt me. The wall keepers took my veil away.
Song of Solomon 5:8 I ask you, women of Jerusalem, if you see my loved one, please tell him I am deeply in love.
Song of Solomon 5:9 What makes your beloved better than any other, O most beautiful among women? What makes your beloved stand out that you give us such a command?
Song of Solomon 5:10 My loved one is fair and has a healthy red glow, the most outstanding among ten thousand.
Song of Solomon 5:11 His head is like the finest gold, his hair is thick and black as a raven.
Song of Solomon 5:12 His eyes are like dove's eyes by streams of water, bathed in milk, and perfectly placed.
Song of Solomon 5:13 His cheeks are like a garden of sweet spices, and sweet flowers; his lips are like lilies, dripping with the sweet scent of myrrh.
Song of Solomon 5:14 His hands are like gold rings with beryl stones; his stomach is like polished ivory decorated with sapphires.
Song of Solomon 5:15 His legs are like marble columns on gold bases: his face is like Lebanon, as grand as the cedars.
Song of Solomon 5:16 His words are very sweet; yes, he is completely beautiful. This is my loved one, and this is my friend, O women of Jerusalem.
