Song of Solomon 8 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Song%20of%20Solomon/Chapter%208.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Song of Solomon 8:1 I wish you were like my brother, who nursed at my mother's breasts! If I saw you outside, I would kiss you and no one would look down on me.
Song of Solomon 8:2 I would guide you and take you to my mother's home, where she would teach me. I would give you spiced wine to drink, made from my pomegranates.
Song of Solomon 8:3 His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should hug me.
Song of Solomon 8:4 I tell you, O women of Jerusalem, do not disturb or wake up my love until he wants to.
Song of Solomon 8:5 Who is this coming from the desert, leaning on her loved one? I woke you up under the apple tree. There your mother gave birth to you; there she who had you, gave birth.
Song of Solomon 8:6 Place me like a seal on your heart, like a seal on your arm; because love is as strong as death; jealousy is as harsh as the tomb: its flames are fiery and intense.
Song of Solomon 8:7 No amount of water can put out love, and floods cannot drown it. If someone tried to trade everything in their house for love, it would be totally rejected.
Song of Solomon 8:8 We have a young sister, and she doesn't have breasts: what will we do for our sister when someone wants to marry her?
Song of Solomon 8:9 If she is a wall, we will build a silver palace on her; if she is a door, we will cover her with cedar planks.
Song of Solomon 8:10 I am like a wall, and my breasts are like strong towers: then in his eyes, I was someone who had found favor.
Song of Solomon 8:11 Solomon owned a vineyard in Baalhamon; he rented it out to farmers; each was to pay him a thousand silver coins for its produce.
Song of Solomon 8:12 My vineyard is mine and it's before me. You, Solomon, get a thousand, and the workers who take care of the fruits get two hundred.
Song of Solomon 8:13 You who live in the gardens, your friends listen to your voice: let me hear it too.
Song of Solomon 8:14 Hurry, my loved one, and be like a deer or a young stag on the spice-covered hills.
