Haggai 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Haggai/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Haggai 1:1 In Darius's second year as king, on the first day of the sixth month, God's message came through the prophet Haggai to Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son and the governor of Judah, and to Joshua, Josedech's son and the high priest.
Haggai 1:2 God says, "These people claim it's not the time to build God's house."
Haggai 1:3 God's message came through the prophet Haggai, saying,
Haggai 1:4 Is it time for you to live in your paneled houses while this house remains in ruins?
Haggai 1:5 So now, God says this: Think about what you're doing.
Haggai 1:6 You planted a lot but harvest little; you eat but aren't full; you drink but aren't satisfied; you dress but aren't warm; and you earn money only to put it into a pocket with holes.
Haggai 1:7 God says; Think about what you do.
Haggai 1:8 Go to the mountain, get wood, and make the house; I will enjoy it and be honored, says God.
Haggai 1:9 You expected a lot, but see, it turned out to be little; and when you brought it home, I scattered it. Why? says God. Because my house is ruined, while each of you rushes to care for your own house.
Haggai 1:10 So the sky above you doesn't give dew, and the earth doesn't produce crops.
Haggai 1:11 I called for dryness on the land, the mountains, the grain, the new wine, the oil, the crops, the people, the animals, and all the work they do.
Haggai 1:12 Then Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son, and Joshua, Josedech's son, the high priest, with all the remaining people, listened to God's voice and Haggai the prophet's words, because God had sent him, and the people respected God.
Haggai 1:13 Then Haggai, God's messenger, delivered God's message to the people, saying, "I am with you," says God.
Haggai 1:14 God motivated the spirit of Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel, leader of Judah, and Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirits of all the remaining people; and they came and worked on God's house.
Haggai 1:15 On the twenty-fourth day of the sixth month, in King Darius's second year.
