Exodus 19 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Exodus/Chapter%2019.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Exodus 19:1 In the third month, after Israel's people left Egypt, they arrived in the Sinai desert on that same day.
Exodus 19:2 They left Rephidim, came to the Sinai desert, and set up camp in the wilderness; there Israel camped at the mountain.
Exodus 19:3 Moses went up to meet God, and God called to him from the mountain, 'This is what you must tell the people of Jacob and say to the Israelites:
Exodus 19:4 You saw what I did to the Egyptians, how I carried you on eagle's wings, and brought you to me.
Exodus 19:5 So now, if you really listen to my voice and keep my agreement, you will be a special treasure for me above everyone because the whole earth is mine.
Exodus 19:6 You will be for me a kingdom of priests and a sacred nation. These are the words you must tell the people of Israel.
Exodus 19:7 Moses came and gathered the leaders of the people, and told them all the words that God had commanded him.
Exodus 19:8 All the people answered at once, saying, "We will do everything God has said." Moses told God what the people said.
Exodus 19:9 God said to Moses, "Look, I will come to you in a dense cloud so the people can hear me talking with you and will always trust you." Then Moses reported to God what the people had said.
Exodus 19:10 God told Moses, "Go to the people, make them holy today and tomorrow, and have them wash their clothes."
Exodus 19:11 Be prepared for the third day because on that day God will come down where everyone can see on Mount Sinai.
Exodus 19:12 Set limits for the people all around, and say, 'Be careful not to go up the mountain or touch its edge. Anyone who touches the mountain will certainly be put to death.'
Exodus 19:13 No one should touch it, or they must be stoned or shot. Whether animal or person, they must not survive. When the trumpet sounds a long blast, they can go up the mountain.
Exodus 19:14 Moses went down from the mountain to the people, made them holy, and they washed their clothes.
Exodus 19:15 He told the people, "Get ready for the third day and do not go near your wives."
Exodus 19:16 On the third morning, there were thunders and lightning, a thick cloud over the mountain, and a very loud trumpet sound; all the people in the camp shook with fear.
Exodus 19:17 Moses led the people out of the camp to meet God; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain.
Exodus 19:18 Mount Sinai was completely covered in smoke because God came down on it in fire, and the smoke rose like from a furnace, making the whole mountain shake a lot.
Exodus 19:19 When the trumpet sound grew long and louder, Moses spoke and God replied with a voice.
Exodus 19:20 God came down to the top of Mount Sinai and called Moses to the top; and Moses went up.
Exodus 19:21 God told Moses, "Go down and warn the people not to force their way through to see God, or many of them will die."
Exodus 19:22 Let the priests who approach God make themselves pure, so God doesn't come forcefully upon them.
Exodus 19:23 Moses said to God, "The people can't come up to Mount Sinai because you told us to put limits around the mountain and make it holy."
Exodus 19:24 God told him, "Go down, then come back up with Aaron. But the priests and people must not force their way up to God, or he will punish them."
Exodus 19:25 Moses went down to the people and spoke to them.
