Exodus 27 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Exodus/Chapter%2027.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Exodus 27:1 Make an altar from acacia wood, five cubits long and five cubits wide; the altar should be square, and its height should be three cubits.
Exodus 27:2 Make horns for it on its four corners, and the horns will be made from the same material. Cover it with bronze.
Exodus 27:3 Make pans for carrying ashes, shovels, bowls, meat hooks, and firepans, all out of bronze.
Exodus 27:4 Make a bronze grid for it, and attach four bronze rings at its corners.
Exodus 27:5 Place it under the edge of the altar below, so the net reaches halfway up the altar.
Exodus 27:6 Make poles for the altar from acacia wood and cover them with bronze.
Exodus 27:7 Put the poles into the rings on the altar's sides to carry it.
Exodus 27:8 Make it with boards as a box; just like you were shown on the mountain, that is how they should make it.
Exodus 27:9 Make the courtyard of the tent: on the south side, there should be curtains for the courtyard made of finely woven linen, a hundred cubits long for one side.
Exodus 27:10 The twenty columns and their twenty bases will be made of bronze; the hooks of the columns and their bands will be made of silver.
Exodus 27:11 On the north side, the curtains will be 100 cubits long, with 20 pillars and 20 bronze bases; the hooks and bands of the pillars will be silver.
Exodus 27:12 The west side of the courtyard will have curtains that are 50 units long, with ten posts and ten bases.
Exodus 27:13 The width of the courtyard on the east side will be fifty cubits.
Exodus 27:14 The curtains on one side of the gate will be fifteen units long, with three pillars and three bases.
Exodus 27:15 On the other side, there will be curtains fifteen units long, with three posts and three bases.
Exodus 27:16 The entrance to the courtyard will have a curtain that is 20 cubits long, made of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely twisted linen with embroidery. It will have four pillars and four bases.
Exodus 27:17 All the poles around the yard must have silver bands; their hooks must be silver, and their bases bronze.
Exodus 27:18 The court will be one hundred cubits long, fifty cubits wide all around, and five cubits high made of fine linen, with brass bases.
Exodus 27:19 All the tools for the tent and everything used in its service, along with all its pegs and all the pegs for the courtyard, must be made of bronze.
Exodus 27:20 Tell the people of Israel to bring you pure, crushed olive oil for the lamp so it will keep burning all the time.
Exodus 27:21 In the tent where people meet, outside the curtain in front of the rules, Aaron and his sons will take care of it from night to morning before God. It will be a permanent law for them through all their generations for the people of Israel.
