Exodus 35 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Exodus/Chapter%2035.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Exodus 35:1 Moses brought all the Israelites together and told them, "These are the commands God has given for you to follow."
Exodus 35:2 Work for six days, but the seventh day is a holy day for you, a day of rest for God. Anyone who works on that day will be put to death.
Exodus 35:3 Do not start any fire in your homes on the Sabbath day.
Exodus 35:4 Moses spoke to all the Israelites, saying, "This is what God has commanded."
Exodus 35:5 Bring a gift for God from among yourselves; anyone who wants to give can bring gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 35:6 And blue, purple, red, fine cloth, and goat hair.
Exodus 35:7 Red-dyed ram skins, other animal skins, and acacia wood.
Exodus 35:8 Oil for the lamp, spices for the anointing oil, and for the sweet smelling incense.
Exodus 35:9 And onyx stones, and stones for the ephod and breastplate.
Exodus 35:10 Everyone with a wise heart should come and make everything that God has commanded.
Exodus 35:11 God's tent, its covering, its clasps, its frames, its crossbars, its posts, and its bases.
Exodus 35:12 The chest, its poles, the lid, and the curtain that covers it,
Exodus 35:13 The table, its poles, all its tools, and the bread on display.
Exodus 35:14 The lampstand for the light, its accessories, its lamps, and the oil for the light.
Exodus 35:15 The altar for incense, its poles, the oil for anointing, the fragrant incense, and the curtain for the entrance to the tent.
Exodus 35:16 The altar for burning sacrifices, with its bronze grid, its poles, and all its tools, the washbasin and its base,
Exodus 35:17 The curtains of the courtyard, its posts, their bases, and the curtain for the entrance to the courtyard,
Exodus 35:18 The stakes of the tent, and the stakes of the yard, and their ropes,
Exodus 35:19 The special clothes for serving in the sacred space, the holy outfits for Aaron the priest, and the clothes for his sons to serve as priests.
Exodus 35:20 The whole group of Israel's people left from being with Moses.
Exodus 35:21 They came, everyone moved by their heart, and all who felt willing, and they brought God's offering for the work on the meeting tent, all its service, and the holy clothes.
Exodus 35:22 Men and women came, all who wanted to help. They brought gold bracelets, earrings, rings, and other jewelry. Everyone who gave, gave gold gifts to God.
Exodus 35:23 Everyone who had blue, purple, or scarlet cloth, fine linen, goats' hair, red sheepskins, or leather brought them.
Exodus 35:24 Everyone who gave silver or brass brought it to God, and anyone who had acacia wood for the work brought it.
Exodus 35:25 All the skilled women spun thread with their hands and brought what they made, in blue, purple, scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 35:26 All the women who felt inspired and skilled spun goat hair.
Exodus 35:27 The leaders brought onyx stones and other gems for the priest's garment and chest piece.
Exodus 35:28 And spices, and oil for the lamp, and for the anointing oil, and for the fragrant incense.
Exodus 35:29 The people of Israel willingly gave offerings to God, each man and woman who wanted to contribute to all kinds of work, which God had instructed Moses to oversee.
Exodus 35:30 Moses told the people of Israel, "Look, God has chosen Bezaleel, Uri's son, Hur's grandson, from the tribe of Judah by name.
Exodus 35:31 He has filled him with God's spirit, with wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and skill in all kinds of crafts.
Exodus 35:32 To create intricate designs and to work with gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 35:33 In shaping stones to place them, and in carving wood to create any kind of skilled work.
Exodus 35:34 God has given him the ability to teach, both him and Aholiab, Ahisamach's son from the tribe of Dan.
Exodus 35:35 He has given them skilled hearts to do every kind of work: engraving, expert crafting, and embroidering with blue, purple, scarlet thread and fine linen, and weaving. They can do any job and create intricate designs.
