Exodus 5 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Exodus/Chapter%205.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Exodus 5:1 Later, Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and said, "God of Israel says, 'Let my people go, so they can celebrate a festival for me in the desert.'"
Exodus 5:2 Pharaoh said, "Who is God, that I should listen to him and let Israel go? I don't know God, and I will not let Israel go."
Exodus 5:3 They said, "The God of the Hebrews has met with us. Please let us go on a three day trip into the desert to offer sacrifices to God, so he won't strike us with sickness or the sword."
Exodus 5:4 The king of Egypt asked Moses and Aaron, "Why are you stopping the people from working? Go back to your tasks."
Exodus 5:5 Pharaoh said, "Look, there are now many people in the land, and you let them stop working on their heavy tasks."
Exodus 5:6 On that day, Pharaoh ordered the slave drivers and their bosses, saying,
Exodus 5:7 You will not provide straw to the people for brick-making anymore. Instead, let them get their own straw.
Exodus 5:8 You must give them the same number of bricks they made before; do not give them less. They are lazy, so they beg to worship their God.
Exodus 5:9 Give the men more work to do so they work harder and ignore useless talk.
Exodus 5:10 The people's bosses and their helpers went out and told them, "This is what Pharaoh says: I will not give you straw."
Exodus 5:11 Go, find straw wherever you can, but your work must not be lessened.
Exodus 5:12 The people spread out all over Egypt to collect stubble because they had no straw.
Exodus 5:13 The overseers rushed them, saying, "Finish your work, your daily jobs, just as when you had straw."
Exodus 5:14 The Egyptian leaders beat the Israelite foremen they had appointed and asked, "Why haven't you made as many bricks yesterday and today as before?"
Exodus 5:15 The leaders of the Israelites went to the king and asked, "Why are you treating us, your servants, like this?"
Exodus 5:16 Your servants are not given straw, yet we are told to make bricks. Look, your servants are beaten, but it is your own people's fault.
Exodus 5:17 But he said, "You are lazy, you are lazy; that's why you say, 'Let's go and make sacrifices to God.'"
Exodus 5:18 Go now and work; you will not be given straw, but you must still produce the same number of bricks.
Exodus 5:19 The leaders of the Israelites saw they were in trouble when they were told, "You must not make fewer bricks each day."
Exodus 5:20 They met Moses and Aaron waiting for them as they left Pharaoh.
Exodus 5:21 They told them, "God watch you and decide; because you've made us hated by Pharaoh and his people, giving them a reason to kill us."
Exodus 5:22 Moses went back to God and said, "God, why have you treated these people badly? Why did you send me?"
Exodus 5:23 Since I went to the king to speak for you, he has treated these people badly; you have not rescued your people at all.
