Hosea 7 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/Hosea/Chapter%207.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Hosea 7:1 When I wanted to heal Israel, Ephraim's sin and Samaria's evil were revealed because they lied, thieves broke in, and bands of robbers plundered outside.
Hosea 7:2 They don't think in their hearts that I remember all their bad actions: now what they've done surrounds them; they are in my sight.
Hosea 7:3 They please the king with their bad deeds, and the leaders with their lies.
Hosea 7:4 They are all unfaithful, like an oven the baker heats and then stops stoking after mixing the dough until it rises.
Hosea 7:5 On our king's day, the leaders made him sick with lots of wine; he joined in with those who mock.
Hosea 7:6 They prepare their hearts like a hot oven while they wait in ambush. Their anger smolders all night and in the morning it blazes like a burning fire.
Hosea 7:7 They all burn with anger like an oven and have destroyed their rulers; all their kings have fallen, and none of them call out to me.
Hosea 7:8 Ephraim has mixed himself with other people; Ephraim is like an uncooked cake.
Hosea 7:9 Outsiders have used up his energy, and he doesn't realize it; even with gray hair scattered on him, he still doesn't know.
Hosea 7:10 Israel's pride is shown openly, but they still don't turn back to God or look for Him, despite everything.
Hosea 7:11 Ephraim is like a foolish dove with no understanding: they turn to Egypt, they travel to Assyria.
Hosea 7:12 When they go, I will throw my net over them; I will pull them down like birds of the sky; I will punish them as they have been told.
Hosea 7:13 How terrible for them! They have run away from me. They will be destroyed because they have sinned against me. Even though I saved them, they have still told lies about me.
Hosea 7:14 They haven't truly called out to God; instead, they wail on their beds. They gather together for grain and wine, but they turn against God.
Hosea 7:15 Even though I made their arms strong, they still plan to do bad things against me.
Hosea 7:16 They come back, but not to God; they are like a faulty bow; their leaders will die by the sword because of their angry words; this will make them a joke in Egypt.
