Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
The complete Simplified Bible, a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

Genesis 1:1 At the start, God made the sky and the earth.
Genesis 1:2 The earth had no shape and was empty; darkness covered the deep water. And God's Spirit was moving over the water.
Genesis 1:3 God said, "Let there be light," and there was light.
Genesis 1:4 God saw the light was good and separated the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5 God named the light Day and the dark Night. The evening and morning made up the first day.
Genesis 1:6 God said, "Let there be a space between the waters to separate water from water."
Genesis 1:7 God created the sky and separated the water below the sky from the water above it: and it happened.
Genesis 1:8 God named the sky Heaven. The evening came, then the morning, and that was the second day.
Genesis 1:9 God said, "Let the water under the sky come together in one area, so the dry ground can show," and that happened.
Genesis 1:10 God named the dry land Earth and the collected waters Seas, and God saw it was good.
Genesis 1:11 And God said, let the earth grow grass, plants that make seeds, and trees that make fruit with seeds inside, each kind of plant and tree having its own type of seed, on the earth. And it happened.
Genesis 1:12 The earth produced grass, plants with seeds of their own kind, and trees with fruit containing seeds, each according to its kind. God saw it was good.
Genesis 1:13 The evening and the morning made the third day.
Genesis 1:14 God said, "Let there be lights in the sky to separate the day from the night; and let them serve as signs to mark seasons, days, and years."
Genesis 1:15 Let them be lights in the sky to shine on the earth, and it happened.
Genesis 1:16 God made two big lights; the bigger one to shine during the day, and the smaller one to shine at night. He also made the stars.
Genesis 1:17 God placed them in the sky to shine light on the earth.
Genesis 1:18 To control the day and night, and to separate light from darkness: and God saw it was good.
Genesis 1:19 The evening and the morning made the fourth day.
Genesis 1:20 God said, "Let the water be full of living things that move, and let birds fly above the earth across the sky."
Genesis 1:21 God made big whales and all kinds of animals that move in the water, which the water produced in large numbers, and all kinds of birds with wings. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:22 God blessed them and said, "Have many children, grow in number, fill the sea with life, and let birds increase on the land."
Genesis 1:23 The evening came and then the morning, and that was the fifth day.
Genesis 1:24 God said, "Let the earth produce living creatures of each kind: livestock, crawling things, and wild animals of each kind." And that's what happened.
Genesis 1:25 God created the wild animals, each according to its kind, the livestock according to their kinds, and all the creatures that crawl on the earth according to their kinds. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:26 God said, "Let's make humans to look like us and be like us. They will rule over the fish in the sea, the birds in the sky, the livestock, all the earth, and every crawling animal on the earth."
Genesis 1:27 God made humans to look like himself; he made them male and female.
Genesis 1:28 God blessed them and said to them, "Have many children, fill the earth, and control it. Rule over the fish in the sea, the birds in the sky, and every creature that moves on the earth."
Genesis 1:29 God said, "Look, I have given you every plant with seeds on the earth and all the trees with fruit with seeds. They will be your food."
Genesis 1:30 God has given every plant for food to all animals on the earth, every bird in the sky, and everything that crawls on the ground with life in it. And that's what happened.
Genesis 1:31 God saw everything He made and it was very good. The evening and morning were the sixth day.

Genesis 2:1 So the sky and the earth were completed, and everything in them.
Genesis 2:2 On the seventh day, God finished the work he had done; he rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Genesis 2:3 God blessed the seventh day and made it holy, because on that day he rested from all his work of creation.
Genesis 2:4 This lists the times of the sky and the land when they were made, on the day that God created the land and the sky.
Genesis 2:5 Before any plants were in the ground and before any herbs had grown, because God had not sent rain on the earth, and there was no one to work the soil.
Genesis 2:6 A mist rose from the earth and watered all the ground.
Genesis 2:7 God made man from the dirt of the ground, breathed life into his nose, and man became alive.
Genesis 2:8 God made a garden in the east part of Eden; and there he placed the man he had created.
Genesis 2:9 God made every beautiful tree with good fruit grow from the ground, as well as the tree of life in the middle of the garden, and the tree of knowing good and evil.
Genesis 2:10 A river flowed out of Eden to water the garden; from there it split into four smaller rivers.
Genesis 2:11 The first river is called Pison; it flows around the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold.
Genesis 2:12 The gold in that land is good; it has bdellium and onyx stones.
Genesis 2:13 The second river's name is Gihon, which flows around the entire land of Ethiopia.
Genesis 2:14 The third river's name is Hiddekel, which flows to the east of Assyria. The fourth river is the Euphrates.
Genesis 2:15 God took the man and placed him in the Garden of Eden to take care of it and watch over it.
Genesis 2:16 God told the man, "You can eat from any tree in the garden."
Genesis 2:17 Do not eat from the tree that gives knowledge of good and bad, because if you do, you will certainly die.
Genesis 2:18 God said, it's not good for the man to be alone; I will make a suitable helper for him.
Genesis 2:19 From the earth, God made all animals of the land and all birds of the sky; He brought them to Adam to see what he would name them; and whatever Adam named each living thing, that became its name.
Genesis 2:20 Adam named all the animals and birds, but he did not find a suitable helper for himself.
Genesis 2:21 God made Adam fall into a deep sleep, and while he slept, He took one of Adam's ribs and then closed up the place with flesh.
Genesis 2:22 God used the rib taken from the man to make a woman and brought her to the man.
Genesis 2:23 Adam said, "This one is part of my bones and body. She will be called Woman because she came from Man."
Genesis 2:24 A man will leave his father and mother and join his wife, and they will become one body.
Genesis 2:25 The man and his wife were both naked and were not embarrassed.

Genesis 3:1 The snake was smarter than all the wild animals God made. It said to the woman, "Really, did God say you can't eat from any tree in the garden?"
Genesis 3:2 The woman told the snake, "We can eat the fruit from the trees in the garden."
Genesis 3:3 God has said you must not eat the fruit from the tree in the middle of the garden, and you must not touch it, or you will die.
Genesis 3:4 The snake said to the woman, "You will not really die."
Genesis 3:5 God knows that when you eat it, your eyes will open, and you will be like gods, understanding what is good and what is bad.
Genesis 3:6 When the woman saw the tree had good fruit, looked nice, and could make one smart, she took some fruit and ate it. She also gave some to her husband who was with her, and he ate it.
Genesis 3:7 Both of their eyes were opened, and they realized they were naked; so they stitched fig leaves together to make coverings for themselves.
Genesis 3:8 They heard God's voice in the garden when the day was cool, and Adam and his wife hid from God among the garden's trees.
Genesis 3:9 God called to Adam and asked, "Where are you?"
Genesis 3:10 He said, "I heard your voice in the garden, and I was scared because I was naked, so I hid."
Genesis 3:11 He asked, "Who told you that you were naked? Did you eat from the tree I told you not to eat from?"
Genesis 3:12 The man said, "The woman you put here with me, she gave me fruit from the tree, and I ate it."
Genesis 3:13 God asked the woman, "What have you done?" The woman answered, "The snake tricked me, and I ate."
Genesis 3:14 God said to the snake, "Because you did this, you are cursed more than all animals, and more than any creature of the field. You will crawl on your belly and eat dust all the days of your life."
Genesis 3:15 I will cause hostility between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers. It will crush your head, and you will strike its heel.
Genesis 3:16 God said to the woman, "I will greatly increase your sadness and your pregnancies; with pain you will give birth to children; you will want your husband, and he will have authority over you."
Genesis 3:17 God said to Adam, "Because you listened to your wife and ate from the tree I told you not to eat from, the ground is cursed because of you. You will have to work hard and suffer all your life to get food from it.
Genesis 3:18 It will also grow thorns and thistles for you; and you will eat the plants of the field.
Genesis 3:19 You will work hard to get food until you die and return to the ground, because you were made from dust, and you will return to dust.
Genesis 3:20 Adam named his wife Eve because she was the mother of all who are alive.
Genesis 3:21 God made clothes from animal skins for Adam and his wife, and dressed them.
Genesis 3:22 God said, "Look, the man has become like one of us in knowing good and evil. Now, so that he does not reach out his hand and take also from the tree of life, eat, and live forever:
Genesis 3:23 So God sent him out of the Garden of Eden to work the soil from which he was made.
Genesis 3:24 God sent the man away and put Cherubim to the east of the Eden garden, with a flaming sword that moved in all directions, to guard the path to the tree of life.

Genesis 4:1 Adam was intimate with his wife Eve; she became pregnant and gave birth to Cain, saying, "I have had a son with God's help."
Genesis 4:2 She also gave birth to his brother Abel. Abel took care of sheep, while Cain worked the soil.
Genesis 4:3 After some time, Cain gave some of his crops as an offering to God.
Genesis 4:4 Abel also gave the best of his sheep and their fat. And God respected Abel and his gift.
Genesis 4:5 God did not accept Cain and his offering. Cain became very angry, and his face showed it.
Genesis 4:6 God asked Cain, "Why are you angry? And why do you look upset?"
Genesis 4:7 If you do good, won't you be accepted? But if you don't do good, sin is waiting to enter. It desires to control you, but you must rule over it.
Genesis 4:8 Cain spoke to his brother Abel, and while they were in the field, Cain attacked Abel and killed him.
Genesis 4:9 God asked Cain, "Where is your brother Abel?" Cain replied, "I don't know. Am I supposed to look after my brother?"
Genesis 4:10 He asked, "What have you done? Your brother's blood calls out to me from the ground."
Genesis 4:11 You are now cursed from the ground, which opened up to take your brother's blood from your hands.
Genesis 4:12 When you farm the land, it will no longer give you its best crops; you will be a wanderer and a runaway on the earth.
Genesis 4:13 Cain said to God, "My punishment is too much for me to handle."
Genesis 4:14 Look, you have forced me to leave the land today; I will be hidden from you and I will wander the earth; anyone who finds me will kill me.
Genesis 4:15 God said to him, "So, if anyone kills Cain, they will be punished seven times more." And God put a mark on Cain to prevent anyone who found him from killing him.
Genesis 4:16 Cain left God's presence and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden.
Genesis 4:17 Cain was intimate with his wife; she became pregnant and gave birth to Enoch. Then he built a city and named it Enoch, after his son.
Genesis 4:18 Enoch had a son named Irad. Irad had a son named Mehujael. Mehujael had a son named Methusael. Methusael had a son named Lamech.
Genesis 4:19 Lamech married two women: one named Adah and the other named Zillah.
Genesis 4:20 Adah gave birth to Jabal: he became the ancestor of those who live in tents and keep livestock.
Genesis 4:21 His brother's name was Jubal; he was the first musician who played the harp and flute.
Genesis 4:22 Zillah also had Tubalcain, a teacher of all metalworkers in brass and iron, and Tubalcain's sister was Naamah.
Genesis 4:23 Lamech told his wives, Adah and Zillah, "Listen to me; you, Lamech's wives, hear what I say: I have killed a man because he wounded me, and a young man because he hurt me."
Genesis 4:24 If God punishes someone seven times for hurting Cain, then for hurting Lamech, God will punish seventy-seven times.
Genesis 4:25 Adam was close with his wife again, and she had a son named Seth. She said, "God has given me another child to replace Abel, who Cain killed."
Genesis 4:26 Seth also had a son, and he named him Enos. This is when people began to pray to God.

Genesis 5:1 This book lists Adam's descendants. On the day God made humans, he made them to look like himself.
Genesis 5:2 God created them male and female; he blessed them and named them Human when they were created.
Genesis 5:3 Adam lived 130 years, had a son who looked like him, and named him Seth.
Genesis 5:4 Adam lived 800 years after the birth of Seth, and he had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:5 Adam lived for 930 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:6 Seth lived 105 years and had a son named Enos.
Genesis 5:7 After Seth had Enos, he lived 807 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:8 Seth lived 912 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:9 Enos was ninety years old when he became the father of Cainan.
Genesis 5:10 After Enos had his son Cainan, he lived 815 more years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:11 Enos lived for 905 years; then he died.
Genesis 5:12 Cainan was seventy years old when he became the father of Mahalaleel.
Genesis 5:13 Cainan lived 840 years after he had Mahalaleel, and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:14 Cainan lived for 910 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:15 Mahalaleel was sixty-five years old when he became the father of Jared.
Genesis 5:16 After Mahalaleel had Jared, he lived 830 years and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:17 Mahalaleel lived for 895 years; then he died.
Genesis 5:18 Jared lived 162 years and then had a son named Enoch.
Genesis 5:19 After Jared had Enoch, he lived for 800 more years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:20 Jared lived 962 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:21 Enoch was 65 years old when he became the father of Methuselah.
Genesis 5:22 Enoch lived closely with God for 300 years after Methuselah was born, and he had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:23 Enoch lived for 365 years.
Genesis 5:24 Enoch lived close to God, and then he disappeared because God took him away.
Genesis 5:25 Methuselah lived 187 years and had a son named Lamech.
Genesis 5:26 After Methuselah became the father of Lamech, he lived 782 more years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:27 Methuselah lived 969 years, then he died.
Genesis 5:28 Lamech lived 182 years and had a son.
Genesis 5:29 He named him Noah, saying, "He will bring us comfort from our hard work and the pain of our hands caused by the ground that God has cursed."
Genesis 5:30 After Lamech had Noah, he lived for 595 more years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:31 Lamech lived a total of 777 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:32 Noah was 500 years old when he had his sons Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

Genesis 6:1 When people started to increase in number on the earth and they had daughters,
Genesis 6:2 God's sons noticed that human women were beautiful, so they married any they wanted.
Genesis 6:3 God said, "My spirit will not always argue with humans because they are mortal; their lifespan will be 120 years."
Genesis 6:4 There were giants on the earth long ago; and even later, when God's sons married human women, and they had children, those children grew up to be strong and famous old-time heroes.
Genesis 6:5 God saw that people were very wicked on earth, and all the thoughts in their hearts were always only evil.
Genesis 6:6 God regretted making humans on the earth, and he felt deeply sad.
Genesis 6:7 God said, I will wipe out humans whom I made from the earth; along with animals, creatures that crawl, and birds of the sky; because I regret that I made them.
Genesis 6:8 Noah found favor with God.
Genesis 6:9 These are Noah's family records: Noah was a fair and blameless man among his people, and he lived close to God.
Genesis 6:10 Noah had three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:11 The world was also bad in God's eyes, and it was full of violence.
Genesis 6:12 God saw the earth, and it was spoiled; all living things had ruined their ways on the earth.
Genesis 6:13 God told Noah, "All living things are about to end because of me; the earth is full of violence because of them; and I will destroy them along with the earth."
Genesis 6:14 Build an ark with gopher wood; make rooms inside, and cover it inside and outside with tar.
Genesis 6:15 Make the boat like this: It should be 300 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high.
Genesis 6:16 Make a window for the ark, and finish it to a cubit from the top; put the door of the ark in its side, and make it with lower, second, and third decks.
Genesis 6:17 Look, I will send a flood to cover the earth and destroy every living thing that breathes; everything on earth will die.
Genesis 6:18 I will make my promise to you; you, your sons, your wife, and your sons' wives will go into the boat with you.
Genesis 6:19 Take two of every kind of living creature, one male and one female, onto the ark to keep them alive with you.
Genesis 6:20 Different kinds of birds, farm animals, and every kind of creature that crawls on the ground will come to you two by two to keep them alive.
Genesis 6:21 Take for yourself every kind of food people eat; collect it, and it will be food for you and for them.
Genesis 6:22 Noah did everything God told him to do.

Genesis 7:1 God said to Noah, "You and your family come into the ark because I have seen you are good in this time."
Genesis 7:2 Take seven pairs of every clean animal, a male and its mate, and one pair of every unclean animal, a male and its mate.
Genesis 7:3 Take seven pairs of each kind of bird, both male and female, to save their species on the earth.
Genesis 7:4 In seven days, I will make it rain on the earth for forty days and forty nights, and I will wipe out every living thing I have created from the earth.
Genesis 7:5 Noah did everything that God told him to do.
Genesis 7:6 Noah was 600 years old when the great flood came upon the earth.
Genesis 7:7 Noah, his sons, his wife, and their wives all went into the boat because of the floodwaters.
Genesis 7:8 About clean animals, animals that are not clean, birds, and everything that crawls on the ground,
Genesis 7:9 Two by two, males and females, went into the ark to Noah, just as God told Noah to do.
Genesis 7:10 Seven days later, the floodwaters covered the earth.
Genesis 7:11 When Noah was 600 years old, on the 17th day of the second month, all the deep springs burst open, and the rain poured from the sky.
Genesis 7:12 It rained on the earth for forty days and nights.
Genesis 7:13 On that exact day, Noah, his sons Shem, Ham, and Japheth, Noah's wife, and his sons' three wives all went into the ark.
Genesis 7:14 They, and all animals of their own kinds, all livestock of their kinds, all small creatures that crawl on the ground of their kinds, and all birds of their kinds, every type of bird.
Genesis 7:15 They entered the ark with Noah, two by two, from every creature that has the breath of life.
Genesis 7:16 Those who entered, male and female of every living thing, did so as God had ordered; and God closed the door behind them.
Genesis 7:17 The flood lasted forty days on the earth; the waters grew and lifted the boat, raising it above the ground.
Genesis 7:18 The waters rose high and covered the earth; the ark floated on the surface of the water.
Genesis 7:19 The waters grew very high on the earth, and covered all the tall hills under the sky.
Genesis 7:20 The water rose fifteen cubits high, and it covered the mountains.
Genesis 7:21 All living creatures that moved on the earth died, including birds, livestock, wild animals, all small creatures that crawl on the ground, and every person.
Genesis 7:22 Everyone with the breath of life in their nostrils, on dry land, died.
Genesis 7:23 Every creature on earth died—people, livestock, wildlife, and birds. They were all wiped out; only Noah and those with him on the boat survived.
Genesis 7:24 The water covered the earth for one hundred and fifty days.

Genesis 8:1 God remembered Noah, all living creatures, and all the animals with him in the ark. God sent a wind over the earth, and the waters went down.
Genesis 8:2 The deep springs and the sky's windows were closed, and the rain from the sky was held back.
Genesis 8:3 The water went back from the earth slowly, and after 150 days, the water level went down.
Genesis 8:4 The ark stopped on the mountains of Ararat on the seventeenth day of the seventh month.
Genesis 8:5 The water went down non-stop until the tenth month; on the first day of that month, mountain peaks appeared.
Genesis 8:6 After forty days, Noah opened the window of the ark he had built.
Genesis 8:7 He sent out a raven, which kept flying until the water dried up from the earth.
Genesis 8:8 He also sent out a dove to see if the water had gone down from the ground.
Genesis 8:9 The dove couldn't find a place to land because the whole earth was covered with water, so she went back to the ark. Then he reached out his hand, took her, and brought her inside the ark.
Genesis 8:10 He waited another seven days; then he sent the dove out of the boat again.
Genesis 8:11 The dove returned to Noah in the evening with a fresh olive leaf in its mouth, so Noah understood that the floodwaters had gone down.
Genesis 8:12 He waited another seven days and sent out the dove, but it did not come back to him again.
Genesis 8:13 In the six hundred and first year, on the first day of the first month, the water had dried from the earth. Noah took off the ark's cover to look, and saw that the ground was dry.
Genesis 8:14 In the second month, on the twenty-seventh day, the earth was dry.
Genesis 8:15 God spoke to Noah, saying,
Genesis 8:16 Leave the ark, you, your wife, your sons, and your sons' wives with you.
Genesis 8:17 Take with you every living creature with you, from every kind of animal, birds, livestock, and every ground creature; so they can have many offspring, and increase in number on the earth.
Genesis 8:18 Noah, his sons, his wife, and his sons' wives all went out together.
Genesis 8:19 Every animal, every crawling creature, and every bird, and everything that crawls on the ground, went out of the ark, each according to its kind.
Genesis 8:20 Noah built an altar to God; he took some of every clean animal and every clean bird and gave burnt offerings on the altar.
Genesis 8:21 God liked the pleasant smell; and God promised himself, I will not put a curse on the land anymore because of people; people think of evil things from when they are young; I will not destroy all living things again as I have done.
Genesis 8:22 As long as the earth exists, there will be planting and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, and day and night will never stop.

Genesis 9:1 God blessed Noah and his sons and said to them, "Have many children, increase in number, and fill the earth."
Genesis 9:2 Every land animal, bird in the sky, creature that moves on the ground, and fish in the sea will be afraid of you; they are all given into your control.
Genesis 9:3 All living creatures that move shall be food for you; just as I have given you all plants.
Genesis 9:4 Do not eat meat that still has its life in it, which is its blood.
Genesis 9:5 I will certainly demand an accounting for human lifeblood; from every animal and from each person I will demand it, and I will require it from anyone who takes another person's life.
Genesis 9:6 Anyone who takes a person's life must have their own life taken by others because God made humans in his own image.
Genesis 9:7 You, be fruitful and increase in number; produce a lot on the earth and grow more.
Genesis 9:8 God spoke to Noah and his sons, saying,
Genesis 9:9 I will make my promise with you and your descendants after you.
Genesis 9:10 And with every animal with you, the birds, the livestock, and all the wild animals on earth with you; from all that came out of the ark, to every wild animal on earth.
Genesis 9:11 I will make my promise with you, no living things will be wiped out by a flood again, and there will not be another flood to ruin the earth.
Genesis 9:12 God said, "This is the sign of the promise I make between me and you and every living creature with you, for all time to come."
Genesis 9:13 I put my rainbow in the cloud, and it will be a sign of an agreement between me and the earth.
Genesis 9:14 When I bring a cloud over the earth, you will see the bow in the cloud.
Genesis 9:15 I will remember my agreement with you and every living being; never again will the waters turn into a flood to destroy all life.
Genesis 9:16 The rainbow will be in the sky, and when I see it, I will remember the forever promise between God and every living being of all kinds on the earth.
Genesis 9:17 God told Noah, "This is the sign of the promise I made with all living things on earth."
Genesis 9:18 Noah's sons who left the ark were Shem, Ham, and Japheth; and Ham was Canaan's father.
Genesis 9:19 Noah had three sons, and from them the whole world was populated.
Genesis 9:20 Noah started to farm and planted a vineyard.
Genesis 9:21 He drank the wine, got drunk, and lay uncovered inside his tent.
Genesis 9:22 Ham, Canaan's father, saw his father naked and told his two brothers outside.
Genesis 9:23 Shem and Japheth took a cloth, put it on their shoulders, walked backward, and covered their father's bare body. Their faces were turned away, and they did not see their father unclothed.
Genesis 9:24 Noah woke up from drinking wine and realized what his youngest son had done to him.
Genesis 9:25 He said, "Cursed is Canaan; he will be the lowest servant to his brothers."
Genesis 9:26 He said, "God bless Shem; Canaan will be his servant."
Genesis 9:27 God will make Japheth's land and people grow, and he will live with Shem's family; Canaan will serve him.
Genesis 9:28 Noah lived for 350 years after the flood.
Genesis 9:29 Noah lived for 950 years, then he died.

Genesis 10:1 Here are the family lines of Noah's sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth. These sons had their own children after the flood.
Genesis 10:2 Japheth's sons were Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras.
Genesis 10:3 Gomer's sons were Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah.
Genesis 10:4 Javan's sons were Elishah, Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
Genesis 10:5 These people spread out over the islands and lands of non-Jewish peoples; each group by its language and family, in their own countries.
Genesis 10:6 Ham's sons were Cush, Mizraim, Phut, and Canaan.
Genesis 10:7 Cush had several sons: Seba, Havilah, Sabtah, Raamah, and Sabtechah. Raamah had two sons: Sheba and Dedan.
Genesis 10:8 Cush had a son named Nimrod, who became a powerful leader on Earth.
Genesis 10:9 He was a strong hunter before God; that's why people say, "Like Nimrod, a strong hunter before God."
Genesis 10:10 His kingdom started with Babel, Erech, Accad, and Calneh in Shinar's land.
Genesis 10:11 From that country, Asshur left and built Nineveh, the city Rehoboth, and Calah.
Genesis 10:12 Resen is between Nineveh and Calah; it is a great city.
Genesis 10:13 Mizraim had sons named Ludim, Anamim, Lehabim, and Naphtuhim.
Genesis 10:14 And the people of Pathrus, Casluh, (from whom the Philistines came), and Caphtor.
Genesis 10:15 Canaan had Sidon, his oldest son, and Heth.
Genesis 10:16 And the Jebusite, the Amorite, and the Girgasite,
Genesis 10:17 The Hivite, the Arkite, and the Sinite,
Genesis 10:18 The Arvadites, Zemarites, and Hamathites were there too. Later, the Canaanite families spread out.
Genesis 10:19 The Canaanites' land started at Sidon, went to Gerar and then to Gaza; from there it reached all the way to Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboim, and Lasha.
Genesis 10:20 These are Ham's sons, grouped by their families, languages, lands, and nations.
Genesis 10:21 Shem, the ancestor of all Eber's descendants and Japheth's older brother, also had children.
Genesis 10:22 Shem's children were Elam, Asshur, Arphaxad, Lud, and Aram.
Genesis 10:23 Aram's children were Uz, Hul, Gether, and Mash.
Genesis 10:24 Arphaxad had a son named Salah, and Salah had a son named Eber.
Genesis 10:25 Eber had two sons. One was named Peleg, because the earth was divided during his life. His brother was named Joktan.
Genesis 10:26 Joktan was the father of Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, and Jerah.
Genesis 10:27 Hadoram, Uzal, and Diklah
Genesis 10:28 And Obal, Abimael, and Sheba,
Genesis 10:29 Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab were all Joktan's sons.
Genesis 10:30 Their home was from Mesha to Sephar, a mountain in the east.
Genesis 10:31 These are Shem's sons, by their families, languages, in their countries, and by their nations.
Genesis 10:32 These are the families of Noah's sons, grouped by their descendants, within their countries. And from these families the nations were spread out over the earth after the flood.

Genesis 11:1 Everyone on earth spoke the same language.
Genesis 11:2 As they traveled from the east, they found a flat area in the land of Shinar and they settled there.
Genesis 11:3 They said to each other, "Come, let's make bricks and bake them well." They used bricks instead of stones and tar for mortar.
Genesis 11:4 They said, "Come on, let's build a city and a tower that reaches to the sky, so we can make a name for ourselves and not be spread out over the whole world."
Genesis 11:5 God came down to see the city and the tower that people were building.
Genesis 11:6 God said, "Look, the people are united, and they all speak the same language; this is what they have started to do: now they can do anything they think of."
Genesis 11:7 Let's go down and mix up their language, so they can't understand each other.
Genesis 11:8 So God spread them out from there all over the earth, and they stopped building the city.
Genesis 11:9 So they named it Babel, because there God mixed up everyone's language and scattered them all over the world.
Genesis 11:10 These are Shem's family records: Shem was 100 years old and fathered Arphaxad two years after the flood.
Genesis 11:11 After Shem became the father of Arphaxad, he lived 500 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:12 Arphaxad was 35 years old when he became the father of Salah.
Genesis 11:13 After Arphaxad became the father of Salah, he lived 403 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:14 Salah was thirty years old when he became the father of Eber.
Genesis 11:15 Salah lived for 403 years after Eber's birth and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:16 Eber lived 34 years and then became the father of Peleg.
Genesis 11:17 Eber lived for 430 years after the birth of Peleg and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:18 Peleg was thirty years old when he became the father of Reu.
Genesis 11:19 Peleg lived for 209 years after Reu was born, and he had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:20 Reu was thirty-two when he became the father of Serug.
Genesis 11:21 Reu lived for 207 years after Serug was born, and he had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:22 Serug was thirty years old when he had Nahor.
Genesis 11:23 Serug lived for 200 years after Nahor was born and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:24 Nahor lived 29 years and had a son named Terah.
Genesis 11:25 After Nahor had his son Terah, he lived 119 more years and had more sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:26 Terah lived for 70 years and had three sons: Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Genesis 11:27 Here are the descendants of Terah: Terah was the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran was the father of Lot.
Genesis 11:28 Haran died before his father Terah in his birthplace, in Ur of the Chaldees.
Genesis 11:29 Abram and Nahor married. Abram's wife was Sarai, and Nahor's wife was Milcah, Haran's daughter, who was also Iscah's father.
Genesis 11:30 Sarai could not have children; she had none.
Genesis 11:31 Terah took his son Abram, his grandson Lot, and his daughter-in-law Sarai, Abram's wife; and they left Ur of the Chaldees to go to Canaan. But they stopped at Haran and lived there.
Genesis 11:32 Terah lived for 205 years and then he died in Haran.

Genesis 12:1 God told Abram, "Leave your country, your relatives, and your father's home, and go to a land I will show you."
Genesis 12:2 I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you, and make your name great; and you will be a blessing.
Genesis 12:3 I will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you; through you, all the earth's families will be blessed.
Genesis 12:4 Abram left as God had told him, and Lot went too; Abram was seventy-five years old when he left Haran.
Genesis 12:5 Abram took his wife Sarai, his nephew Lot, everything they owned, and all the people they had in Haran. They set out for Canaan and arrived there.
Genesis 12:6 Abram traveled through the land to Sichem, to the Moreh plain. The Canaanite people were living in the land at that time.
Genesis 12:7 God showed himself to Abram and said, "I will give this land to your children." There Abram built an altar to God who had appeared to him.
Genesis 12:8 He moved from there to a mountain east of Bethel, set up his tent with Bethel to the west and Hai to the east, built an altar to God, and called on God's name.
Genesis 12:9 Abram traveled on, heading south.
Genesis 12:10 There was not enough food in the land, so Abram went to Egypt to stay because the lack of food was very severe in the land.
Genesis 12:11 When he was about to enter Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, "Look, I know you are a beautiful woman.
Genesis 12:12 So when the Egyptians see you, they will say, 'This is his wife,' and they will kill me but let you live.
Genesis 12:13 Please say you are my sister, so that things will go well for me because of you, and my life will be spared thanks to you.
Genesis 12:14 When Abram arrived in Egypt, the Egyptians saw that his wife was very beautiful.
Genesis 12:15 Pharaoh's leaders saw her, praised her to Pharaoh, and she was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 12:16 He treated Abram well because of her, giving him sheep, cows, donkeys, male servants, female servants, female donkeys, and camels.
Genesis 12:17 God punished Pharaoh and his household with severe plagues because of Sarai, Abram's wife.
Genesis 12:18 Pharaoh called Abram and asked, "What have you done to me? Why didn't you tell me she was your wife?"
Genesis 12:19 Why did you say, 'She is my sister'? I could have married her because of that. Now, here is your wife, take her and leave.
Genesis 12:20 The king told his men about him, and they made him leave with his wife and all his belongings.

Genesis 13:1 Abram left Egypt with his wife, all his possessions, and Lot, heading south.
Genesis 13:2 Abram was very wealthy with many animals, silver, and gold.
Genesis 13:3 He traveled from the south to Bethel, to the spot where he first pitched his tent, between Bethel and Ai.
Genesis 13:4 To the altar spot he first made, Abram called on God's name there.
Genesis 13:5 Lot, who traveled with Abram, had sheep, cattle, and tents.
Genesis 13:6 The land could not support them living together because they had too much stuff, so they could not stay together.
Genesis 13:7 Abram's cattle herders and Lot's cattle herders argued, and the Canaanite and Perizzite people were living in the land at that time.
Genesis 13:8 Abram said to Lot, "Please, let's not have any arguments between you and me, or between our herders, because we are family."
Genesis 13:9 Isn't all the land in front of you? Please separate from me. If you choose the left side, I will go to the right; if you go to the right side, I will go to the left.
Genesis 13:10 Lot looked around and saw the whole Jordan Valley, which had plenty of water everywhere, like God's garden or the land of Egypt, before God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, all the way to Zoar.
Genesis 13:11 Lot picked the whole Jordan valley for himself; then Lot traveled east. So they went their separate ways.
Genesis 13:12 Abram lived in Canaan, and Lot lived in the cities of the plain, and set up his tent near Sodom.
Genesis 13:13 The Sodom men were very bad and sinned a lot against God.
Genesis 13:14 God said to Abram, after Lot had left him, "Now, lift up your eyes and look from where you are, to the north, south, east, and west."
Genesis 13:15 I will give you and your descendants all the land you can see, forever.
Genesis 13:16 I will make your descendants as many as the dust of the earth; if someone can count the dust, then they can count your descendants too.
Genesis 13:17 Get up, walk around the land through its length and width; for I will give it to you.
Genesis 13:18 Abram moved his tent, went to live in Mamre's plain in Hebron, and built an altar for God there.

Genesis 14:1 During the time when Amraphel ruled Shinar, Arioch ruled Ellasar, Chedorlaomer ruled Elam, and Tidal ruled many nations;
Genesis 14:2 These kings fought against Bera of Sodom, Birsha of Gomorrah, Shinab of Admah, Shemeber of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.
Genesis 14:3 All these were united in the Siddim Valley, now the Salt Sea.
Genesis 14:4 For twelve years they obeyed Chedorlaomer, but in the thirteenth year, they rebelled.
Genesis 14:5 In the fourteenth year, Chedorlaomer and the kings with him defeated the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim.
Genesis 14:6 The Horites lived in Seir mountain, reaching to Elparan near the desert.
Genesis 14:7 They went back and came to Enmishpat, known as Kadesh, and defeated all the land of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites who lived in Hazezontamar.
Genesis 14:8 The kings of Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboiim, and Bela (also called Zoar) went out and fought a battle with them in the Siddim Valley.
Genesis 14:9 With Chedorlaomer, the king of Elam, Tidal, the king of nations, Amraphel, the king of Shinar, and Arioch, the king of Ellasar; four kings joined together against five.
Genesis 14:10 The Valley of Siddim was full of tar pits. The kings of Sodom and Gomorrah ran away, but they fell into the pits. Those who were left ran to the hills.
Genesis 14:11 They took all the possessions of Sodom and Gomorrah, all their food, and left.
Genesis 14:12 They captured Lot, Abram's nephew, who lived in Sodom, along with his possessions, and left.
Genesis 14:13 Someone who had escaped came and told Abram, the Hebrew, who was living near Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol and Aner. These men were allies of Abram.
Genesis 14:14 When Abram learned his brother was captured, he equipped his skilled servants, born in his home, 318 in number, and chased the captors to Dan.
Genesis 14:15 He split his group and, with his servants, attacked at night, defeated them, and chased them to Hobah, north of Damascus.
Genesis 14:16 He took back all the items, and also returned his brother Lot, his items, the women, and the people.
Genesis 14:17 The king of Sodom went to meet him after he came back from defeating Chedorlaomer and the kings with him, at the Valley of Shaveh, also called the king's valley.
Genesis 14:18 Melchizedek, the king of Salem, brought out bread and wine; he was a priest of the most high God.
Genesis 14:19 He blessed him and said, "May Abram be blessed by God Most High, owner of heaven and earth."
Genesis 14:20 May God, the Most High, be blessed, for he has given your enemies over to you. And Abram gave him a tenth of everything.
Genesis 14:21 The king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, and keep the goods for yourself."
Genesis 14:22 Abram said to the king of Sodom, "I have raised my hand to God, the highest God, the owner of heaven and earth."
Genesis 14:23 I won't take anything from you, not even a thread or a shoestring, so you can't say you made Abram rich.
Genesis 14:24 Keep only what the young men have eaten and the share for the men who joined me—Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; they should get their share.

Genesis 15:1 After these events, God spoke to Abram in a vision, saying, "Do not be afraid, Abram: I am your protector and your very great reward."
Genesis 15:2 Abram said, "God, what will you give me since I have no children, and my house manager is Eliezer from Damascus?"
Genesis 15:3 Abram said, "Look, you have given me no children. So, someone born in my house will inherit everything."
Genesis 15:4 Look, God's message came to him, saying, "This person will not be your heir; but your own future child will be your heir."
Genesis 15:5 He took him outside and said, "Look up at the sky and count the stars if you can." Then he said to him, "That's how many descendants you will have."
Genesis 15:6 He believed in God, and it was credited to him as being right.
Genesis 15:7 He said to him, "I am God who took you from Ur of the Chaldees to give you this land to own it."
Genesis 15:8 He asked, "God, how can I know that I will receive it?"
Genesis 15:9 He said to him, "Bring me a three-year-old cow, a three-year-old female goat, a three-year-old ram, a dove, and a young pigeon."
Genesis 15:10 He took all these animals, split them in half, and put the halves opposite each other, but he did not split the birds.
Genesis 15:11 When birds landed on the dead bodies, Abram scared them off.
Genesis 15:12 As the sun set, Abram fell into a deep sleep and suddenly, a terrifying darkness came over him.
Genesis 15:13 He told Abram, "Be certain that your descendants will live in a foreign land where they are not the owners, and they will serve the people of that land. They will be treated badly for four hundred years."
Genesis 15:14 I will judge the nation they serve, and afterward, they will leave with many possessions.
Genesis 15:15 You will go to your ancestors in peace and be buried when you have lived a long life.
Genesis 15:16 In the fourth generation, they will come back here because the Amorites' wrongdoing is not complete yet.
Genesis 15:17 When the sun set and it was dark, a smoking fire pot and a flaming torch moved between the pieces of the offering.
Genesis 15:18 On that day, God made a promise to Abram, saying, "I have given your descendants this land, from the Egypt river to the big river, the Euphrates river."
Genesis 15:19 The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,
Genesis 15:20 The Hittites, the Perizzites, and the Rephaims,
Genesis 15:21 The Amorites, the Canaanites, the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.

Genesis 16:1 Sarai, Abram's wife, had no children. She had a servant from Egypt named Hagar.
Genesis 16:2 Sarai said to Abram, "Look, God has kept me from having children. Please sleep with my servant; maybe I can have children through her." And Abram listened to what Sarai said.
Genesis 16:3 Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar, her Egyptian maid, after Abram lived ten years in Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.
Genesis 16:4 He slept with Hagar, and she became pregnant. When she realized she was pregnant, she looked down on her mistress.
Genesis 16:5 Sarai said to Abram, "I'm blaming you for this: I let you be with my servant, but now she's pregnant, she looks down on me. Let God decide who's right, me or you."
Genesis 16:6 But Abram told Sarai, "Look, your servant is under your control; do what you think is best." And when Sarai was harsh with her, she ran away.
Genesis 16:7 God's messenger met her by a water spring in the desert, near the spring on the road to Shur.
Genesis 16:8 He asked, "Hagar, Sarai's servant, where did you come from and where are you going?" She answered, "I'm running away from my mistress Sarai."
Genesis 16:9 The angel of God told her, "Go back to your mistress and do as she says."
Genesis 16:10 God's messenger said to her, I will greatly increase your descendants so much that they will be too many to count.
Genesis 16:11 The angel of God told her, "Look, you are going to have a baby boy and you will name him Ishmael; because God has heard about your troubles."
Genesis 16:12 He will be a wild person; he will fight against everyone, and everyone will fight against him; he will live near all his family members.
Genesis 16:13 She named God who spoke to her, "You are the God who sees me," because she thought, "I have seen the One who sees me."
Genesis 16:14 So they named the well "The Well of the Living One Who Sees Me." It is located between Kadesh and Bered.
Genesis 16:15 Hagar gave birth to Abram's son, and Abram named the son she had, Ishmael.
Genesis 16:16 Abram was 86 years old when Hagar gave birth to Ishmael for Abram.

Genesis 17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, God came to Abram and said, "I am Almighty God; walk with me and be blameless."
Genesis 17:2 I will create an agreement between us, and I will greatly increase your numbers.
Genesis 17:3 Abram lay face down, and God spoke to him.
Genesis 17:4 I promise to support you, and you will become the father of many nations.
Genesis 17:5 Your name will no longer be Abram, but Abraham, because I have made you a father of many nations.
Genesis 17:6 I will make you very fruitful, and you will become nations, and kings will come from you.
Genesis 17:7 I will make my promise between me and you and your descendants after you, for all time to come, to be your God and the God of your descendants after you.
Genesis 17:8 I will give you and your descendants the land where you are now just a traveler, all the land of Canaan, to own forever; and I will be their God.
Genesis 17:9 God told Abraham, "You must keep my agreement, you and your descendants for generations to come."
Genesis 17:10 This is my agreement, which you must follow, between me and you and your children after you; Every male among you must be circumcised.
Genesis 17:11 You must cut off the skin of your foreskin as a sign of the agreement between me and you.
Genesis 17:12 Every baby boy who is eight days old must be circumcised, including those born in your family or bought with money from a foreigner—even if they are not your biological children.
Genesis 17:13 Anyone born in your house or bought with your money must be circumcised, and this will be a lasting agreement shown in your body.
Genesis 17:14 If a boy is not circumcised, he will be separated from his people because he has broken my agreement.
Genesis 17:15 God said to Abraham, "Don't call your wife Sarai anymore. Her name is now Sarah."
Genesis 17:16 I will bless her and also give you a son by her. I will truly bless her, and she will become the mother of many nations; kings from many people will come from her.
Genesis 17:17 Abraham fell to the ground, laughed, and thought to himself, "Will a child be born to a man who is a hundred years old? And will Sarah, who is ninety years old, give birth?"
Genesis 17:18 Abraham said to God, "I wish that Ishmael may live under your care!"
Genesis 17:19 God said, "Your wife Sarah will truly have a son for you; and you will name him Isaac. I will make my promise with him as a forever promise, and with his descendants after him."
Genesis 17:20 As for Ishmael, I have listened to you. I have blessed him and will make him very fruitful. He will have many descendants and create twelve rulers, and I will make him into a great nation.
Genesis 17:21 I will make my agreement with Isaac, whom Sarah will give birth to for you at this time next year.
Genesis 17:22 He stopped talking to him, and God left Abraham and went away.
Genesis 17:23 Abraham took his son Ishmael, everyone born in his house, and all the males bought with his money, and on that very day, he circumcised them as God had told him to do.
Genesis 17:24 Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised.
Genesis 17:25 Ishmael was thirteen when he got circumcised.
Genesis 17:26 On that same day, Abraham and his son Ishmael were circumcised.
Genesis 17:27 All the men of his household, those born in his house and those bought with money from foreigners, were circumcised with him.

Genesis 18:1 God appeared to him in the fields of Mamre while he was sitting at the entrance of his tent during the hottest part of the day.
Genesis 18:2 He looked up and saw three men standing nearby. When he noticed them, he ran from his tent to greet them and bowed down to the ground.
Genesis 18:3 He said, "My God, if I have now found favor with you, please do not leave your servant."
Genesis 18:4 Please bring some water, wash your feet, and rest under the tree.
Genesis 18:5 I will get some bread to refresh you. Then you can move on since you've stopped by your servant's place. They replied, "Go ahead, just as you've said."
Genesis 18:6 Abraham hurried to the tent to Sarah and said, "Quickly prepare three measures of good flour, knead it, and bake some bread on the fire."
Genesis 18:7 Abraham ran to his cattle, took a young and good calf, and handed it to a servant; and the servant hurried to prepare it.
Genesis 18:8 He brought them butter, milk, and the cooked calf, placed it in front of them, and stood by them under the tree while they ate.
Genesis 18:9 They asked him, "Where is Sarah your wife?" He replied, "Look, she's in the tent."
Genesis 18:10 He said, "I will definitely come back to you when the time comes; and then, Sarah your wife will have a son." And Sarah heard this from the entrance of the tent, which was behind him.
Genesis 18:11 Abraham and Sarah were very old, and Sarah could no longer have children.
Genesis 18:12 So Sarah laughed quietly, thinking, "Now that I am old, can I enjoy life again, with my husband old too?"
Genesis 18:13 God said to Abraham, "Why did Sarah laugh and say, 'Can I really have a child when I am old?'"
Genesis 18:14 Is anything too hard for God? I will come back to you at the set time next year, and Sarah will have a son.
Genesis 18:15 Then Sarah denied it, saying, "I didn't laugh," because she was scared. But he said, "No, you did laugh."
Genesis 18:16 The men got up from there, looked toward Sodom, and Abraham walked with them to help them on their way.
Genesis 18:17 God thought, "Should I keep what I am going to do from Abraham?"
Genesis 18:18 Abraham will surely grow into a great and strong nation, and all the nations on earth will be blessed through him.
Genesis 18:19 I know he will tell his children and family to follow God's way and to do what is right and fair, so God can do for Abraham what He promised.
Genesis 18:20 God said, "Because Sodom and Gomorrah's cry is loud and their sin is very bad."
Genesis 18:21 I will go down now to see if what they have done matches the outcry that has reached me; if it doesn't, I will find out.
Genesis 18:22 The men looked away from there and headed toward Sodom, while Abraham still stood in front of God.
Genesis 18:23 Abraham approached and asked, "Will you also destroy the good people along with the bad?"
Genesis 18:24 Maybe if there are 50 good people in the city, will you still destroy it and not save it for the sake of the 50 good people inside?
Genesis 18:25 You would never do such a thing, to kill the good people along with the bad ones, making the good and bad the same. Surely, the Judge of all the earth will do what is right.
Genesis 18:26 And God said, If I find fifty good people in Sodom, I will save the whole city for them.
Genesis 18:27 Abraham replied, "Look, I've decided to talk to God, even though I am only dust and ashes."
Genesis 18:28 What if five righteous people are missing from the fifty? Will you destroy the whole city for just five? And He said, If I find forty-five, I won't destroy it.
Genesis 18:29 He spoke to him once more, saying, "What if only forty are found there?" And He answered, "I will not do it for the sake of the forty."
Genesis 18:30 He said to him, "Please don't be angry, God, and I will speak: Maybe there will be thirty good people found there." And God replied, "If I find thirty there, I will not destroy it."
Genesis 18:31 He said, "Look, I've decided to talk to God. Maybe there will be twenty good people there." God replied, "If I find twenty good people, I won't destroy it for their sake."
Genesis 18:32 He said, "Please don't be mad, God, and I will say this just one more time: What if ten good people are there?" God replied, "I won't destroy it if I find ten."
Genesis 18:33 After talking with Abraham, God left, and Abraham went back to his place.

Genesis 19:1 Two angels came to Sodom in the evening; Lot was sitting at the entrance of Sodom. When Lot saw them, he got up to greet them and bowed down with his face to the ground.
Genesis 19:2 He said, "Please, come to my house and stay the night. Wash your feet, and you can leave early in the morning." But they answered, "No, we'll stay outside all night."
Genesis 19:3 He insisted they stay with him, so they did and went into his house. He prepared a meal for them, baked bread without yeast, and they ate.
Genesis 19:4 Before they went to bed, the men of the city, the men of Sodom, surrounded the house, all men, both old and young, from every part of the city.
Genesis 19:5 They called to Lot and asked, "Where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so we can meet them."
Genesis 19:6 Lot went outside to meet them and closed the door behind him.
Genesis 19:7 Please, my friends, don't do this evil.
Genesis 19:8 Look, I have two daughters who have never been with a man. Let me bring them to you, and you can do what you think is right to them. But don't do anything to these men, because they are under the protection of my roof.
Genesis 19:9 They said, "Move back." Then they said, "This man came to stay here and now he wants to judge us. We'll treat you worse than them." They pushed hard against the man, Lot, and came close to breaking the door.
Genesis 19:10 The men reached out their hand, pulled Lot inside the house with them, and closed the door.
Genesis 19:11 They struck the people at the house entrance with blindness, everyone from least to greatest, so they got tired trying to find the door.
Genesis 19:12 The men asked Lot, "Do you have anyone else here? Your sons-in-law, your sons, your daughters, and anyone you have in the city, take them out of this place."
Genesis 19:13 We will destroy this place because their cries have become very loud and God has sent us to destroy it.
Genesis 19:14 Lot went out and talked to his sons-in-law, who were married to his daughters, and said, "Get up, leave this place; because God will destroy this city." But to his sons-in-law, he seemed like he was joking.
Genesis 19:15 When morning came, the angels hurried Lot, saying, "Get up, take your wife and your two daughters who are with you, or you will be swept away in the city's sin."
Genesis 19:16 As he hesitated, the men took his hand, his wife's hand, and the hands of his two daughters because God was kind to him; they led him out and placed him outside the city.
Genesis 19:17 When they took them outside, he said, "Run for your life; don't look back or stop anywhere in the valley; go to the mountains or you will be swept away."
Genesis 19:18 And Lot said to them, "Oh, please no, sir."
Genesis 19:19 Look, I have found favor with you, and you have shown me great kindness by saving my life. But I can't run to the mountain because some harm might catch me, and I would die.
Genesis 19:20 Look, this city is close enough to run to, and it's small. Please let me run there—it's small, right?—and I will live.
Genesis 19:21 He told him, "Look, I have agreed to your request about this matter too, so I will not destroy the city you've spoken for."
Genesis 19:22 Hurry, go there; because I can't do anything until you arrive there. That's why the city was named Zoar.
Genesis 19:23 The sun had risen over the earth when Lot went into Zoar.
Genesis 19:24 God made sulfur and fire rain down on Sodom and Gomorrah from the sky.
Genesis 19:25 He destroyed those cities, the whole area, everyone living in the cities, and everything growing on the land.
Genesis 19:26 His wife looked back and turned into a salt pillar.
Genesis 19:27 Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he had stood before God.
Genesis 19:28 He looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah and all the land of the plain, saw smoke rising from the land like smoke from a furnace.
Genesis 19:29 When God destroyed the plain cities, God thought of Abraham and took Lot out of the destruction as he ruined the cities where Lot lived.
Genesis 19:30 Lot left Zoar and lived in the mountains with his two daughters because he was afraid to live in Zoar, so they stayed in a cave.
Genesis 19:31 The older daughter said to the younger, "Our father is old, and there are no men around to be with us in the way that is usual everywhere.
Genesis 19:32 Let's get our father to drink wine and sleep with him to keep our family going.
Genesis 19:33 That night they gave their father wine to drink, and the oldest daughter slept with her father without him noticing when she lay down or when she got up.
Genesis 19:34 The next day, the older sister told the younger, "Look, I slept with our father last night. Let's get him drunk with wine again tonight; then you go and sleep with him, so we can have children from our father."
Genesis 19:35 That night they also gave their father wine to drink, and the younger daughter went and slept with him. He didn't notice when she lay down or when she got up.
Genesis 19:36 Both of Lot's daughters became pregnant by their father.
Genesis 19:37 The firstborn had a son and named him Moab; he is the ancestor of the Moabites to this day.
Genesis 19:38 The younger daughter also gave birth to a son and named him Benammi. He is the ancestor of the Ammonites.

Genesis 20:1 Abraham traveled from there to the southern lands and lived between Kadesh and Shur, and stayed in Gerar.
Genesis 20:2 Abraham said about his wife Sarah, "She is my sister." So Abimelech, the king of Gerar, sent for and took Sarah.
Genesis 20:3 God came to Abimelech in a dream at night and said, "You are as good as dead because of the woman you have taken; she is already married."
Genesis 20:4 Abimelech had not been with her, and he said, "God, will you also kill a righteous nation?"
Genesis 20:5 Didn't he tell me, 'She is my sister'? And she also said, 'He is my brother.' I did this with a clear heart and clean hands.
Genesis 20:6 God spoke to him in a dream, saying, "Yes, I know you did this with a pure heart. That's why I kept you from sinning against me and did not let you touch her."
Genesis 20:7 Now, give the man back his wife, because he is a prophet. He will pray for you, and you will live. But if you don't return her, know that you will surely die, you and everyone who belongs to you.
Genesis 20:8 So Abimelech got up early in the morning, called all his workers, and spoke about all these things to them; and the men were very scared.
Genesis 20:9 Then Abimelech called Abraham and asked him, "What have you done to us? How have I wronged you, that you have brought a great sin on me and my kingdom? You have done things to me that should not have been done."
Genesis 20:10 Abimelech asked Abraham, "What did you see that made you do this?"
Genesis 20:11 And Abraham said, "I thought, 'This place does not respect God, and they will kill me to take my wife.'"
Genesis 20:12 She really is my sister, my father's daughter but not my mother's, and she became my wife.
Genesis 20:13 When God made me leave my father's home, I told her, "Please be kind to me, and wherever we go, say 'He is my brother.'"
Genesis 20:14 Abimelech gave Abraham sheep, oxen, male servants, and female servants, and returned his wife Sarah to him.
Genesis 20:15 Abimelech said, "Look, my land is in front of you: live wherever you like."
Genesis 20:16 God said to Sarah, "Look, I have given your brother a thousand silver coins. He will protect you in the eyes of everyone with you and everyone else." This was her correction.
Genesis 20:17 Abraham prayed to God, and God healed Abimelech, his wife, and his female servants, so they could have children.
Genesis 20:18 God had made it so no woman in Abimelech's house could have children because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.

Genesis 21:1 God visited Sarah as he promised, and did to Sarah what he had said.
Genesis 21:2 Sarah became pregnant and gave birth to a son for Abraham in his old age, at the exact time God had told him.
Genesis 21:3 Abraham named his son, who Sarah gave birth to, Isaac.
Genesis 21:4 Abraham circumcised his son Isaac when he was eight days old, as God told him to do.
Genesis 21:5 Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born to him.
Genesis 21:6 Sarah said, "God has made me laugh, and everyone who hears this will laugh with me."
Genesis 21:7 She asked, "Who would have thought to tell Abraham that Sarah could nurse children? Yet I have given him a son in his old age."
Genesis 21:8 The child grew and was weaned. Abraham had a big feast on the day Isaac was weaned.
Genesis 21:9 Sarah saw Hagar the Egyptian's son, whom she had given to Abraham, making fun.
Genesis 21:10 So she told Abraham, "Send away this servant woman and her son, because the son of this servant woman will not share the inheritance with my son, Isaac."
Genesis 21:11 Abraham was very upset about his son.
Genesis 21:12 God told Abraham, "Don't be upset because of the boy and your servant. Listen to everything Sarah tells you, because your descendants will be named through Isaac."
Genesis 21:13 I will also make a nation from the son of the servant woman, because he is your descendant.
Genesis 21:14 Abraham got up early in the morning, took some bread and a water bottle, gave them to Hagar, put them on her shoulder along with the child, and sent her off. Then she left and walked around in the Beersheba desert.
Genesis 21:15 The water in the bottle ran out, and she put the child under a bush.
Genesis 21:16 She went and sat down some distance away, about as far as an arrow can fly, because she said, "I can't watch the boy die." So she sat away from him, cried out loud, and wept.
Genesis 21:17 God heard the boy crying, and God's angel spoke to Hagar from heaven, saying, "What's wrong, Hagar? Don't be afraid, because God has heard the boy crying where he is."
Genesis 21:18 Get up, pick up the boy, and hold him; because I will make him into a great nation.
Genesis 21:19 God made her see, and she noticed a water well; she went, filled her jar with water, and gave the boy a drink.
Genesis 21:20 God was with the boy; he grew up, lived in the desert, and became a bowman.
Genesis 21:21 He lived in the Paran desert, and his mother got him a wife from Egypt.
Genesis 21:22 At that time, Abimelech and Phichol, his army commander, told Abraham, "God is with you in everything you do."
Genesis 21:23 Now promise me here before God that you will not lie to me, or to my son, or to my grandson. Instead, treat me and the land where you have lived as a foreigner with the same kindness I have shown you.
Genesis 21:24 Abraham said, "I will make a promise."
Genesis 21:25 Abraham scolded Abimelech about a water well that Abimelech's workers had forcefully taken.
Genesis 21:26 Abimelech said, "I don't know who did this; you didn't tell me, and I haven't heard about it until today."
Genesis 21:27 Abraham took sheep and cattle and gave them to Abimelech; and they both made an agreement.
Genesis 21:28 Abraham placed seven female sheep from the flock apart.
Genesis 21:29 Abimelech asked Abraham, "What do these seven young female sheep you have placed apart mean?"
Genesis 21:30 He said, "Take these seven young female sheep from me so they will be proof that I dug this well."
Genesis 21:31 So he named that place Beersheba, because they both made a promise there.
Genesis 21:32 So they agreed on a promise at Beersheba. Then Abimelech and Phichol, the leader of his army, went back to the land of the Philistines.
Genesis 21:33 Abraham planted trees in Beersheba and prayed to God, who lives forever.
Genesis 21:34 Abraham lived in the Philistines' land for a long time.

Genesis 22:1 After these events, God tested Abraham. He called, "Abraham," and Abraham answered, "Here I am."
Genesis 22:2 He said, "Now take your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah. There, offer him as a burnt offering on a mountain I will show you."
Genesis 22:3 Abraham got up early in the morning, saddled his donkey, took two of his helpers and his son Isaac, cut wood for the sacrifice, and set out for the place God had mentioned to him.
Genesis 22:4 On the third day, Abraham looked up and saw the place from a distance.
Genesis 22:5 Abraham told his servants, "Stay here with the donkey; the boy and I will go over there to worship, and then we'll come back to you."
Genesis 22:6 Abraham put the wood for the offering on his son Isaac; he carried the fire and a knife, and they walked on together.
Genesis 22:7 Isaac said to his father Abraham, "My father?" Abraham replied, "Yes, my son." Isaac asked, "We have the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for the sacrifice?"
Genesis 22:8 Abraham said, "My son, God will find a lamb for a sacrifice." So they both went on together.
Genesis 22:9 They reached the place God had mentioned; Abraham made an altar there, arranged the wood, tied up his son Isaac, and put him on the altar on top of the wood.
Genesis 22:10 Abraham reached out his hand, grabbed the knife to kill his son.
Genesis 22:11 God's messenger called to him from the sky, saying, "Abraham, Abraham!" And he answered, "I'm here."
Genesis 22:12 He said, "Don't hurt the boy or do anything to him, because now I see that you respect God. You didn't refuse to give me your only son."
Genesis 22:13 Abraham looked up and saw a ram with its horns stuck in the bushes behind him. He took the ram and sacrificed it as a burnt offering instead of his son.
Genesis 22:14 Abraham named that place "The Lord Will Provide." People still say today, "On God's mountain, it will be provided."
Genesis 22:15 The angel of God called to Abraham from heaven again.
Genesis 22:16 God said, "I promise by myself that, since you have done this and have not kept back your only son from me:
Genesis 22:17 I will surely bless you and increase your descendants like the stars in the sky and the sand on the seashore; your descendants will conquer their enemies' cities.
Genesis 22:18 Through your descendants, all countries of the world will be blessed because you listened to me.
Genesis 22:19 Abraham went back to his servants, and together they got up and traveled to Beersheba; and Abraham lived in Beersheba.
Genesis 22:20 After these events, someone told Abraham, "Look, Milcah has also given birth to children for your brother Nahor."
Genesis 22:21 Huz was his first child, Buz was his brother, and Kemuel was Aram's father.
Genesis 22:22 Chesed, Hazo, Pildash, Jidlaph, and Bethuel.
Genesis 22:23 Bethuel became the father of Rebekah. Milcah gave birth to these eight children for Nahor, Abraham's brother.
Genesis 22:24 His companion Reumah also had children: Tebah, Gaham, Thahash, and Maachah.

Genesis 23:1 Sarah lived to be 127 years old.
Genesis 23:2 Sarah died in Kirjatharba, also called Hebron, in the land of Canaan, and Abraham came to mourn and cry for her.
Genesis 23:3 Abraham got up from near his deceased and said to Heth's sons,
Genesis 23:4 I am a foreigner and traveler among you. Please let me have a place to bury my dead, so I can bury them and not see them anymore.
Genesis 23:5 The Heth people replied to Abraham, saying to him,
Genesis 23:6 Listen to us, sir: you are a respected leader among us. Choose any of our burial places to bury your dead. No one here will refuse you their grave for you to bury your dead.
Genesis 23:7 Abraham stood up and bowed to the local people, including the Heth family members.
Genesis 23:8 He talked with them, saying, "If you agree that I should bury my dead away from me, listen to me and ask Ephron son of Zohar for help."
Genesis 23:9 He should sell me the cave of Machpelah that he owns, located at the edge of his field. I will pay its full price so it can be my burial site among you.
Genesis 23:10 Ephron lived with the Heth people and in front of them, and all who entered his city's gate, Ephron the Hittite replied to Abraham, saying,
Genesis 23:11 No, my lord, listen to me: I give you the field and the cave in it; I give it to you in front of my people's sons; bury your dead.
Genesis 23:12 Abraham bowed down to the local people.
Genesis 23:13 He spoke to Ephron with the people of the land listening, saying, "But if you will give it, please listen to me: I will pay you money for the field. Accept it from me, so I can bury my dead there."
Genesis 23:14 Ephron replied to Abraham, saying to him,
Genesis 23:15 Sir, please listen to me: the land costs four hundred silver coins; what difference does that make between us? Go ahead and bury your dead.
Genesis 23:16 Abraham listened to Ephron and paid him the 400 silver coins he had mentioned in front of the Heth's sons, which was the usual money used in trade.
Genesis 23:17 Ephron's field in Machpelah, near Mamre, including the field, the cave in it, and all the trees around its edges, was secured.
Genesis 23:18 To Abraham as his own land, seen by the Heth people, in front of everyone at his city gate.
Genesis 23:19 After this, Abraham buried his wife Sarah in the cave at Machpelah field near Mamre, which is Hebron in Canaan.
Genesis 23:20 The field and the cave in it were guaranteed to Abraham as a burial place by the Heth sons.

Genesis 24:1 Abraham was old and advanced in years, and God had blessed Abraham in every way.
Genesis 24:2 Abraham said to his oldest servant, who managed everything he owned, "Please put your hand under my thigh."
Genesis 24:3 I will make you promise by God, the God of heaven and earth, not to get a wife for my son from the Canaanite girls where I live.
Genesis 24:4 Go to my homeland and my family, and find a wife for my son Isaac.
Genesis 24:5 The servant asked, "What if the woman doesn't want to come back with me to this place? Should I take your son back to the country you came from?"
Genesis 24:6 Abraham told him, "Make sure you don't take my son back there."
Genesis 24:7 God of heaven, who took me from my father's house and my relatives' land, who spoke to me and promised me, saying, 'I will give this land to your descendants,' will send an angel ahead of you, and you will get a wife for my son from there.
Genesis 24:8 If the woman doesn't want to come with you, you are free from my promise. Just don't take my son back there.
Genesis 24:9 The servant placed his hand under his master Abraham's thigh and made a promise to him about this subject.
Genesis 24:10 The servant took ten of his master's camels and left, carrying all his master's wealth. He then set out for Mesopotamia, to Nahor's city.
Genesis 24:11 He made his camels kneel outside the city near a water well when it was evening, the time when women come out to get water.
Genesis 24:12 He said, "God of my master Abraham, please let me be successful today and show kindness to my master Abraham."
Genesis 24:13 Look, I am standing by the water well; and the city men's daughters come out to get water.
Genesis 24:14 Let it happen that the young woman I ask to lower her jar so I can have a drink, and who offers to water my camels too, be the one you have chosen for your servant Isaac. This is how I will know you have been kind to my master.
Genesis 24:15 Before he finished talking, Rebekah came out. She was born to Bethuel, Milcah's son and Nahor's wife (Abraham's brother), carrying a pitcher on her shoulder.
Genesis 24:16 The young woman was very pretty, had never been with a man, and she went to the well, filled her jar, and came back up.
Genesis 24:17 The servant hurried to her and asked, "Please let me have a little water from your pitcher to drink."
Genesis 24:18 She said, "Drink, sir," and quickly lowered her jar onto her hand to give him a drink.
Genesis 24:19 After she gave him water, she said, "I will also get water for your camels until they finish drinking."
Genesis 24:20 She hurried, poured her jar into the trough, ran back to the well to get more water, and filled it up for all the camels.
Genesis 24:21 The man watched her in silence, wondering if God had made his trip successful.
Genesis 24:22 After the camels finished drinking, the man gave her a gold earring weighing half a shekel and two gold bracelets for her wrists weighing ten shekels.
Genesis 24:23 He asked, "Whose daughter are you? Please tell me, is there space at your father's house for us to stay?"
Genesis 24:24 She said to him, "I am Bethuel's daughter, Milcah's grandson who gave birth to Nahor's child."
Genesis 24:25 She also told him, "We have plenty of straw and feed, and a place to stay."
Genesis 24:26 The man lowered his head and honored God.
Genesis 24:27 He said, "Praise God of my master Abraham, who has not denied my master his kindness and honesty. While I was on the journey, God guided me to my master's family's home."
Genesis 24:28 The young woman ran and told her mother's family about these things.
Genesis 24:29 Rebekah had a brother named Laban, and Laban hurried out to the man at the well.
Genesis 24:30 When he saw the earring and bracelets on his sister's hands, and heard her saying what the man told her, he went to the man who was standing by the camels near the well.
Genesis 24:31 He said, "Come in, you who are blessed by God; why are you standing outside? I have made the house ready and have space for the camels."
Genesis 24:32 The man entered the house, took off his camels' gear, gave them straw and food, and brought water to wash his own and his companions' feet.
Genesis 24:33 Food was placed in front of him to eat, but he said, "I won't eat until I explain my mission." Then they told him, "Go ahead and speak."
Genesis 24:34 He said, "I am Abraham's servant."
Genesis 24:35 God has blessed my master a lot; he has become very important: and God has given him sheep, cattle, silver, gold, male servants, female servants, camels, and donkeys.
Genesis 24:36 Sarah, my master's wife, had a son for my master when she was old, and he has given him everything he owns.
Genesis 24:37 My master made me promise not to get a wife for his son from the Canaanite women where we live.
Genesis 24:38 Go to my father's house and to my relatives, and find a wife for my son.
Genesis 24:39 And I said to my boss, Maybe the woman won't come with me.
Genesis 24:40 He told me, 'God, whom I follow, will send an angel with you to make your journey successful; and you will find a wife for my son from my relatives and my father's family.'
Genesis 24:41 Then you will be free from my promise when you go to my family; and if they do not give you someone, you will be free from my promise.
Genesis 24:42 I came to the well today and said, "God of my master Abraham, if you will make my journey successful:"
Genesis 24:43 Look, I'm standing by the water well. When a young woman comes to get water, and I ask her for a little drink from her jar,
Genesis 24:44 She said to me, 'Drink, and I will also get water for your camels.' Let her be the one God has chosen for my master's son.
Genesis 24:45 Before I finished thinking to myself, Rebekah came out with a jar on her shoulder. She went down to the well and drew water. Then I asked her, "Please let me have a drink."
Genesis 24:46 She quickly took her jar off her shoulder, said "Drink, and I'll water your camels too." So I drank, and she watered the camels as well.
Genesis 24:47 I asked her, "Who is your father?" She replied, "I am Bethuel's daughter, the son of Nahor, whom Milcah gave birth to for him." Then I put the earring on her face and the bracelets on her hands.
Genesis 24:48 I bowed my head, worshipped God, and blessed God of my master Abraham who guided me correctly to choose my master's brother's daughter for his son.
Genesis 24:49 If you will treat my master with kindness and honesty, tell me. If not, tell me, so I can go either to the right or to the left.
Genesis 24:50 Then Laban and Bethuel replied, "This matter is from God: we cannot say anything bad or good to you."
Genesis 24:51 Look, Rebekah is here; take her and go so she can become the wife of your master's son, as God has said.
Genesis 24:52 When Abraham's servant heard what they said, he bowed down to the ground to worship God.
Genesis 24:53 The servant took out silver and gold jewelry and clothes, and gave them to Rebekah. He also gave valuable gifts to her brother and her mother.
Genesis 24:54 They ate and drank, he and the men with him, and stayed all night; they got up in the morning, and he said, Let me go to my master.
Genesis 24:55 Her brother and mother said, "Let the girl stay with us for a few days, at least ten; then she can go."
Genesis 24:56 He said to them, "Don't stop me, since God has made my journey successful; let me go so I can return to my master."
Genesis 24:57 We will ask the young woman what she thinks.
Genesis 24:58 They called Rebekah and asked her, "Will you go with this man?" She said, "I will go."
Genesis 24:59 They sent off their sister Rebekah, her nurse, Abraham's servant, and his men.
Genesis 24:60 They blessed Rebekah and said to her, "You are our sister. May you be the mother of many millions and may your descendants conquer the lands of their enemies."
Genesis 24:61 Rebekah and her maids got up, they rode on the camels, and followed the man. The servant took Rebekah and left.
Genesis 24:62 Isaac returned from near the well Lahairoi; he was living in the southern land.
Genesis 24:63 Isaac went out to think in the field in the evening; when he looked up, he saw camels approaching.
Genesis 24:64 Rebekah looked up, and when she saw Isaac, she got down from the camel.
Genesis 24:65 She had asked the servant, "Who is that man walking in the field to meet us?" The servant replied, "It's my boss." So she took a veil and covered herself.
Genesis 24:66 The servant told Isaac everything he had done.
Genesis 24:67 Isaac took Rebekah into his mother Sarah's tent, married her, and loved her. Isaac felt better after his mother died.

Genesis 25:1 Abraham married another woman, and her name was Keturah.
Genesis 25:2 She gave birth to Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah for him.
Genesis 25:3 Jokshan had Sheba and Dedan as sons. Dedan's sons were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim.
Genesis 25:4 Midian's sons were Ephah, Epher, Hanoch, Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were Keturah's children.
Genesis 25:5 Abraham gave everything he owned to Isaac.
Genesis 25:6 Abraham gave presents to his other sons, whose mother was a concubine, and sent them away from his son Isaac to the east land while he was still alive.
Genesis 25:7 Abraham lived 175 years.
Genesis 25:8 Then Abraham passed away and died at an old age, as an old man who lived a long life, and he joined his ancestors.
Genesis 25:9 Isaac and Ishmael, his sons, buried him in the Machpelah cave, in Ephron the Hittite's field near Mamre.
Genesis 25:10 Abraham bought the field from the Heth sons; there, Abraham and his wife Sarah were buried.
Genesis 25:11 After Abraham died, God blessed his son Isaac, who lived near Lahairoi well.
Genesis 25:12 Here are the descendants of Ishmael, Abraham's son, born to Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's servant, by Abraham:
Genesis 25:13 These are the names of Ishmael's sons, listed by their names, in order of their birth: Ishmael's first son is Nebajoth, then Kedar, Adbeel, and Mibsam.
Genesis 25:14 Mishma, Dumah, and Massa,
Genesis 25:15 Hadar, Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah.
Genesis 25:16 These are Ishmael's sons, with their names, by their towns and fortresses; twelve leaders for their tribes.
Genesis 25:17 Ishmael lived 137 years. Then he died and joined his ancestors.
Genesis 25:18 They lived from Havilah to Shur, near Egypt on the way to Assyria; and he died with all his brothers around.
Genesis 25:19 These are the descendants of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham was the father of Isaac.
Genesis 25:20 Isaac was 40 when he married Rebekah, who was the daughter of Bethuel from Syria and the sister of Laban, also from Syria.
Genesis 25:21 Isaac prayed to God for his wife because she could not have children, and God answered his prayer, so his wife Rebekah became pregnant.
Genesis 25:22 The babies inside her were fighting, and she wondered, "Why is this happening to me?" So she went to ask God for answers.
Genesis 25:23 God said to her, "Two nations are in your womb, and two different groups of people will come from you; one group will be stronger than the other, and the older will serve the younger."
Genesis 25:24 When the time came for her to give birth, she had twins in her belly.
Genesis 25:25 The first baby was born red and covered with hair like a coat, and they named him Esau.
Genesis 25:26 After that, his brother came out, grabbing Esau's heel, and they named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when they were born.
Genesis 25:27 The boys grew up: Esau became a skilled hunter, loving the outdoors; Jacob was a quiet man, staying among the tents.
Genesis 25:28 Isaac loved Esau because he ate Esau's wild game, but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Genesis 25:29 Jacob cooked stew, and Esau returned from the field, feeling weak.
Genesis 25:30 Esau said to Jacob, "Please give me some of that red stew because I am very tired." That is why he was also called Edom.
Genesis 25:31 Jacob said, Sell me your birthright today.
Genesis 25:32 Esau said, "Look, I'm about to die; what good is my birthright to me?"
Genesis 25:33 Jacob said, "Promise me today"; so he promised to him, and he sold his right as the firstborn to Jacob.
Genesis 25:34 Jacob gave Esau bread and lentil stew; Esau ate, drank, got up, and left, showing he cared little for his birthright.

Genesis 26:1 There was not enough food in the country, in addition to the earlier food shortage during Abraham's time. Isaac went to see Abimelech, the king of the Philistines, in Gerar.
Genesis 26:2 God appeared to him and said, "Do not go down to Egypt; live in the land I will tell you about."
Genesis 26:3 Stay in this land, and I will be with you and bless you. I will give all these countries to you and your descendants, and I will keep the promise I made to your father Abraham.
Genesis 26:4 I will make your children as many as the stars in the sky, and I will give them all these lands; through your descendants, all the world's nations will be blessed.
Genesis 26:5 Abraham listened to me and followed my orders, commands, rules, and laws.
Genesis 26:6 Isaac lived in Gerar.
Genesis 26:7 The local people asked him about his wife; he said, "She is my sister," because he was afraid to say, "She is my wife." He thought they might kill him because of Rebekah, as she was very beautiful.
Genesis 26:8 When he had been there a long time, King Abimelech of the Philistines looked out a window and saw Isaac being affectionate with his wife Rebekah.
Genesis 26:9 Abimelech called Isaac and said, "She is really your wife; why did you say, 'She is my sister'?" Isaac answered, "I thought I might be killed because of her."
Genesis 26:10 Abimelech asked, "What have you done to us? Someone could easily have slept with your wife, and you would have made us guilty."
Genesis 26:11 Abimelech told everyone, "Anyone who harms this man or his wife will definitely be killed."
Genesis 26:12 Then Isaac planted crops in that land, and in that same year, he got a hundred times more than he planted, and God blessed him.
Genesis 26:13 The man became very successful and continued to prosper until he was extremely wealthy.
Genesis 26:14 He owned many sheep, cattle, and had many workers: the Philistines were jealous of him.
Genesis 26:15 All the wells that his father's servants had dug during Abraham's time, the Philistines had blocked them and filled them with dirt.
Genesis 26:16 Abimelech said to Isaac, "Leave us; you are much stronger than we are."
Genesis 26:17 Isaac left that place and set up his tent in the Gerar valley and lived there.
Genesis 26:18 Isaac reopened the water wells that were dug in his father Abraham's time, because the Philistines had filled them after Abraham died. He named them what his father had named them.
Genesis 26:19 Isaac's workers dug in the valley and found a well with flowing water.
Genesis 26:20 The herders from Gerar fought with Isaac's herders, saying, "The water is ours!" So, he named the well Esek because they argued with him.
Genesis 26:21 They dug another well, and people also fought over it; so he named it Sitnah.
Genesis 26:22 He moved from there, dug another well, and no one fought over it. He named it Rehoboth, saying, "Now God has given us space, and we will grow in this land."
Genesis 26:23 He left that place and went to Beersheba.
Genesis 26:24 That night, God appeared to him and said, "I am the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you. I will bless you and give you many descendants to honor my servant Abraham."
Genesis 26:25 He built an altar there, called on God's name, set up his tent, and Isaac's servants dug a well.
Genesis 26:26 Abimelech from Gerar, his friend Ahuzzath, and Phichol, his army's leader, went to him.
Genesis 26:27 Isaac asked them, "Why do you come to me if you hate me and have made me leave you?"
Genesis 26:28 They said, "We clearly saw that God was with you, so we thought, let's make a promise between us and you, and let's agree together."
Genesis 26:29 Please do us no harm, as we have not harmed you and have only treated you well, sending you off peacefully. You are now blessed by God.
Genesis 26:30 He prepared a meal for them, and they ate and drank.
Genesis 26:31 They got up early in the morning, made promises to each other, and then Isaac sent them away, and they left him peacefully.
Genesis 26:32 That same day, Isaac's workers came and told him about the well they had dug, and said to him, "We have found water."
Genesis 26:33 He named it Shebah, so the city is called Beersheba to this day.
Genesis 26:34 Esau was forty when he married Judith, Beeri the Hittite's daughter, and Bashemath, Elon the Hittite's daughter.
Genesis 26:35 They made Isaac and Rebekah very unhappy.

Genesis 27:1 When Isaac got old and could no longer see well, he called for his oldest son Esau and said, "My son." Esau said to him, "Here I am."
Genesis 27:2 He said, "Look, I am old and don't know when I will die."
Genesis 27:3 Please take your weapons, your arrows, and your bow, go to the fields, and get me some deer meat.
Genesis 27:4 Prepare tasty food for me, the kind I like, and bring it to me so I can eat and then bless you before I die.
Genesis 27:5 Rebekah heard when Isaac spoke to his son Esau. And Esau went to the field to hunt for deer meat and to bring it back.
Genesis 27:6 Rebekah said to her son Jacob, "Look, I heard your father talking to your brother Esau, saying,
Genesis 27:7 Bring me some deer meat and cook it well so I can eat and give you my blessing before I die.
Genesis 27:8 Now, my son, listen to what I say and do it.
Genesis 27:9 Go to the herd now and bring me two good young goats. I will cook a tasty meal for your father, one he likes.
Genesis 27:10 Bring it to your father to eat, so he can bless you before he dies.
Genesis 27:11 Jacob told his mother Rebekah, "Look, my brother Esau is very hairy, and I have smooth skin."
Genesis 27:12 My father might touch me, and I will appear to him as a liar; and I will bring a curse on myself, not a blessing.
Genesis 27:13 His mother said to him, "Let any curse fall on me, my son. Just listen to me and go get them for me."
Genesis 27:14 He went, got them, and brought them to his mother; and his mother cooked tasty food that his father liked.
Genesis 27:15 Rebekah took fine clothes belonging to her oldest son Esau, which she had at home, and dressed her younger son Jacob in them.
Genesis 27:16 She put the goat kids' skins on his hands and on his smooth neck.
Genesis 27:17 She gave the tasty meat and bread she made to her son Jacob.
Genesis 27:18 He went to his father and said, "My father." His father replied, "I am here. Who are you, my son?"
Genesis 27:19 Jacob told his father, "I am Esau, your firstborn; I did as you told me. Get up, please, sit and eat the meat I brought, so you can bless me."
Genesis 27:20 And Isaac asked his son, "How did you find it so fast, my son?" And he said, "Because God brought it to me."
Genesis 27:21 Isaac said to Jacob, "Please come closer so I can touch you, my son, to know if you are really my son Esau or not."
Genesis 27:22 Jacob went close to his father Isaac; Isaac touched him and said, "The voice sounds like Jacob, but the hands feel like Esau's hands."
Genesis 27:23 He didn't recognize him because his hands were hairy like his brother Esau's, so he gave him a blessing.
Genesis 27:24 He asked, "Are you really my son Esau?" And he answered, "I am."
Genesis 27:25 He said, "Bring it to me so I can eat the meat from my son and then I will give you a blessing." He gave it to him and he ate; he also gave him wine and he drank.
Genesis 27:26 Isaac said to him, "Come here now and kiss me, my son."
Genesis 27:27 He came close and kissed him, and when he smelled his clothes, he blessed him and said, "The scent of my son is like the fragrance of a field that God has blessed."
Genesis 27:28 May God give you dew from the sky, rich soil on the earth, and an abundance of grain and wine.
Genesis 27:29 Let people serve you and nations respect you. Be a leader to your brothers, and may your mother's sons respect you. May those who curse you be cursed, and those who bless you be blessed.
Genesis 27:30 After Isaac finished blessing Jacob and while Jacob had just left, Esau returned from hunting.
Genesis 27:31 He also prepared tasty food and took it to his father. He said to his father, "Please get up and eat your son's hunted meat, so you can give me your blessing."
Genesis 27:32 Isaac said to him, "Who are you?" And he answered, "I am your son, your firstborn, Esau."
Genesis 27:33 Isaac shook with great fear and asked, "Who is the one who caught the deer and brought it to me? I ate it all before you arrived, and I gave him a blessing. Yes, he will stay blessed."
Genesis 27:34 When Esau heard what his father said, he wept loudly and bitterly, and said to his father, "Please bless me too, my father."
Genesis 27:35 He said, "Your brother came deceitfully and took your blessing."
Genesis 27:36 He asked, "Isn't he correctly called Jacob? He has cheated me twice: he took my birthright and now he has taken my blessing. Do you have any blessing left for me?"
Genesis 27:37 Isaac replied to Esau, "Look, I have made him your leader, and I have made all his brothers his helpers; I have also given him grain and wine. So what can I do for you now, my son?"
Genesis 27:38 Esau said to his father, "Do you have only one blessing, my father? Bless me too, father." Then Esau cried loudly.
Genesis 27:39 Isaac, his father, replied, "Look, your home will be in the richest parts of the land, and from the dew of the sky above."
Genesis 27:40 You will live by your sword and serve your brother; but when you gain power, you will break free from his control.
Genesis 27:41 Esau hated Jacob for the blessing his father gave him. Esau thought, "When the time of mourning for my father is near, I will kill my brother Jacob."
Genesis 27:42 Rebekah heard what Esau, her older son, said. She sent for Jacob, her younger son, and told him, "Look, your brother Esau wants to kill you to feel better.
Genesis 27:43 Now, my son, listen to me; get up, escape to my brother Laban in Haran.
Genesis 27:44 Stay with him for a few days until your brother's anger fades away.
Genesis 27:45 Wait until your brother is no longer angry with you and forgets what you did to him; then I will send for you and bring you back. Why should I lose both of you in one day?
Genesis 27:46 Rebekah told Isaac, "I am tired of living because of Heth's daughters. If Jacob marries one of Heth's daughters, like the local women, what's the point of my life?"

Genesis 28:1 Isaac called Jacob, blessed him, gave him instructions, and said to him, "You must not marry any of the Canaanite women."
Genesis 28:2 Get up, go to Padanaram, to your grandfather Bethuel's house; and get a wife from there among your uncle Laban's daughters.
Genesis 28:3 May God bless you, make you fruitful, and increase your numbers so you become many people.
Genesis 28:4 God will give you and your descendants the same blessing He gave Abraham, so you can own the land where you are living as a foreigner, which God gave to Abraham.
Genesis 28:5 Isaac sent Jacob away, and he went to Padanaram to Laban, Bethuel the Syrian's son and Rebekah's brother, who was the mother of Jacob and Esau.
Genesis 28:6 When Esau realized that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him to Padanaram to find a wife there, and that he had instructed him not to marry a Canaanite woman as he blessed him.
Genesis 28:7 Jacob listened to his father and mother and went to Padanaram.
Genesis 28:8 Esau saw that his father Isaac did not like the women of Canaan.
Genesis 28:9 Esau went to Ishmael and married Mahalath, Ishmael's daughter and Nebajoth's sister, in addition to his other wives.
Genesis 28:10 Jacob left Beersheba and headed for Haran.
Genesis 28:11 He came to a certain place, stayed there overnight because the sun had gone down, took some stones to use as pillows, and lay down to sleep.
Genesis 28:12 He dreamed of a ladder standing on the ground with its top reaching to heaven, and God's angels were going up and down on it.
Genesis 28:13 Look, God stood above and said, "I am the God of your father Abraham and the God of Isaac. I will give you and your children the land you're lying on."
Genesis 28:14 Your descendants will be as numerous as the dust of the earth, and you will spread out to the west, east, north, and south. Through you and your descendants, all the earth's families will be blessed.
Genesis 28:15 Look, I am with you and will watch over you wherever you go, and I will bring you back to this land. I will not leave you until I do what I promised you.
Genesis 28:16 Jacob woke up from his sleep and said, "God is definitely in this place, and I didn't know it."
Genesis 28:17 He was scared and said, "This place is terrifying! It's truly God's house and the entrance to heaven."
Genesis 28:18 Jacob got up early in the morning, took the stone he used as his pillow, stood it upright as a pillar, and poured oil on top of it.
Genesis 28:19 He named that place Bethel, though it was first called Luz.
Genesis 28:20 Jacob made a promise, saying, "If God is with me and keeps me safe on my journey, gives me food to eat and clothes to wear,
Genesis 28:21 So if I return safely to my father's home, then God will be my God.
Genesis 28:22 This stone I have put up as a marker will be God's house, and I will give back to you a tenth of everything you give me.

Genesis 29:1 Jacob continued his travel and reached the land of the eastern people.
Genesis 29:2 He saw a well in the field, with three groups of sheep nearby; they used that well to give water to the sheep, and a large stone covered the well's opening.
Genesis 29:3 All the flocks were brought there. They moved the stone from the well's opening, gave water to the sheep, and put the stone back over the well's opening where it was before.
Genesis 29:4 Jacob asked them, "My brothers, where are you from?" They replied, "We are from Haran."
Genesis 29:5 He asked them, "Do you know Laban, Nahor's son?" They replied, "Yes, we know him."
Genesis 29:6 He asked them, "Is he doing well?" They replied, "He is well," and look, Rachel, his daughter, is coming with the sheep.
Genesis 29:7 He said, "Look, the day is still long; it's not time to bring the cattle together. Give the sheep water and go feed them."
Genesis 29:8 They said, "We can't until all the sheep are together and the stone is moved from the well's opening; then we give the sheep water."
Genesis 29:9 While he was still talking to them, Rachel arrived with her father's sheep because she was taking care of them.
Genesis 29:10 When Jacob saw Rachel, Laban's daughter, and Laban's sheep, he went up, moved the stone from the well, and watered Laban's sheep.
Genesis 29:11 Jacob kissed Rachel, then he cried out loud.
Genesis 29:12 Jacob explained to Rachel that he was her dad's relative and the son of Rebekah, then she quickly went to tell her dad.
Genesis 29:13 When Laban heard about his nephew Jacob, he ran to greet him, hugged and kissed him, and took him to his home. Then Jacob told Laban everything.
Genesis 29:14 Laban said to him, "You are truly my family, my own flesh and bone." And he stayed with Laban for a month.
Genesis 29:15 Laban said to Jacob, "Just because you are my brother, should you work for me for free? Tell me, what do you want to be paid?"
Genesis 29:16 Laban had two daughters: the older was named Leah, and the younger was named Rachel.
Genesis 29:17 Leah had soft eyes; but Rachel was very beautiful.
Genesis 29:18 Jacob loved Rachel and said, "I will work for you seven years to marry your younger daughter Rachel."
Genesis 29:19 Laban said, "It's better for me to give her to you than to another man. Stay with me."
Genesis 29:20 Jacob worked seven years for Rachel; they felt like only a few days to him because he loved her so much.
Genesis 29:21 Jacob said to Laban, "Give me my wife because the time is complete, so I can be with her."
Genesis 29:22 Laban brought all the local men together and prepared a big meal.
Genesis 29:23 In the evening, he brought his daughter Leah to him, and they were together.
Genesis 29:24 Laban gave his daughter Leah his servant Zilpah to be her maid.
Genesis 29:25 In the morning, he saw it was Leah. He asked Laban, "What have you done to me? Didn't I work for you to marry Rachel? Why have you tricked me?"
Genesis 29:26 Laban said, "In our country, we don't allow the younger daughter to marry before the older one."
Genesis 29:27 Finish her seven days, and we will let you marry the other one if you work for me for another seven years.
Genesis 29:28 Jacob did this and finished the week; then he also married Rachel, his daughter.
Genesis 29:29 Laban gave his daughter Rachel his servant Bilhah to be her maid.
Genesis 29:30 He also went to Rachel, loved Rachel more than Leah, and worked for seven more years.
Genesis 29:31 When God saw that Leah was not loved, he let her have children, but Rachel could not have children.
Genesis 29:32 Leah became pregnant, had a son, and named him Reuben, because she said, "God has seen my troubles; now my husband will love me."
Genesis 29:33 She became pregnant again and gave birth to a son. She said, "God has heard that I was unloved, so He has given me another son." She named him Simeon.
Genesis 29:34 She became pregnant again and had a son. She said, "Now my husband will feel close to me, because I have given birth to three sons for him." That is why she named him Levi.
Genesis 29:35 She became pregnant again and had a son. She said, "Now I will praise God." So she named him Judah and stopped having children.

Genesis 30:1 When Rachel saw she had no children for Jacob, she was jealous of her sister and said to Jacob, "Give me children, or I will die."
Genesis 30:2 Jacob became angry with Rachel and said, "Am I God, who has kept you from having children?"
Genesis 30:3 She said, "Here is my servant Bilhah. Sleep with her so she can have children for me, and I can also build a family through her."
Genesis 30:4 She gave her servant Bilhah to Jacob as a wife, and Jacob slept with her.
Genesis 30:5 Bilhah became pregnant and gave birth to a son for Jacob.
Genesis 30:6 Rachel said, "God has judged me, has heard my voice, and has given me a son; so she named him Dan."
Genesis 30:7 Bilhah, Rachel's servant, became pregnant again and gave birth to a second son for Jacob.
Genesis 30:8 Rachel said, "I've struggled hard with my sister and I have won," so she named him Naphtali.
Genesis 30:9 When Leah realized she couldn't have more children, she gave her servant Zilpah to Jacob as a wife.
Genesis 30:10 Leah's servant Zilpah gave Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:11 Leah said, "A group is coming," and she named him Gad.
Genesis 30:12 Leah's servant Zilpah gave birth to Jacob's second son.
Genesis 30:13 Leah said, "I am happy because women will say I am lucky," and she named him Asher.
Genesis 30:14 Reuben went during the wheat harvest, found mandrakes in the field, and brought them to his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, "Please give me some of your son's mandrakes."
Genesis 30:15 She asked her, "Isn't it enough that you took my husband? Now do you want to take my son's mandrakes too?" Rachel replied, "Okay, he can sleep with you tonight in exchange for your son's mandrakes."
Genesis 30:16 Jacob came from the field in the evening, and Leah met him, saying, "You must come to me; I have paid for you with my son's mandrakes." So, he slept with her that night.
Genesis 30:17 God listened to Leah, and she became pregnant and gave birth to Jacob's fifth son.
Genesis 30:18 Leah said, "God has rewarded me for giving my servant to my husband," and she named him Issachar.
Genesis 30:19 Leah became pregnant again and gave Jacob a sixth son.
Genesis 30:20 Leah said, "God has given me a great gift; now my husband will stay with me because I have given birth to six sons for him." So she named him Zebulun.
Genesis 30:21 Later she had a daughter and named her Dinah.
Genesis 30:22 God remembered Rachel, listened to her, and made it possible for her to have children.
Genesis 30:23 She became pregnant and had a son, and said, "God has removed my disgrace."
Genesis 30:24 She named him Joseph and said, "God will give me another son."
Genesis 30:25 After Rachel gave birth to Joseph, Jacob said to Laban, "Let me go back to my own home and country."
Genesis 30:26 Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have worked for you, and let me leave: because you know how much I have worked for you.
Genesis 30:27 Laban said to him, "Please, if you like me, stay here, because I have seen that God has blessed me because of you."
Genesis 30:28 He said, "Tell me what to pay you, and I will give it."
Genesis 30:29 He said to him, "You know how I worked for you and how your animals were under my care."
Genesis 30:30 When I arrived, you had little, but now you have much because God has blessed you since I came. Now, when can I start to provide for my own family?
Genesis 30:31 He asked, "What should I give you?" And Jacob replied, "You don't need to give me anything. If you agree to do this for me, I will continue to take care of your sheep."
Genesis 30:32 Today, I will go through all your sheep and goats and pick out all the animals with spots and speckles, and the brown sheep. Those will be my payment.
Genesis 30:33 My goodness will speak for me in the future. When it’s time to settle my wages, any goat that isn't speckled and spotted, and any sheep that isn't brown, will be considered stolen by me.
Genesis 30:34 Laban said, "I hope it can be as you say."
Genesis 30:35 That day, he separated the male goats with stripes and spots, all the female goats with speckles and spots, everyone with white on them, and all the brown sheep, and put them under his sons' care.
Genesis 30:36 He traveled for three days away from Jacob, and Jacob took care of the rest of Laban's sheep.
Genesis 30:37 Jacob took branches from green poplar, hazel, and chestnut trees; he peeled white stripes on them, making the white underneath show on the branches.
Genesis 30:38 He put the stripped branches in the water troughs so that when the sheep came to drink, they would mate by the branches.
Genesis 30:39 The herds bred in front of the sticks and gave birth to striped, speckled, and spotted animals.
Genesis 30:40 Jacob separated the lambs and made the flocks face the striped ones and all the brown ones in Laban's flock; he kept his flocks apart and didn't mix them with Laban's animals.
Genesis 30:41 Whenever the strong sheep became pregnant, Jacob would place the sticks in front of the sheep at the watering troughs so they would mate near the sticks.
Genesis 30:42 When the weak animals mated, he did not put the sticks there, so the weaker animals became Laban's and the stronger ones Jacob's.
Genesis 30:43 The man became very rich, with many cattle, female and male servants, camels, and donkeys.

Genesis 31:1 He heard Laban's sons say, "Jacob has taken everything our father owned, and from our father's wealth, he has gained all this wealth."
Genesis 31:2 Jacob saw that Laban's attitude toward him was not the same as before.
Genesis 31:3 God said to Jacob, "Go back to the land of your fathers and your relatives, and I will be with you."
Genesis 31:4 Jacob sent for Rachel and Leah to come to the field where his sheep were.
Genesis 31:5 He told them, "I can tell that your father doesn't look at me the same way as before; but my father's God has been with me."
Genesis 31:6 You know I have served your father with all my strength.
Genesis 31:7 Your father tricked me and changed my pay ten times, but God did not let him harm me.
Genesis 31:8 If he promised, "You will be paid with speckled animals," then all the animals were speckled. And if he promised, "Your pay will be the striped ones," then all the animals were striped.
Genesis 31:9 God has taken your father's animals and given them to me.
Genesis 31:10 When the cattle mated, I looked up and in my dream I saw that the male sheep jumping on the cattle had stripes, spots, and gray patches.
Genesis 31:11 The angel of God spoke to me in a dream and said, "Jacob." I answered, "I am here."
Genesis 31:12 He said, "Look up and see, all the male sheep mating with the flock are striped, spotted, and dark-colored, because I have seen everything that Laban is doing to you."
Genesis 31:13 I am the God of Bethel, where you poured oil on the stone and made a promise to me. Now get up, leave this land, and go back to the land of your relatives.
Genesis 31:14 Rachel and Leah replied, "Do we still have any share or inheritance in our father's home?"
Genesis 31:15 Doesn't he think of us as strangers? He sold us and has completely spent our money.
Genesis 31:16 All the wealth that God took from our father belongs to us and our children. So now, do whatever God has told you to do.
Genesis 31:17 Then Jacob got up, put his sons and wives on camels.
Genesis 31:18 He took all his animals and everything he owned, the livestock he had acquired in Paddan Aram, to go to his father Isaac in Canaan.
Genesis 31:19 Laban went to cut his sheep's wool, and Rachel took the idols that belonged to her father.
Genesis 31:20 Jacob left without telling Laban the Syrian, so Laban didn't know that he had run away.
Genesis 31:21 So he ran away with everything he owned; he got up, crossed the river, and headed for Mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:22 On the third day, Laban heard that Jacob had run away.
Genesis 31:23 He took his brothers with him and chased him for seven days; they caught up to him at Mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:24 God appeared to Laban the Syrian in a dream at night and told him, "Be careful not to say anything to Jacob, whether it's good or bad."
Genesis 31:25 Laban caught up with Jacob. Jacob had set up his tent on the hill, and Laban and his brothers camped on the hill of Gilead.
Genesis 31:26 Laban said to Jacob, "What have you done? You've left without telling me and taken my daughters as if they were captured by force."
Genesis 31:27 Why did you run away secretly and leave without telling me? If you had told me, I could have sent you off happily with music and songs, with drums and harps.
Genesis 31:28 You didn't let me kiss my sons and daughters goodbye? You acted foolishly by doing this.
Genesis 31:29 I have the power to harm you, but your father's God told me last night to be careful not to say anything good or bad to Jacob.
Genesis 31:30 And now, even though you really wanted to leave because you missed your father's home, why did you steal my gods?
Genesis 31:31 Jacob replied to Laban, "I was scared that you might forcefully take your daughters away from me."
Genesis 31:32 If you find your gods with anyone, that person should not survive. Let our relatives see what's yours with me and take it. Jacob did not know Rachel had taken them.
Genesis 31:33 Laban went into Jacob's tent, Leah's tent, and the two female servants' tents; but he didn't find them. Then he left Leah's tent and went into Rachel's tent.
Genesis 31:34 Rachel took the idols and put them in the camel's saddle, then she sat on them. Laban searched the whole tent but did not find them.
Genesis 31:35 She said to her father, "Please don't be upset that I can't get up in front of you; I'm having my period." He searched but didn't find the idols.
Genesis 31:36 Jacob was angry and argued with Laban. Jacob replied, "Laban, what have I done wrong? What is my sin that you have chased after me so eagerly?"
Genesis 31:37 Since you looked through all my things, what of your household items did you find? Put it here in front of my brothers and your brothers, so they can decide between us.
Genesis 31:38 I have been with you for twenty years; your female sheep and goats have not lost their babies, and I have not eaten the males of your flock.
Genesis 31:39 I didn't bring you animals killed by beasts; I covered the loss myself. Whether they were stolen during the day or night, you made me responsible.
Genesis 31:40 I was like this: In the daytime, drought drained me, and at night, frost; and I could not sleep.
Genesis 31:41 I have been in your house for twenty years; I worked for you fourteen years to marry your two daughters, and six years for your livestock; and you have changed my pay ten times.
Genesis 31:42 If my father's God, Abraham's God, and the one Isaac fears had not been with me, you would have sent me away with nothing. But God saw my troubles and my hard work, and he corrected you last night.
Genesis 31:43 Laban replied to Jacob, "These daughters are my daughters, these children are my children, these animals are my animals, and everything you see is mine. What can I do today for my daughters or for their children they have given birth to?"
Genesis 31:44 So come on, let's make an agreement, you and I, and it will serve as evidence between us.
Genesis 31:45 Jacob took a stone and set it up as a pillar.
Genesis 31:46 Jacob told his brothers, "Get some stones." So they gathered stones and built a pile. They ate there by the pile.
Genesis 31:47 Laban named it Jegarsahadutha, but Jacob named it Galeed.
Genesis 31:48 Laban said, "This pile of stones is a witness between us today. That's why it was named Galeed."
Genesis 31:49 And Mizpah; for he said, "May God watch over us when we are apart from each other."
Genesis 31:50 If you hurt my daughters, or if you marry other women besides my daughters, no one is with us; see, God is a witness between you and me.
Genesis 31:51 Laban said to Jacob, "Look at this pile of stones and look at this pillar that I've put between us.
Genesis 31:52 This pile of stones will be a witness, and this stone pillar will be a witness, that I will not go past this pile to hurt you, and you will not go past this pile and pillar to hurt me.
Genesis 31:53 God of Abraham and Nahor, the God of their father, decides between us. And Jacob promised, respecting his father Isaac.
Genesis 31:54 Jacob made a sacrifice on the mountain, invited his brothers to share a meal, and they ate and stayed overnight on the mountain.
Genesis 31:55 Early in the morning, Laban got up, kissed his sons and daughters, blessed them, and then he left and went back to his home.

Genesis 32:1 Jacob continued his journey, and God's angels met him.
Genesis 32:2 When Jacob saw them, he said, "This is God's group," and he named that place Mahanaim.
Genesis 32:3 Jacob sent messengers ahead of him to his brother Esau in Seir, the region of Edom.
Genesis 32:4 He told them, "Say this to my lord Esau: 'Your servant Jacob says, "I have lived with Laban and have remained there till now."'
Genesis 32:5 I have oxen, donkeys, sheep, male servants, and female servants. I've sent this message to tell you, hoping to win your favor.
Genesis 32:6 The messengers came back to Jacob and said, "We went to your brother Esau. He is coming to meet you and he has four hundred men with him."
Genesis 32:7 Jacob was very scared and worried, so he split the people with him, the sheep, cattle, and camels into two groups.
Genesis 32:8 He said, "If Esau attacks one group, the other group that is left can escape."
Genesis 32:9 Jacob said, "O God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac, God who told me to go back to my country and my family, and you will be good to me."
Genesis 32:10 I am not worthy of even the smallest kindnesses or truths you have shown to me, your servant; I crossed the Jordan River with only my stick, and now I have two groups.
Genesis 32:11 Please save me from my brother Esau. I am afraid he will attack me, along with the mothers and their children.
Genesis 32:12 You said, I will surely be good to you, and make your descendants as many as the sand of the sea, too many to count.
Genesis 32:13 He stayed there that night and chose some gifts from what he had for his brother Esau.
Genesis 32:14 Two hundred female goats, twenty male goats, two hundred female sheep, and twenty male sheep.
Genesis 32:15 Thirty nursing camels with their babies, forty cows, ten bulls, twenty female donkeys, and ten young donkeys.
Genesis 32:16 He gave the herds to his workers, each herd separate; and told them, "Go ahead of me and leave space between each herd."
Genesis 32:17 He instructed the lead group, "When you meet my brother Esau and he asks, 'Who do you belong to? Where are you going? Who owns all these animals ahead of you?'"
Genesis 32:18 Then you will say, "They belong to your servant Jacob; they are a gift for my lord Esau, and look, he is also coming behind us."
Genesis 32:19 He also told the second, the third, and all who followed with the herds, "This is how you should talk to Esau when you meet him."
Genesis 32:20 Also say, Look, your servant Jacob is coming after us. He thought, I can make peace with him by sending gifts ahead, and then I can meet him; maybe he will forgive me.
Genesis 32:21 The gift went ahead of him, and he spent that night in the camp.
Genesis 32:22 He got up that night, took his two wives, his two female servants, and his eleven sons, and crossed over the Jabbok river crossing.
Genesis 32:23 He took them and helped them cross the stream, then sent over everything he owned.
Genesis 32:24 Jacob was alone, and a man wrestled with him until dawn.
Genesis 32:25 When he saw he could not win against him, he touched the inside of his thigh; and Jacob's thigh was dislocated while he wrestled with him.
Genesis 32:26 He said, "Let me go, for it's almost morning." But he replied, "I won't let you go unless you bless me."
Genesis 32:27 He asked him, "What is your name?" He answered, "Jacob."
Genesis 32:28 He said, "Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel, because you have struggled with God and with people and have overcome."
Genesis 32:29 Jacob asked him, "Please tell me your name." He replied, "Why do you want to know my name?" And he blessed Jacob there.
Genesis 32:30 Jacob named the place Peniel because he saw God face to face and his life was saved.
Genesis 32:31 As he walked past Penuel, the sun came up, and he limped because of his thigh.
Genesis 32:32 So the Israelites do not eat the tendon attached to the hip socket to this day, because God touched the hip socket of Jacob at the tendon that shrank.

Genesis 33:1 Jacob looked and saw Esau coming with four hundred men. He split the children between Leah, Rachel, and the two servant women.
Genesis 33:2 He placed the servant women and their kids first, then Leah and her kids in the middle, and Rachel and Joseph last.
Genesis 33:3 He went ahead of them, bowed down to the ground seven times as he approached his brother.
Genesis 33:4 Esau ran to meet him, hugged him, cried on his shoulder, and kissed him; and they both cried.
Genesis 33:5 He looked up, saw the women and children, and asked, "Who are these with you?" He answered, "These are the children God has kindly given to me, your servant."
Genesis 33:6 The female servants and their children approached and bowed down.
Genesis 33:7 Leah and her children approached and bowed down. Then Joseph and Rachel came close and they also bowed down.
Genesis 33:8 He asked, "What's the purpose of all the animals I met?" And he replied, "They are to gain favor in your eyes."
Genesis 33:9 Esau said, "I have enough, my brother; keep what you have for yourself."
Genesis 33:10 Jacob said, "Please, if I have found favor with you, accept my gift from me. Seeing you is like seeing the face of God since you have accepted me."
Genesis 33:11 Please accept my gift to you; God has been good to me, and I have all I need. He insisted, and the other person accepted it.
Genesis 33:12 He said, "Let's start our trip, let's go, and I will lead you."
Genesis 33:13 He said to him, "You know the children are delicate, and the animals with young are with me. If anyone drives them too hard, even for one day, they will all die."
Genesis 33:14 Please, let my lord go ahead of his servant, and I will follow slowly at the pace of the cattle and children until I meet my lord in Seir.
Genesis 33:15 Esau said, "Can I leave some of my people with you?" But he answered, "Why do that? I just want to be on good terms with you."
Genesis 33:16 So Esau went back to Seir that day.
Genesis 33:17 Jacob traveled to Succoth, built a house for himself, and made shelters for his animals; that's why the place is named Succoth.
Genesis 33:18 Jacob arrived at Shalem, a city near Shechem in Canaan, after traveling from Padanaram and set up his tent outside the city.
Genesis 33:19 He bought a piece of land where he had pitched his tent from Hamor's descendants, the father of Shechem, for a hundred coins.
Genesis 33:20 He built an altar there and named it God of Israel.

Genesis 34:1 Dinah, Leah's daughter whom she had with Jacob, went out to meet the local girls.
Genesis 34:2 When Shechem, son of Hamor the Hivite and ruler of the land, saw her, he grabbed her, slept with her, and dishonored her.
Genesis 34:3 He felt a deep connection with Dinah, Jacob's daughter, loved her, and spoke gently to her.
Genesis 34:4 Shechem said to his father Hamor, "Get me this girl to be my wife."
Genesis 34:5 Jacob found out someone had mistreated his daughter Dinah. His sons were out in the fields with the livestock, so Jacob stayed quiet until they returned.
Genesis 34:6 Hamor, Shechem's father, went to talk to Jacob.
Genesis 34:7 Jacob's sons returned from the fields when they heard the news. They felt deeply hurt and very angry because someone did something very foolish in Israel by sleeping with Jacob's daughter, which should never have happened.
Genesis 34:8 Hamor spoke to them, saying, "My son Shechem deeply desires to marry your daughter. Please let her become his wife."
Genesis 34:9 Marry with us, give us your daughters, and take our daughters for yourselves.
Genesis 34:10 You will live with us, and the land will be open to you; live in it, trade in it, and own property in it.
Genesis 34:11 Shechem said to her father and brothers, "I hope you will favor me, and I will give whatever you ask of me."
Genesis 34:12 Ask for any amount of money or gifts for a dowry, and I will pay what you ask; but let me marry the young woman.
Genesis 34:13 Jacob's sons lied to Shechem and his father Hamor when they spoke because Shechem had disgraced their sister Dinah.
Genesis 34:14 They told them, "We can't do this and let our sister marry a man who is not circumcised; that would be shameful for us."
Genesis 34:15 We agree with this condition: if every man among you gets circumcised, like us.
Genesis 34:16 We will let you marry our daughters, and we will marry your daughters, and we will live with you, and we will become one group of people.
Genesis 34:17 But if you won't listen to us and agree to be circumcised, then we will take our daughter and leave.
Genesis 34:18 Hamor and his son Shechem liked what they heard.
Genesis 34:19 The young man did not hesitate to do it because he liked Jacob's daughter, and he was more respectable than everyone in his family.
Genesis 34:20 Hamor and his son Shechem went to the entrance of their city and talked with the men of their city, saying,
Genesis 34:21 These men are friendly towards us; so let them live in the land and do business there; the land is big enough for them; we can marry their daughters, and they can marry ours.
Genesis 34:22 The men will agree to live with us and become one people only if every male among us gets circumcised just like they are.
Genesis 34:23 Won't their animals, belongings, and all their beasts become ours? Just agree with them, and they will live with us.
Genesis 34:24 Everyone in the city listened to Hamor and his son Shechem, and every man was circumcised just as they were.
Genesis 34:25 On the third day, when they were in pain, Jacob's two sons, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brothers, each took a sword, attacked the city with courage, and killed all the men.
Genesis 34:26 They killed Hamor and his son Shechem with their swords, took Dinah from Shechem's house, and left.
Genesis 34:27 Jacob's sons attacked the dead men and looted the city because those men had dishonored their sister.
Genesis 34:28 They took their sheep, oxen, donkeys, and everything in the city and fields.
Genesis 34:29 They captured all their riches, children, and wives, and took everything in the house.
Genesis 34:30 Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, "You have caused me problems, making me look bad to the people here, the Canaanites and Perizzites. We are few in number; they will unite against me, attack, and wipe out me and my family."
Genesis 34:31 They asked, "Should he treat our sister like a prostitute?"

Genesis 35:1 God told Jacob, "Get up and go to Bethel to live. There, build an altar to God who showed Himself to you when you were running away from your brother Esau."
Genesis 35:2 Jacob told his family and everyone with him, "Get rid of the foreign gods you have, make yourselves clean, and change your clothes."
Genesis 35:3 Let's get up and go to Bethel. There I will build an altar to God, who helped me when I was in trouble and who has been with me wherever I have gone.
Genesis 35:4 They gave Jacob all the foreign gods they had and their earrings; Jacob buried them under the oak near Shechem.
Genesis 35:5 They traveled, and God's terror was on the surrounding cities, so they did not chase Jacob's sons.
Genesis 35:6 Jacob arrived at Luz, in Canaan, also known as Bethel, with everyone who was with him.
Genesis 35:7 He made an altar there and named the place Elbethel, because God had shown himself to him as he was running from his brother.
Genesis 35:8 Rebekah's caregiver Deborah died and they buried her under an oak tree near Bethel. They named the place "Oak of Weeping."
Genesis 35:9 God showed Himself to Jacob again after he left Padanaram and blessed him.
Genesis 35:10 God said to him, "Your name is Jacob. Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel will be your name." And he named him Israel.
Genesis 35:11 God told him, "I am God Almighty: have many children and grow into a nation and many nations will come from you, and you will have kings among your descendants."
Genesis 35:12 I will give you and your descendants the land I gave to Abraham and Isaac.
Genesis 35:13 God left him at the place where he had spoken with him.
Genesis 35:14 Jacob put up a stone pillar where he had talked with God. He poured out a drink offering on it, and also poured oil on it.
Genesis 35:15 Jacob named the place where God spoke with him Bethel.
Genesis 35:16 They left Bethel, and were not far from Ephrath when Rachel started to give birth, and it was difficult.
Genesis 35:17 When she was giving birth with difficulty, the midwife told her, "Don't be afraid; you will have another son too."
Genesis 35:18 As she was dying, she named her son Benoni, but his father named him Benjamin.
Genesis 35:19 Rachel died and was buried on the road to Ephrath, now called Bethlehem.
Genesis 35:20 Jacob put up a stone marker on her burial site; this is Rachel's grave marker to this day.
Genesis 35:21 Israel traveled and set up his tent past the Tower of Edar.
Genesis 35:22 When Israel lived in that land, Reuben slept with Bilhah, his father's partner, and Israel found out. Jacob had twelve sons.
Genesis 35:23 Leah's sons: Reuben, Jacob's first son, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun.
Genesis 35:24 Rachel's sons are Joseph and Benjamin.
Genesis 35:25 Bilhah, Rachel's servant, had two sons: Dan and Naphtali.
Genesis 35:26 Zilpah, Leah's servant, had two sons with Jacob: Gad and Asher. They were born to Jacob in Padanaram.
Genesis 35:27 Jacob went to his father Isaac in Mamre, to the town of Arbah, now called Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac had lived.
Genesis 35:28 Isaac lived for 180 years.
Genesis 35:29 Isaac passed away, died, and joined his ancestors, being very old: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.

Genesis 36:1 These are the descendants of Esau, also known as Edom.
Genesis 36:2 Esau married Canaanite women: Adah, daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah, granddaughter of Zibeon the Hivite through her father Anah.
Genesis 36:3 Bashemath, Ishmael's daughter and Nebajoth's sister.
Genesis 36:4 Adah had Eliphaz for Esau; and Bashemath had Reuel.
Genesis 36:5 Aholibamah had three sons named Jeush, Jaalam, and Korah. These were Esau's sons, born to him in Canaan.
Genesis 36:6 Esau took his wives, sons, daughters, everyone in his house, his livestock, all his animals, and all his belongings, which he had in Canaan, and moved to another place, away from his brother Jacob.
Genesis 36:7 Their wealth was too much for them to live together; the land where they were outsiders could not support them because of their livestock.
Genesis 36:8 Esau lived in the Mount Seir area; Esau is also known as Edom.
Genesis 36:9 These are the descendants of Esau, who was the ancestor of the Edomites in Mount Seir.
Genesis 36:10 These are the names of Esau's sons: Eliphaz, son of Adah, Esau's wife, and Reuel, son of Bashemath, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:11 Eliphaz's sons were Teman, Omar, Zepho, Gatam, and Kenaz.
Genesis 36:12 Timna was a secondary wife to Eliphaz, Esau's son, and she gave birth to Amalek for Eliphaz. These were the sons of Adah, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:13 Reuel's sons were Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah. These were the sons of Bashemath, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:14 Aholibamah, daughter of Anah and granddaughter of Zibeon, was Esau's wife. She had three sons for Esau: Jeush, Jaalam, and Korah.
Genesis 36:15 These were chiefs of Esau's sons: Eliphaz's sons, Esau's first son; Chief Teman, Chief Omar, Chief Zepho, Chief Kenaz.
Genesis 36:16 Chief Korah, Chief Gatam, and Chief Amalek: these are the chiefs from Eliphaz in Edom; these were Adah's sons.
Genesis 36:17 These are the sons of Reuel, Esau's son: Chief Nahath, Chief Zerah, Chief Shammah, Chief Mizzah. These are the chiefs from Reuel in Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:18 These are the sons of Esau's wife Aholibamah: leaders Jeush, Jaalam, and Korah. These leaders were Aholibamah's sons, who was Anah's daughter and Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:19 These are Esau's sons, who is also known as Edom, and these are their chiefs.
Genesis 36:20 These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who lived in the land: Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, and Anah.
Genesis 36:21 Dishon, Ezer, and Dishan were chiefs of the Horites, Seir's descendants in Edom.
Genesis 36:22 Lotan's children were Hori and Hemam; Lotan's sister was Timna.
Genesis 36:23 Shobal's children were Alvan, Manahath, Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Genesis 36:24 These are Zibeon's children: Ajah and Anah. Anah is the one who found the mules in the desert while taking care of his father Zibeon's donkeys.
Genesis 36:25 Anah's children were Dishon and his daughter Aholibamah.
Genesis 36:26 These are Dishon's children: Hemdan, Eshban, Ithran, and Cheran.
Genesis 36:27 Ezer's children are Bilhan, Zaavan, and Akan.
Genesis 36:28 Dishan's children are Uz and Aran.
Genesis 36:29 These are the chiefs from the Horites: Chief Lotan, Chief Shobal, Chief Zibeon, Chief Anah.
Genesis 36:30 Chief Dishon, chief Ezer, chief Dishan: these are the chiefs from the family of Hori, among the chiefs in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36:31 These are the kings who ruled in Edom before any king ruled the Israelites.
Genesis 36:32 Bela, Beor's son, became king in Edom, and his city was called Dinhabah.
Genesis 36:33 Bela died, and Jobab, Zerah's son from Bozrah, became king after him.
Genesis 36:34 Jobab died, and Husham from the land of Temani became king after him.
Genesis 36:35 Husham died, and then Hadad, son of Bedad who defeated Midian in Moab's field, became king. His city was called Avith.
Genesis 36:36 Hadad died, and Samlah from Masrekah became king after him.
Genesis 36:37 Samlah died, and Saul from Rehoboth near the river became king after him.
Genesis 36:38 Saul died, and Baalhanan, Achbor's son, became king after him.
Genesis 36:39 Baalhanan, Achbor's son, died, and Hadar became king after him. His city was called Pau, and his wife was Mehetabel, Matred's daughter and Mezahab's granddaughter.
Genesis 36:40 Here are the names of the leaders from Esau's family, organized by their groups and places: Leader Timnah, Leader Alvah, Leader Jetheth.
Genesis 36:41 Duke Aholibamah, Duke Elah, Duke Pinon,
Genesis 36:42 Duke Kenaz, Duke Teman, Duke Mibzar,
Genesis 36:43 Chief Magdiel, chief Iram: these are the chiefs of Edom, living in the land they own: he is Esau, the ancestor of the Edomites.

Genesis 37:1 Jacob lived in the land where his father had been a foreigner, in Canaan.
Genesis 37:2 This lists Jacob's family. Seventeen-year-old Joseph was tending sheep with his brothers, the sons of Bilhah and Zilpah, his father's wives. He told his father about the bad things they were doing.
Genesis 37:3 Israel loved Joseph more than his other children because Joseph was born when Israel was already old, and he gave Joseph a colorful coat.
Genesis 37:4 When his brothers saw that their father loved him more than them, they hated him and could not speak kindly to him.
Genesis 37:5 Joseph had a dream and shared it with his brothers, which made them hate him even more.
Genesis 37:6 He said to them, "Please listen to this dream I had."
Genesis 37:7 Look, we were tying up bundles of grain in the field when suddenly my bundle stood up straight. Then your bundles gathered around and bowed to mine.
Genesis 37:8 His brothers asked him, "Will you really rule over us? Will you actually be our boss?" They disliked him even more because of his dreams and what he said.
Genesis 37:9 He had another dream and shared it with his brothers, saying, "Look, I dreamed again; the sun, the moon, and eleven stars bowed down to me."
Genesis 37:10 He told his father and brothers, and his father scolded him, saying, "What kind of dream did you have? Will your mother, brothers and I actually come to bow down to you on the ground?"
Genesis 37:11 His brothers were jealous of him, but his father paid attention to what was said.
Genesis 37:12 His brothers went to graze their father's sheep in Shechem.
Genesis 37:13 Israel said to Joseph, "Aren't your brothers pasturing the sheep in Shechem? Come, I'll send you to them." And he replied, "I'm here."
Genesis 37:14 He told him, "Please go and check if your brothers and the flocks are okay; then come back and tell me." So he sent him from the Hebron valley, and he went to Shechem.
Genesis 37:15 A man found him lost in the field and asked, "What are you looking for?"
Genesis 37:16 He said, "I'm looking for my brothers. Please tell me where they are taking care of their sheep."
Genesis 37:17 The man said, "They left this place; I heard them plan to go to Dothan." So Joseph followed his brothers and found them in Dothan.
Genesis 37:18 When they saw him from far away, before he got close to them, they planned together to kill him.
Genesis 37:19 They said to each other, "Look, here comes the dreamer."
Genesis 37:20 Let's go now, kill him, throw him into a pit, and say a wild animal ate him. Then we'll see what happens to his dreams.
Genesis 37:21 Reuben heard them and saved him from their hands, saying, Let's not kill him.
Genesis 37:22 Reuben told them, "Don't kill him. Just throw him into this pit in the desert, but don't hurt him." He planned to save him from them and return him to his father.
Genesis 37:23 When Joseph reached his brothers, they took off his colorful coat that he was wearing.
Genesis 37:24 They grabbed him and threw him into a hole. The hole was empty without any water in it.
Genesis 37:25 They sat down to eat bread, and when they looked up, they saw a group of Ishmaelites coming from Gilead with their camels carrying spices, balm, and myrrh to take to Egypt.
Genesis 37:26 Judah asked his brothers, "What do we gain if we kill our brother and hide his blood?"
Genesis 37:27 Come, let's sell him to the Ishmaelites and not hurt him; he is our brother, our own flesh. And his brothers agreed.
Genesis 37:28 Some Midianite traders passed by; they pulled Joseph out of the hole and sold him to the Ishmaelites for twenty silver coins, and they took Joseph to Egypt.
Genesis 37:29 Reuben went back to the pit and saw that Joseph was not there, so he tore his clothes.
Genesis 37:30 He went back to his brothers and said, "The boy is gone; where can I go now?"
Genesis 37:31 They took Joseph's coat, killed a young goat, and dipped the coat in the blood.
Genesis 37:32 They sent the colorful coat and took it to their father, saying, "We found this. See if it's your son's coat or not."
Genesis 37:33 He recognized it and said, "This is my son's coat; a wild animal must have eaten him. Joseph has surely been torn apart."
Genesis 37:34 Jacob tore his clothes, wore rough fabric around his waist, and grieved for his son for many days.
Genesis 37:35 All his sons and daughters tried to comfort him, but he wouldn't be comforted and said, "I will mourn for my son until I die." So he cried for his son.
Genesis 37:36 The Midianites sold him to Potiphar in Egypt, who was an official of the king and the captain of the guard.

Genesis 38:1 At that time, Judah left his brothers and stayed with a man from Adullam named Hirah.
Genesis 38:2 Judah saw a Canaanite man's daughter named Shuah; he married her and slept with her.
Genesis 38:3 She became pregnant, gave birth to a son, and he named him Er.
Genesis 38:4 She became pregnant again and had a son; she named him Onan.
Genesis 38:5 She became pregnant again and had a son. She named him Shelah. She was in Chezib when she gave birth to him.
Genesis 38:6 Judah found a wife for his oldest son Er, whose name was Tamar.
Genesis 38:7 Er, Judah's eldest son, was evil in God's eyes, and God killed him.
Genesis 38:8 Judah said to Onan, "Sleep with your brother's wife, marry her, and have children for your brother."
Genesis 38:9 Onan knew the child would not be his; so when he slept with his brother's wife, he wasted his seed on the ground, to avoid giving a child to his brother.
Genesis 38:10 What he did upset God, so God also took his life.
Genesis 38:11 Judah told Tamar, his daughter-in-law, "Stay a widow at your father's house until my son Shelah grows up." He thought Shelah might die like his brothers. So Tamar went to live in her father's house.
Genesis 38:12 After some time, Judah's wife, the daughter of Shuah, died. Judah felt better and went to see his sheep shearers in Timnath with his friend Hirah, from Adullam.
Genesis 38:13 Someone told Tamar, "Look, your father-in-law is going to Timnath to cut his sheep's wool."
Genesis 38:14 She took off her widow's clothes, covered herself with a veil, wrapped up, and sat down in an open area on the road to Timnath; because she realized that Shelah had grown up and she hadn't been given to him as his wife.
Genesis 38:15 When Judah saw her, he thought she was a prostitute because she had covered her face.
Genesis 38:16 On the road, he turned to her and said, "Please let me sleep with you." (He didn't know she was his daughter-in-law.) And she asked, "What will you give me to sleep with me?"
Genesis 38:17 He said, "I will send you a young goat from the herd." She asked, "Will you give me something to keep until you send it?"
Genesis 38:18 He asked, "What should I give you as a promise?" She replied, "Your seal ring, your arm bands, and your walking stick that you have with you." So he gave them to her, slept with her, and she became pregnant by him.
Genesis 38:19 She got up, left, took off her veil, and dressed in her widow's clothes.
Genesis 38:20 Judah sent the young goat with his friend from Adullam to get his collateral back from the woman, but he could not find her.
Genesis 38:21 He asked the people there, "Where is the prostitute who was out in the open by the road?" But they said, "There is no prostitute here."
Genesis 38:22 He went back to Judah and said, "I can't find her; and the local men said there was no prostitute here."
Genesis 38:23 Judah said, "Let her keep it so we won't be embarrassed. Look, I sent the young goat, but you didn't find her."
Genesis 38:24 Three months later, someone told Judah, "Your daughter-in-law Tamar has acted like a prostitute, and now she's pregnant because of it." Judah said, "Bring her out and let her be burned."
Genesis 38:25 When she was brought out, she sent a message to her father-in-law, saying, "I am pregnant by the man who owns these things." And she asked, "Please, look and see who these belong to—the signet, bracelets, and staff."
Genesis 38:26 Judah recognized them and said, "She has been more right than I, because I did not give her to my son Shelah." He did not sleep with her again.
Genesis 38:27 During her labor, she discovered she was having twins.
Genesis 38:28 When she was giving birth, one baby reached out his hand, and the midwife tied a red string around it, saying, "This one came out first."
Genesis 38:29 As he pulled back his hand, his brother came out. She asked, "How did you come out first?" So he was named Pharez.
Genesis 38:30 Later, his brother came out, the one with the red string on his hand; they named him Zarah.

Genesis 39:1 Joseph was taken to Egypt; Potiphar, an Egyptian officer of Pharaoh and captain of the guard, bought him from the Ishmaelites who had brought him there.
Genesis 39:2 God was with Joseph, and he succeeded in everything; he lived in his Egyptian master's house.
Genesis 39:3 His master noticed that God was with him and that God made everything he did successful.
Genesis 39:4 Joseph won his favor and worked for him. He put him in charge of his house and everything he owned was given to him to look after.
Genesis 39:5 From the time he became the manager of the house and everything in it, God blessed the Egyptian's home because of Joseph; everything he owned, both in the home and in the fields, was blessed by God.
Genesis 39:6 He trusted Joseph with everything he had and didn't worry about anything except the food he ate. Joseph was handsome and well-liked.
Genesis 39:7 After some time, his master's wife noticed Joseph and said, "Sleep with me."
Genesis 39:8 But he refused and told his master's wife, "Look, my master doesn't know what I have in the house, and he has entrusted everything he owns to me."
Genesis 39:9 No one in this house is greater than me; he has kept nothing from me except you, because you are his wife. How can I then do such a terrible wrong and sin against God?
Genesis 39:10 As she talked to Joseph every day, he did not listen to her or agree to sleep with her or spend time with her.
Genesis 39:11 Around that time, Joseph entered the house to do his work, and none of the men of the house were inside.
Genesis 39:12 She grabbed his clothes and said, "Sleep with me," but he left his clothes in her hand and ran away.
Genesis 39:13 When she saw he had left his clothes with her and ran away,
Genesis 39:14 She called to the men of her house and said to them, "Look, he has brought a Hebrew here to make fun of us. He came to me to sleep with me, but I screamed loudly."
Genesis 39:15 When he heard me raise my voice and cry out, he left his clothes with me and ran away.
Genesis 39:16 She kept his clothing with her until her husband came home.
Genesis 39:17 She said to him, "The Hebrew servant you brought here came to make fun of me."
Genesis 39:18 As I raised my voice and screamed, he left his clothes with me and ran away.
Genesis 39:19 When his master heard what his wife said, "This is how your servant treated me," he became very angry.
Genesis 39:20 Joseph's boss arrested him and put him in the jail where the king's prisoners were kept, and he stayed in the jail.
Genesis 39:21 God was with Joseph, showed him kindness, and made the prison guard like him.
Genesis 39:22 The prison guard put Joseph in charge of all the prisoners; whatever was done there, Joseph did it.
Genesis 39:23 The prison guard did not worry about anything in his care; because God was with Joseph, and God made everything Joseph did successful.

Genesis 40:1 After these events, the Egyptian king's cupbearer and baker upset their king.
Genesis 40:2 The king was very angry with two of his officials, the head of the cupbearers and the head of the bakers.
Genesis 40:3 He put them in jail at the guard captain's house, where Joseph was held.
Genesis 40:4 The guard captain put Joseph in charge of them, and he took care of them. They stayed there for some time.
Genesis 40:5 Both the king's cupbearer and the baker, who were in prison, had a dream on the same night, and each dream had its own meaning.
Genesis 40:6 Joseph came to them in the morning, saw them, and noticed they were sad.
Genesis 40:7 He asked Pharaoh's officials who were with him in his master's prison, "Why do you look so unhappy today?"
Genesis 40:8 They told him, "We had a dream, but no one can explain it." Joseph said to them, "Doesn't God give meanings to dreams? Please share them with me."
Genesis 40:9 The head servant told his dream to Joseph and said, "In my dream, I saw a grapevine in front of me.
Genesis 40:10 The vine had three branches. It looked like it was budding, its flowers bloomed, and its bunches of grapes ripened.
Genesis 40:11 I held Pharaoh's cup and squashed the grapes into it, then I handed the cup to Pharaoh.
Genesis 40:12 Joseph told him, "This is what it means: the three branches represent three days."
Genesis 40:13 In three days, Pharaoh will free you and give you back your job. Then you will serve Pharaoh his drink like you did before when you were his cupbearer.
Genesis 40:14 Please remember me when things go well for you, and be kind to me. Ask Pharaoh to free me from this prison.
Genesis 40:15 I was indeed kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and I have done nothing here to deserve being thrown into a dungeon.
Genesis 40:16 When the head baker saw that the dream reading was good, he told Joseph, "I was also in my dream, and look, I had three white baskets on my head."
Genesis 40:17 In the top basket, there were all kinds of baked goods for the king, and birds ate them from the basket on my head.
Genesis 40:18 Joseph replied, "This is what it means: The three baskets represent three days."
Genesis 40:19 In three days, the king will remove your head and hang you on a tree; the birds will eat your flesh.
Genesis 40:20 On the third day, Pharaoh's birthday, he threw a party for all his workers and honored his main cupbearer and baker in front of them.
Genesis 40:21 He gave the chief butler his job back, and he handed the cup to the Pharaoh.
Genesis 40:22 He executed the chief baker, just as Joseph had explained to them.
Genesis 40:23 The head servant did not remember Joseph; he forgot him.

Genesis 41:1 After two whole years, Pharaoh had a dream: he was standing by the river.
Genesis 41:2 Look, seven healthy and fat cows came out of the river and they ate in a grassy field.
Genesis 41:3 Then seven other skinny and ugly cows came up from the river and stood next to the first cows by the riverbank.
Genesis 41:4 The skinny and ugly cows ate the seven healthy and fat cows. Then Pharaoh woke up.
Genesis 41:5 He slept again and had another dream: seven healthy and full ears of corn grew on one stalk.
Genesis 41:6 Look, seven skinny ears of grain, damaged by the east wind, grew up after them.
Genesis 41:7 The seven skinny heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full heads. Then Pharaoh woke up and realized it was a dream.
Genesis 41:8 In the morning, he was worried, so he called all of Egypt's magicians and wise men. Pharaoh shared his dream with them, but no one could explain it to him.
Genesis 41:9 The head servant spoke to the king and said, "Today, I remember what I did wrong."
Genesis 41:10 The king was angry with his servants and locked me up in the guard captain's house, me and the head baker.
Genesis 41:11 We both had a dream on the same night, me and him; each of our dreams meant something different.
Genesis 41:12 A young Hebrew man, who worked for the guard's commander, was with us. We shared our dreams with him, and he explained what each dream meant for each person.
Genesis 41:13 Just as he explained to us, it happened: he returned me to my job, and he hanged the other man.
Genesis 41:14 Then Pharaoh sent for Joseph, who was quickly brought out of the prison. He shaved, put on new clothes, and went to Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:15 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I had a dream and no one can explain it. But I've heard that you can understand and explain dreams."
Genesis 41:16 Joseph said to Pharaoh, "I don't have the power. God will give Pharaoh a peaceful answer."
Genesis 41:17 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "In my dream, I was standing by the river."
Genesis 41:18 Look, seven healthy and good-looking cows came up from the river and grazed in the grassland.
Genesis 41:19 Then seven other cows came up after them, thin, very ugly, and skinny, such as I have never seen in all of Egypt because they were so bad.
Genesis 41:20 The skinny and sickly cows ate up the first seven healthy cows.
Genesis 41:21 After they ate them, you couldn't tell they had eaten; they still looked bad as before. Then I woke up.
Genesis 41:22 I had a dream where seven healthy and full ears of grain grew on a single stalk.
Genesis 41:23 Look, seven thin and dried up ears of grain, damaged by the east wind, grew after the others.
Genesis 41:24 The skinny ears of grain swallowed up the seven healthy ears, and I explained this to the magicians, but no one could tell me what it meant.
Genesis 41:25 Joseph said to Pharaoh, "Pharaoh's dream means the same thing: God has shown Pharaoh what He will do."
Genesis 41:26 The seven good cows are seven years; and the seven good heads of grain are seven years: the dream is the same.
Genesis 41:27 The seven skinny and bad-looking cows that followed are seven years, and the seven thin ears of grain ruined by the east wind will be seven years of hunger.
Genesis 41:28 This is what I told Pharaoh: God is showing Pharaoh what he is going to do.
Genesis 41:29 Look, seven years of great abundance will come to the whole land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:30 After those seven good years, seven years of hunger will follow. All the abundance in Egypt will be forgotten, and the hunger will destroy the land.
Genesis 41:31 The abundance will not be noticed in the land because of the coming famine; it will be very severe.
Genesis 41:32 The dream came to Pharaoh two times because God has decided it will happen soon.
Genesis 41:33 So now, Pharaoh should choose a smart and wise man to be in charge of Egypt.
Genesis 41:34 Pharaoh should do this: he should choose leaders for the land and collect one-fifth of Egypt's crops during the seven good years.
Genesis 41:35 Let them collect all the food from the good years that are coming, and store grain under Pharaoh's control, and keep food in the cities.
Genesis 41:36 That food will be kept to supply the land during the seven years of famine that will happen in Egypt, so the land won't be destroyed by the famine.
Genesis 41:37 Pharaoh and all his servants thought the idea was good.
Genesis 41:38 Pharaoh asked his servants, "Can we find anyone like this man who has the Spirit of God in him?"
Genesis 41:39 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Since God has shown you all this, no one is as smart and wise as you are."
Genesis 41:40 You will be in charge of my house, and all my people will follow your commands; only I will have more power than you because of my throne.
Genesis 41:41 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Look, I have made you the ruler over all of Egypt."
Genesis 41:42 The king took his ring off his hand, gave it to Joseph, dressed him in fine linen clothes, and put a gold necklace around his neck.
Genesis 41:43 He let him ride in his second chariot, and as he went, people shouted, "Bow down!" He appointed him to rule over all of Egypt.
Genesis 41:44 Pharaoh told Joseph, "I am Pharaoh, and no one in Egypt will do anything without your permission."
Genesis 41:45 Pharaoh named Joseph Zaphnathpaaneah and gave him Asenath, the daughter of Potipherah, the priest of On, as his wife. Joseph traveled all through Egypt.
Genesis 41:46 Joseph was thirty when he appeared before Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. He left Pharaoh's presence and traveled all over Egypt.
Genesis 41:47 During the seven good years, the earth produced lots of food.
Genesis 41:48 He collected all the food from the seven years in Egypt and stored it in the cities. He put the food from the fields around each city in that city.
Genesis 41:49 Joseph collected so much grain like the sand of the sea that he stopped keeping track because it was too much to count.
Genesis 41:50 Joseph had two sons before the famine started. Asenath, Potipherah the priest of On's daughter, was their mother.
Genesis 41:51 Joseph named his first son Manasseh because, he said, God has made me forget all my hard work and my family back home.
Genesis 41:52 He named the second one Ephraim, saying, "God has made me fruitful in the land where I suffered."
Genesis 41:53 The seven plentiful years in Egypt came to an end.
Genesis 41:54 The seven years of famine started, just as Joseph had said, and the famine was in every country, but in Egypt, there was still food.
Genesis 41:55 When Egypt was very hungry, the people begged the king for food. The king told the Egyptians, "Go to Joseph; do whatever he tells you."
Genesis 41:56 There was a famine everywhere on earth; Joseph opened all the storehouses and sold food to the Egyptians; and the famine became very severe in Egypt.
Genesis 41:57 People from every country went to Egypt to buy grain from Joseph because the famine was very severe everywhere.

Genesis 42:1 When Jacob learned that there was grain in Egypt, he asked his sons, "Why are you just standing around looking at each other?"
Genesis 42:2 He said, "Look, I've heard there's grain in Egypt. Go there and buy some for us, so we can survive and not die."
Genesis 42:3 Joseph's ten brothers went to Egypt to buy grain.
Genesis 42:4 Jacob did not send Joseph's brother Benjamin with his other sons, because he feared something bad might happen to him.
Genesis 42:5 The Israelites also came to buy grain because there was a famine in Canaan.
Genesis 42:6 Joseph was the ruler of the land, and he was the one who sold grain to everyone there. When Joseph's brothers arrived, they bowed down to him with their faces to the ground.
Genesis 42:7 Joseph saw his brothers and recognized them, but he acted like a stranger towards them and spoke harshly to them. He asked them, "Where do you come from?" And they replied, "We come from the land of Canaan to buy food."
Genesis 42:8 Joseph recognized his brothers, but they did not recognize him.
Genesis 42:9 Joseph remembered his dreams about them and said to them, "You are spies; you have come to find out about our weak spots."
Genesis 42:10 They said to him, "No, sir, we have come to buy food."
Genesis 42:11 We are all sons of one man; we are honest men, your servants are not spies.
Genesis 42:12 He told them, "No, you have come to see the bareness of the land."
Genesis 42:13 They said, "We are twelve brothers, sons of one man in Canaan. The youngest is with our father today, and one is gone."
Genesis 42:14 Joseph said to them, "This is what I meant when I told you, 'You are spies.'"
Genesis 42:15 This will test you: You will not leave here unless your youngest brother comes.
Genesis 42:16 Choose one of you to go get your brother, and the rest will stay in jail. This will test if you're telling the truth. If not, as sure as Pharaoh lives, you must be spies.
Genesis 42:17 He kept them all together in prison for three days.
Genesis 42:18 On the third day, Joseph said to them, "Do this and you will live, because I respect God."
Genesis 42:19 If you are honest men, have one of your brothers stay tied up in your prison, and the rest of you go bring grain for the hunger in your homes.
Genesis 42:20 Bring your younger brother to me; then I'll know you're telling the truth and you won't die. And they did it.
Genesis 42:21 They said to each other, "We are truly guilty about our brother because we saw his deep distress when he pleaded with us, and we didn't listen. That's why this trouble has come to us."
Genesis 42:22 Reuben replied, "Didn't I tell you not to harm the boy? But you wouldn't listen. Now we must answer for his blood."
Genesis 42:23 They did not know that Joseph could understand them, because he was speaking to them through an interpreter.
Genesis 42:24 He turned away from them and cried. Then he went back, talked with them, took Simeon, and tied him up while they watched.
Genesis 42:25 Joseph told them to fill their bags with grain, put each man's money back in his bag, and give them food for their journey. And so he did for them.
Genesis 42:26 They loaded their donkeys with the grain and left that place.
Genesis 42:27 When one of them opened his bag to feed his donkey at the inn, he saw his money; it was right on top inside his bag.
Genesis 42:28 He told his brothers, "My money is back, and look, it's in my bag." Their hearts sank, and they were scared, saying to each other, "What has God done to us?"
Genesis 42:29 They went to their father Jacob in Canaan and told him everything that happened to them, saying,
Genesis 42:30 The man, who rules the land, spoke to us harshly and thought we were spies.
Genesis 42:31 We told him, "We are honest people; we are not spies."
Genesis 42:32 We are twelve brothers, sons of our father. One is gone, and the youngest is with our father in Canaan today.
Genesis 42:33 The man, the leader of the land, told us, "I will know you are honest men if you leave one of your brothers with me. Take food for your families to survive the hunger and then leave."
Genesis 42:34 Bring your youngest brother to me, so I can know you're not spies but honest men. Then, I will release your brother, and you can trade in the land.
Genesis 42:35 When they emptied their bags, they found that each man's money was in his bag. When they and their father saw the money, they were scared.
Genesis 42:36 Jacob their father said to them, "You have left me without my children: Joseph is gone, Simeon is gone, and now you want to take Benjamin: everything is against me."
Genesis 42:37 Reuben said to his father, "Kill my two sons if I don't bring him back to you. Trust me with him, and I'll return him to you."
Genesis 42:38 He said, "My son won't go with you because his brother is dead, and he's the only one left. If he gets hurt on your journey, you will make me so sad that I will die."

Genesis 43:1 The food shortage was very bad in the country.
Genesis 43:2 After they finished the grain they brought from Egypt, their father told them, "Go, buy us some more food."
Genesis 43:3 Judah said to him, "The man strongly warned us, 'You won't see me unless your brother is with you.'"
Genesis 43:4 If you let our brother go with us, we will go down and buy you food.
Genesis 43:5 If you won't send him, we won't go, because the man told us, "You won't see me unless your brother is with you."
Genesis 43:6 Israel asked, "Why did you treat me badly by telling the man you have another brother?"
Genesis 43:7 They said, the man asked us carefully about our situation and family, asking, "Is your father still alive? Do you have another brother?" We answered him just as he asked. How could we know he would tell us to bring our brother?
Genesis 43:8 Judah said to his father Israel, "Send the boy with me, and we will get up and go, so we can live and not die, both us and you, and our children too."
Genesis 43:9 I will guarantee his safety; you can hold me responsible. If I don't bring him back to you, I will take the blame forever.
Genesis 43:10 If we hadn't waited, we would have come back again by now.
Genesis 43:11 Israel, their father, said to them, "If it has to be this way, then do this: take some of the best produce from the land in your containers and bring the man a gift—some balm, a little honey, spices, myrrh, nuts, and almonds."
Genesis 43:12 Bring twice the amount of money with you, and also take back the money that was returned in your bags; maybe it was a mistake.
Genesis 43:13 Bring your brother too, and go back to the man.
Genesis 43:14 May God give you kindness in the man's eyes so he will release your other brother and Benjamin. If I lose my children, then I lose them.
Genesis 43:15 The men took the gift, brought twice the amount of money, and took Benjamin. They went to Egypt and appeared before Joseph.
Genesis 43:16 When Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to his house manager, "Take these men to my house, prepare a meal; they will eat with me at noon."
Genesis 43:17 The man did what Joseph told him to do, and he took the men into Joseph's house.
Genesis 43:18 The men were scared because they were taken to Joseph's house. They thought, "We are brought here because the money we found in our bags before. He might use this as a reason to attack us, to make us his slaves, and to take our donkeys."
Genesis 43:19 They approached Joseph's house manager and talked with him at the house entrance.
Genesis 43:20 And said, "Sir, we truly came down the first time to buy food."
Genesis 43:21 When we arrived at the place to stay, we opened our bags and saw that each of us had our money in the top of our bag, the full amount. So we have brought it back with us.
Genesis 43:22 We have brought more money in our hands to buy food. We don't know who put our money in our bags.
Genesis 43:23 He said, "Peace to you, don't be afraid. Your God, the God of your father, has put treasure in your bags. I received your money." Then he brought Simeon out to them.
Genesis 43:24 The man took the men to Joseph's house, gave them water to wash their feet, and fed their donkeys.
Genesis 43:25 They prepared the gift for Joseph before he arrived at noon because they heard they would eat there.
Genesis 43:26 When Joseph got home, they gave him the gift they had with them in the house, and they bowed down to him to the ground.
Genesis 43:27 He asked how they were doing and said, "Is your father, the old man you talked about, doing well? Is he still alive?"
Genesis 43:28 They replied, "Our father, your servant, is well and still alive." They bowed their heads and showed respect.
Genesis 43:29 He looked up, saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's child, and asked, "Is this your younger brother that you told me about?" Then he said, "May God be kind to you, my son."
Genesis 43:30 Joseph hurried because he felt a deep longing for his brother and looked for a place to cry. He went into his room and cried there.
Genesis 43:31 He washed his face, went outside, held back his tears, and said, "Serve the bread."
Genesis 43:32 They arranged a separate table for him, another for themselves, and another for the Egyptians who ate with him; because Egyptians cannot eat with Hebrews, as it is disgusting to them.
Genesis 43:33 They sat in front of him, the oldest by his birth order and the youngest by his age; and the men were amazed by each other.
Genesis 43:34 He took portions from his table and sent them to them, but Benjamin's portion was five times larger than any of the others. They drank and enjoyed themselves with him.

Genesis 44:1 He told his house manager, "Put as much food as they can carry in the men's bags and return each man's money to his bag."
Genesis 44:2 Put my silver cup in the youngest one's bag, along with the money for his grain. And he did as Joseph said.
Genesis 44:3 When morning came, the men and their donkeys were sent off.
Genesis 44:4 After they left the city and were not too far away, Joseph told his servant, "Go, chase the men; and when you catch them, ask them, 'Why have you repaid good with evil?'"
Genesis 44:5 Isn't this the cup my master drinks from and uses for finding out the future? You have done wrong by taking it.
Genesis 44:6 He caught up with them and said these exact words to them.
Genesis 44:7 They asked him, "Why does my master say these things? May God prevent us from doing such a thing."
Genesis 44:8 Look, we brought back to you the money we found in our bags from the land of Canaan. Why would we steal silver or gold from your master's house?
Genesis 44:9 If any of your servants has it, they must die, and the rest of us will become your slaves.
Genesis 44:10 He said, "Now, let it happen as you say: the one who has it will become my servant, and the rest of you will be innocent."
Genesis 44:11 They quickly put their sacks on the ground and each opened his own sack.
Genesis 44:12 He searched, starting with the oldest, and ending with the youngest, and the cup was found in Benjamin's bag.
Genesis 44:13 They tore their clothes, loaded their donkeys, and went back to the city.
Genesis 44:14 Judah and his brothers went to Joseph's house; he was still there, and they bowed down to him on the ground.
Genesis 44:15 Joseph asked them, "What have you done? Don't you know that a man like me can surely find things out?"
Genesis 44:16 Judah asked, "What can we say to my master? How can we explain or prove our innocence? God has revealed our guilt. Here we are, ready to serve you, both us and the one who had the cup."
Genesis 44:17 He said, I would never do that. Only the one who has the cup will become my servant. The rest of you can go back to your father in peace.
Genesis 44:18 Then Judah approached him and said, "Please, sir, let me say something to you privately, and don't be angry with me, for you are like Pharaoh to us."
Genesis 44:19 My master asked his servants, "Do you have a father or a brother?"
Genesis 44:20 We told you, sir, we have an old father and a young brother, the son of his old age. His brother is dead, and he is the only one of his mother's children left, and his father loves him.
Genesis 44:21 You said to your servants, bring him to me, so I can see him.
Genesis 44:22 We told you, the boy can't leave his father, because if he does, his father will die.
Genesis 44:23 You told your servants, 'If your youngest brother doesn't come with you, you won't see me again.'
Genesis 44:24 When we went to your servant, my father, we told him what my master had said.
Genesis 44:25 Our father said, "Go back and buy us some more food."
Genesis 44:26 We said, we can't go down unless our youngest brother is with us; if he is, then we will go, because we can't see the man unless our youngest brother comes with us.
Genesis 44:27 Your father said to us, 'You know that my wife had two sons for me:'
Genesis 44:28 One left my side, and I thought, 'He must have been attacked and killed,' because I haven't seen him since.
Genesis 44:29 If you also take this one away from me and he gets hurt, you will make me very sad until I die.
Genesis 44:30 So now, if I go to your servant, my father, and the boy is not with us—since his life is so closely linked with the boy's life—
Genesis 44:31 When he sees the boy is not with us, he will die, and we will cause our father, your servant, to go to his grave in sadness.
Genesis 44:32 I, your servant, promised my father I would protect the boy, saying, 'If I don't bring him back to you, I will be responsible to my father forever.'
Genesis 44:33 Please, let me stay as your servant instead of the boy, and let him return with his brothers.
Genesis 44:34 How can I go back to my father if the boy is not with me? I couldn't bear to see the pain this would cause my father.

Genesis 45:1 Joseph could not hold back in front of everyone present; he shouted, "Everyone leave me!" No one stayed with him when Joseph revealed his identity to his brothers.
Genesis 45:2 He cried loudly, and the Egyptians and Pharaoh's household heard it.
Genesis 45:3 Joseph said to his brothers, "I am Joseph. Is our father still alive?" But his brothers couldn't answer him because they were upset to see him.
Genesis 45:4 Joseph told his brothers, "Please come closer to me." They came closer. Then he said, "I am your brother Joseph, the one you sold into Egypt."
Genesis 45:5 So now, don't be sad or mad at yourselves for selling me here; because God sent me ahead of you to save lives.
Genesis 45:6 For two years now, there has been famine in the land, and for the next five years, there will be no plowing or harvesting.
Genesis 45:7 God sent me ahead of you to keep your family alive on the earth, and to save your lives with a big rescue.
Genesis 45:8 It was not you who sent me here, but God. He has made me like a father to Pharaoh, the boss of his household, and the leader of all Egypt.
Genesis 45:9 Hurry and go to my father, and tell him, 'Your son Joseph says, God has made me ruler over all of Egypt: come to me, don't delay.'
Genesis 45:10 You will live in the land of Goshen, close to me, with your children, grandchildren, sheep, cattle, and all your possessions.
Genesis 45:11 I will provide for you there, because five more years of famine are coming, so that you, your family, and all you have won't become poor.
Genesis 45:12 Look, your eyes and my brother Benjamin's eyes can see that it is really me talking to you.
Genesis 45:13 Tell my father about all my success in Egypt and everything you've seen; hurry and bring my father here.
Genesis 45:14 He hugged his brother Benjamin and cried; and Benjamin cried on his shoulder.
Genesis 45:15 He kissed all his brothers and cried on them; then his brothers spoke with him.
Genesis 45:16 People in Pharaoh's palace heard that Joseph's brothers had come, and this news made Pharaoh and his servants very happy.
Genesis 45:17 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Tell your brothers to do this: Load your animals and go to the land of Canaan."
Genesis 45:18 Bring your father and your families to me, and I will give you the best parts of Egypt, and you will have plenty to eat.
Genesis 45:19 God has ordered you to do this: Get carts from Egypt for your children and wives, and bring your father here.
Genesis 45:20 Don't worry about your belongings; all the best of Egypt is yours.
Genesis 45:21 The Israelites did as told, and Joseph gave them carts as Pharaoh ordered, and also gave them food for the journey.
Genesis 45:22 He gave clothes to all of them, but he gave Benjamin three hundred silver coins and five sets of clothes.
Genesis 45:23 He sent his father the following: ten donkeys carrying Egypt's best goods, and ten female donkeys loaded with grain, bread, and food for his journey.
Genesis 45:24 He sent his brothers off, and they left. He told them, "Make sure you don't argue on the way."
Genesis 45:25 They left Egypt and arrived in Canaan to meet their father Jacob.
Genesis 45:26 They told him, "Joseph is still alive and he rules over all of Egypt." But Jacob felt weak because he did not believe them.
Genesis 45:27 They told him everything Joseph said to them, and when he saw the carts Joseph sent to bring him, Jacob their father felt better.
Genesis 45:28 Israel said, "It is enough; my son Joseph is still alive. I will go and see him before I die."

Genesis 46:1 Israel traveled with everything he owned, went to Beersheba, and gave sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac.
Genesis 46:2 God spoke to Israel in a night vision, saying, "Jacob, Jacob." And he replied, "I'm here."
Genesis 46:3 He said, "I am God, your father's God. Do not be afraid to go to Egypt, because I will make you into a great nation there."
Genesis 46:4 I will go down to Egypt with you, and I will surely bring you back again, and Joseph will close your eyes.
Genesis 46:5 Jacob left Beersheba, and Israel's sons took Jacob their father, their children, and their wives in the carts that Pharaoh had provided for him.
Genesis 46:6 They took their animals and belongings, which they had acquired in Canaan, and went to Egypt, with Jacob and all his descendants.
Genesis 46:7 He brought his sons, grandsons, daughters, granddaughters, and all his family with him to Egypt.
Genesis 46:8 These are the names of Israel's children who went to Egypt: Jacob and his sons, Reuben, Jacob's oldest.
Genesis 46:9 Reuben's sons were Hanoch, Phallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
Genesis 46:10 Simeon's sons were Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jachin, Zohar, and Shaul, whose mother was a Canaanite woman.
Genesis 46:11 The sons of Levi were Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Genesis 46:12 Judah had sons; Er, Onan, Shelah, Pharez, and Zarah. But, Er and Onan died in Canaan. Pharez had sons, Hezron and Hamul.
Genesis 46:13 Issachar's sons were Tola, Phuvah, Job, and Shimron.
Genesis 46:14 Zebulun's sons were Sered, Elon, and Jahleel.
Genesis 46:15 Leah had six sons and a daughter named Dinah with Jacob in Padanaram. In total, Jacob had thirty-three children.
Genesis 46:16 Gad's sons were Ziphion, Haggi, Shuni, Ezbon, Eri, Arodi, and Areli.
Genesis 46:17 Asher's sons were Jimnah, Ishuah, Isui, and Beriah, and their sister was Serah. Beriah's sons were Heber and Malchiel.
Genesis 46:18 These are Zilpah's sons, given by Laban to his daughter Leah, and she had them with Jacob—a total of sixteen people.
Genesis 46:19 Rachel, Jacob's wife, had two sons: Joseph and Benjamin.
Genesis 46:20 In Egypt, Joseph had two sons named Manasseh and Ephraim, born to him by Asenath, who was the daughter of Potipherah, the priest of On.
Genesis 46:21 Benjamin's sons were Belah, Becher, Ashbel, Gera, Naaman, Ehi, Rosh, Muppim, Huppim, and Ard.
Genesis 46:22 Rachel had fourteen children with Jacob.
Genesis 46:23 Dan's sons: Hushim.
Genesis 46:24 Naphtali's sons were Jahzeel, Guni, Jezer, and Shillem.
Genesis 46:25 These are Bilhah's sons, whom Laban gave to his daughter Rachel, and she had them for Jacob: in total, there were seven people.
Genesis 46:26 Everyone who went to Egypt with Jacob, except for the wives of his sons, totaled 66 people.
Genesis 46:27 Joseph had two sons born to him in Egypt. In total, seventy people from Jacob's family came to Egypt.
Genesis 46:28 He sent Judah ahead to Joseph to show the way to Goshen, and they arrived in Goshen.
Genesis 46:29 Joseph prepared his chariot, went to meet his father Israel in Goshen, showed himself to him, hugged him tightly, and cried on his shoulder for a long time.
Genesis 46:30 Israel said to Joseph, "Now I can die happily because I have seen you and you are still alive."
Genesis 46:31 Joseph told his brothers and his father's family, "I will go and tell Pharaoh, 'My brothers and my father's family from Canaan have come to me.'"
Genesis 46:32 The men are shepherds because their job has been to take care of animals; and they have brought their sheep, their cattle, and everything they own.
Genesis 46:33 When the king of Egypt asks you what you do,
Genesis 46:34 Tell them, "We have always worked with animals, from when we were young to now, just like our ancestors did. This is so you can live in Goshen, because Egyptians dislike all shepherds."

Genesis 47:1 Joseph went to Pharaoh and said, "My father, my brothers, their sheep, their cattle, and everything they own have left the land of Canaan, and now they are in the land of Goshen."
Genesis 47:2 He took five of his brothers and introduced them to Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:3 Pharaoh asked his brothers, "What do you do for work?" They answered Pharaoh, "We are shepherds, just like our ancestors."
Genesis 47:4 They also told Pharaoh, "We have come to stay in the land for a short time because our flocks have no grass to eat; there is a severe famine in Canaan. So now, please let us live in Goshen."
Genesis 47:5 The Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Your father and your brothers have come to you."
Genesis 47:6 Egypt is in front of you; have your father and brothers live in the best part of the land, let them stay in Goshen. If there are any skilled men among them, put them in charge of my livestock.
Genesis 47:7 Joseph brought his father Jacob to meet Pharaoh, and Jacob gave Pharaoh his blessing.
Genesis 47:8 And Pharaoh asked Jacob, "How old are you?"
Genesis 47:9 Jacob told Pharaoh, "I have lived for 130 years. My life has been short and difficult, not as long as my ancestors lived during their lives."
Genesis 47:10 Jacob blessed the king and left his presence.
Genesis 47:11 Joseph settled his father and brothers, and gave them property in Egypt's best part, the region of Rameses, following Pharaoh's orders.
Genesis 47:12 Joseph provided food for his father, his brothers, and all his father's household, according to the size of their families.
Genesis 47:13 There was no bread in the whole country because the famine was very severe, and the lands of Egypt and Canaan grew weak because of the hunger.
Genesis 47:14 Joseph collected all the money from Egypt and Canaan used to buy grain, and he took it to Pharaoh's palace.
Genesis 47:15 When there was no more money in Egypt and Canaan, everyone in Egypt went to Joseph and said, "Give us food. Why should we die in front of you? There's no more money."
Genesis 47:16 Joseph said, "Give me your livestock, and I will give you food for them since you have no more money."
Genesis 47:17 People brought their animals to Joseph, and he gave them bread for their horses, sheep, cattle, and donkeys. He provided them bread to feed all their animals for that year.
Genesis 47:18 After that year finished, they came to him in the second year and said, "We cannot keep it secret from you: our money is gone. You also have our livestock. There is nothing left for you to see except our bodies and our land."
Genesis 47:19 Why should we die in front of you, including us and our land? Take us and our land in exchange for food, and we and our land will serve the king. Give us seed so we can live and not die, and so the land won't be empty.
Genesis 47:20 Joseph bought all of Egypt’s land for the king, because the people sold their fields due to the severe famine. Thus, the land belonged to the king.
Genesis 47:21 He moved the people to towns from one end of Egypt to the other.
Genesis 47:22 He did not buy the land of the priests because Pharaoh had given them a part to live on, and they ate from that part, so they did not sell their land.
Genesis 47:23 Joseph told the people, "Look, today I have bought you and your land for Pharaoh. Here is some seed for you to plant in the land."
Genesis 47:24 When the crops grow, you must give one-fifth to the ruler and keep four-fifths for yourselves, to plant the fields, to feed yourselves, your families, and your children.
Genesis 47:25 They said, "You have saved our lives. May we have favor in your eyes, and we will be servants to the Pharaoh."
Genesis 47:26 Joseph made a rule in Egypt that still exists today, that the ruler gets one-fifth of the crops, except for the priests' lands, which the ruler does not own.
Genesis 47:27 Israel lived in Egypt, in the region of Goshen; they owned property there, and they grew very numerous and multiplied greatly.
Genesis 47:28 Jacob lived in Egypt for seventeen years, making his total lifespan 147 years.
Genesis 47:29 The time came for Israel to die, so he called his son Joseph and said, "If I have your favor, please put your hand under my leg and promise to treat me with kindness and honesty; do not bury me in Egypt."
Genesis 47:30 I will be buried with my ancestors, and you will take me from Egypt and bury me where they are buried. He replied, "I will do what you ask."
Genesis 47:31 He said, "Promise me." So he promised. And Israel leaned on the top of his bed.

Genesis 48:1 After these events, someone informed Joseph, "Look, your father is ill," so he brought his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim, with him.
Genesis 48:2 Someone told Jacob, "Look, your son Joseph is coming to you," and Jacob gathered his strength and sat up in bed.
Genesis 48:3 Jacob told Joseph, "God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in Canaan and blessed me."
Genesis 48:4 He told me, 'Look, I will make you have many children and increase your numbers. I will turn you into a large group of people, and I will give this land to your descendants after you to own forever.'
Genesis 48:5 Your two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, born in Egypt before I arrived, are now mine just like Reuben and Simeon.
Genesis 48:6 Your children born after them will belong to you and take their brothers' family name in the inheritance.
Genesis 48:7 When I was returning from Padan, Rachel died near me in Canaan before we reached Ephrath, and I buried her on the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.
Genesis 48:8 Israel saw Joseph's sons and asked, "Who are they?"
Genesis 48:9 Joseph told his father, "These are my sons, whom God has given to me here." Then he said, "Please bring them to me, so I can bless them."
Genesis 48:10 Israel's eyes were weak from old age, and he could not see well. He brought them close, kissed them, and hugged them.
Genesis 48:11 Israel said to Joseph, I never expected to see you again, but now, God has let me see your children too.
Genesis 48:12 Joseph took them from between his knees and bowed down with his face to the ground.
Genesis 48:13 Joseph took both Ephraim in his right hand to his father's left, and Manasseh in his left hand to his father's right, and brought them close to him.
Genesis 48:14 Israel reached out his right hand and put it on Ephraim's head, the younger one, and his left hand on Manasseh's head, moving his hands purposely because Manasseh was the older.
Genesis 48:15 He blessed Joseph and said, "God, who my ancestors Abraham and Isaac followed, the God who has taken care of me all my life until today,
Genesis 48:16 The angel who saved me from all harm, bless the boys. Let them carry on my name and the names of my ancestors Abraham and Isaac, and let them become a large group on the earth.
Genesis 48:17 When Joseph saw his father put his right hand on Ephraim's head, he was unhappy. He lifted his father's hand to move it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head.
Genesis 48:18 Joseph said to his father, "No, my father, this one is the oldest; place your right hand on his head."
Genesis 48:19 His father said no, and replied, I know, my son, I know. He too will become a group of people and be great. Yet his younger brother will be even greater, and his descendants will form many nations.
Genesis 48:20 On that day, he gave them a blessing, saying, "Israel will use your name to give blessings, praying, 'May God make you like Ephraim and Manasseh,'" and he put Ephraim ahead of Manasseh.
Genesis 48:21 Israel said to Joseph, "Look, I am dying, but God will be with you and will take you back to your ancestors' land."
Genesis 48:22 I have also given you an extra share beyond your brothers, which I took from the Amorite using my sword and bow.

Genesis 49:1 Jacob called his sons and said, "Come here so I can tell you what will happen to you in the future."
Genesis 49:2 Come together and listen, children of Jacob; pay attention to Israel, your father.
Genesis 49:3 Reuben, you are my firstborn, my strength, the first sign of my power, the best in honor, and the best in force.
Genesis 49:4 Like water, you will not succeed; for you slept in your father's bed and soiled it—he climbed onto my bed.
Genesis 49:5 Simeon and Levi are brothers; tools of violence are in their homes.
Genesis 49:6 My soul, do not join their secrets; do not be part of their group, my respect. In their anger, they killed a person, and in their stubbornness, they destroyed a wall.
Genesis 49:7 Their anger is cursed because it was strong; their rage is cursed because it was harsh. I will separate them in Jacob and spread them out in Israel.
Genesis 49:8 Judah, your brothers will praise you; your hand will be on your enemies' neck; your father's children will bow down to you.
Genesis 49:9 Judah is like a young lion: after hunting, my son, you have rested. He lies down like a lion, and like a mighty lion; who dares to wake him?
Genesis 49:10 Judah will always have a ruler, and a leader will come from his descendants, until Shiloh comes; and the people will follow him.
Genesis 49:11 He tied his young donkey to the grapevine, and his colt to the best vine; he washed his clothes in wine, and his robes in grape juice.
Genesis 49:12 His eyes will look red from wine, and his teeth will be white from milk.
Genesis 49:13 Zebulun will live by the sea port; he will be a safe place for ships, and his land will reach to Sidon.
Genesis 49:14 Issachar is a strong donkey lying down between two loads.
Genesis 49:15 He saw that rest was good and the land beautiful; he bent his shoulder to work and became a laborer who pays taxes.
Genesis 49:16 Dan will judge his people like one of the Israelite tribes.
Genesis 49:17 Dan will be like a snake on the road, a viper on the path, that bites the horse's heels, making its rider fall off.
Genesis 49:18 I have waited for your salvation, God.
Genesis 49:19 Gad will be attacked by a group, but in the end, he will win.
Genesis 49:20 From Asher, his food will be rich, and he will provide fine foods fit for a king.
Genesis 49:21 Naphtali is a free deer; he speaks beautiful words.
Genesis 49:22 Joseph is like a fruitful vine, a fruitful vine near a spring, whose branches climb over the wall.
Genesis 49:23 The archers hurt him badly, shot at him, and hated him.
Genesis 49:24 His bow stayed strong, and his arms got strong by the mighty God of Jacob; from there comes the shepherd, the rock of Israel.
Genesis 49:25 God, your father's God, will help you; the Almighty will bless you with heaven's blessings, the deep's riches, and the fruitfulness of breast and womb.
Genesis 49:26 Your father's blessings are greater than those of my ancestors, reaching to the farthest everlasting hills. They will rest on Joseph's head and on the forehead of the one set apart from his brothers.
Genesis 49:27 Benjamin will hunt like a wolf: in the morning he will eat the prey, and at night he will share the loot.
Genesis 49:28 These are the twelve tribes of Israel: their father spoke to each of them and gave them his blessing.
Genesis 49:29 He gave them instructions, saying, "I will soon join my ancestors: bury me beside my fathers in the cave in Ephron the Hittite's field."
Genesis 49:30 In the cave in Machpelah field, in front of Mamre in Canaan, Abraham bought it with the field from Ephron the Hittite to own as a burial place.
Genesis 49:31 They buried Abraham and his wife Sarah there; they also buried Isaac and his wife Rebekah there; and I buried Leah there.
Genesis 49:32 The buying of the field and the cave in it was from the Heth people.
Genesis 49:33 After Jacob finished giving instructions to his sons, he pulled his legs up onto the bed, passed away, and joined his ancestors.

Genesis 50:1 Joseph laid his face on his father's face, cried over him, and kissed him.
Genesis 50:2 Joseph told his doctors to prepare his father's body, and the doctors did so for Israel.
Genesis 50:3 He was prepared for forty days, as is the custom for the embalmed, and the Egyptians grieved for him seventy days.
Genesis 50:4 After his mourning time ended, Joseph spoke to Pharaoh's officials and said, "If you think well of me, please tell Pharaoh."
Genesis 50:5 My father asked me to promise, saying, "Look, I am dying; bury me in the grave I made for myself in Canaan." So please let me go and bury my father, and then I will come back.
Genesis 50:6 Pharaoh said, "Go and bury your father, just as he made you promise."
Genesis 50:7 Joseph went to bury his father, and all of Pharaoh's servants, the leaders of his household, and the elders of Egypt went with him.
Genesis 50:8 Everyone from Joseph's family, his brothers, and their father's family went, but they left their young children, sheep, and cattle in Goshen.
Genesis 50:9 Chariots and horsemen went with him, forming a large group.
Genesis 50:10 They reached Atad's threshing floor, across the Jordan River, where they grieved deeply with loud crying; and he mourned his father for seven days.
Genesis 50:11 When the local people, the Canaanites, saw the sadness at Atad's threshing floor, they said, "This is deep sorrow for the Egyptians." That's why they named the place Abelmizraim, which is across the Jordan.
Genesis 50:12 His sons did as he told them to.
Genesis 50:13 His sons took him to Canaan and buried him in Machpelah cave, in the field that Abraham purchased from Ephron the Hittite, near Mamre.
Genesis 50:14 Joseph went back to Egypt with his brothers and everyone who joined him to bury his father, after they buried his father.
Genesis 50:15 When Joseph's brothers saw that their father had died, they said, "Joseph might hate us and will surely pay us back for all the bad things we did to him."
Genesis 50:16 They sent someone to tell Joseph, "Before your father died, he told us to say,
Genesis 50:17 Tell Joseph, please forgive your brothers' wrongdoing and sin, because they hurt you. And now, please forgive the wrong that God your father's servants have done. Joseph cried when they talked to him.
Genesis 50:18 His brothers also went and bowed down in front of him, saying, "Look, we are your servants."
Genesis 50:19 Joseph said to them, "Don't be afraid. Am I in God's place?"
Genesis 50:20 You planned to do me harm, but God turned it into good, to achieve what we see today: to save many lives.
Genesis 50:21 So do not be afraid. I will provide for you and your children. He reassured them and spoke gently to them.
Genesis 50:22 Joseph lived in Egypt with his family and he lived to be 110 years old.
Genesis 50:23 Joseph saw his great-grandchildren through Ephraim, and Machir's children, Manasseh's descendants, were raised on Joseph's lap.
Genesis 50:24 Joseph told his brothers, "I am about to die, but God will come to you and take you from this land to the land promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob."
Genesis 50:25 Joseph made the children of Israel promise, saying, "God will definitely come to you, and you must take my bones from here."
Genesis 50:26 Joseph died at the age of 110, and they preserved his body. He was placed in a coffin in Egypt.

Exodus 1:1 Here are the names of the people of Israel who went to Egypt; each one with his family joined Jacob.
Exodus 1:2 Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,
Exodus 1:3 Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin.
Exodus 1:4 Dan, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
Exodus 1:5 Everyone born from Jacob totaled seventy people; Joseph was already in Egypt.
Exodus 1:6 Joseph and all his brothers and everyone from that generation died.
Exodus 1:7 The Israelites grew many, became very strong and filled the land.
Exodus 1:8 A new king came to power in Egypt who did not know about Joseph.
Exodus 1:9 He said to his people, "Look, the Israelites are becoming too numerous and powerful for us."
Exodus 1:10 Let's be smart in handling them so they don't increase in number. If there's a war, they might join our enemies, fight us, and then leave this land.
Exodus 1:11 So they put bosses over them to make them suffer with hard work. And they built storage cities for Pharaoh, Pithom and Raamses.
Exodus 1:12 The more they hurt them, the more they increased and became strong. And they were upset because of the children of Israel.
Exodus 1:13 The Egyptians forced the Israelites to work very hard.
Exodus 1:14 They made their lives very hard with tough work, using mortar, bricks, and all sorts of field work; every task they forced them to do was done harshly.
Exodus 1:15 The king of Egypt talked to the Hebrew midwives, named Shiphrah and Puah.
Exodus 1:16 He said, "When you help the Hebrew women give birth and see them on the birthing stools; if it's a boy, you must kill him, but if it's a girl, she can live."
Exodus 1:17 The midwives respected God and did not follow the Egyptian king's orders; instead, they kept the baby boys alive.
Exodus 1:18 The king of Egypt called the midwives and asked them, "Why have you done this and let the boy babies live?"
Exodus 1:19 The midwives told the king, "Hebrew women are not like Egyptian women; they are strong and give birth before the midwives arrive."
Exodus 1:20 So God was good to the midwives, and the people grew and became very strong.
Exodus 1:21 Because the midwives respected God, he gave them homes.
Exodus 1:22 Pharaoh ordered all his people, "Throw every newborn boy into the river, but let every girl live."

Exodus 2:1 A man from Levi's family went and married a woman from Levi's family.
Exodus 2:2 The woman became pregnant and had a baby boy. When she saw he was a fine child, she hid him for three months.
Exodus 2:3 When she couldn't hide her baby anymore, she made a basket from reeds, sealed it with tar and pitch, placed her child inside, and set it among the plants by the river's edge.
Exodus 2:4 His sister stood far away, to see what would happen to him.
Exodus 2:5 Pharaoh's daughter went to bathe in the river; her attendants walked beside the river; when she saw the basket in the reeds, she sent her servant to get it.
Exodus 2:6 When she opened it, she saw the baby crying, and she felt sorry for him, saying, "This is one of the Hebrew babies."
Exodus 2:7 His sister asked Pharaoh's daughter, "Should I go and find a Hebrew woman to nurse the baby for you?"
Exodus 2:8 The princess told her, "Go." So the girl went and called the baby's mother.
Exodus 2:9 Pharaoh's daughter told her, "Take this baby and care for him for me, and I will pay you." So, the woman took the baby and cared for him.
Exodus 2:10 The child grew up, and she took him to the Pharaoh's daughter, who adopted him as her son. She named him Moses, saying, "I pulled him out of the water."
Exodus 2:11 In those days, when Moses was older, he went to his people and saw their hard work. He saw an Egyptian hitting a Hebrew, one of his own people.
Exodus 2:12 He looked around, and seeing no one, he killed the Egyptian and hid him in the sand.
Exodus 2:13 On the second day he went out, he saw two Hebrew men fighting. He asked the one who was in the wrong, "Why are you hitting your companion?"
Exodus 2:14 He asked, "Who made you our leader and judge? Do you plan to kill me like you killed the Egyptian?" Moses was scared and thought, "Everyone must know about it."
Exodus 2:15 When the king heard about this, he wanted to kill Moses. But Moses ran away from the king and lived in Midian, where he sat down by a well.
Exodus 2:16 The priest of Midian had seven daughters, and they came to draw water, filling the troughs to water their father's sheep.
Exodus 2:17 The shepherds arrived and chased them off, but Moses got up, helped the women, and gave their sheep water.
Exodus 2:18 When they returned to their father Reuel, he asked, "Why have you come back so early today?"
Exodus 2:19 They said, an Egyptian saved us from the shepherds and also got plenty of water for us, and gave it to the sheep.
Exodus 2:20 He asked his daughters, "Where is he? Why did you leave the man behind? Invite him to eat bread with us."
Exodus 2:21 Moses was happy to live with the man and the man gave his daughter Zipporah to Moses as his wife.
Exodus 2:22 She gave birth to a son, and he named him Gershom, saying, "I have been a foreigner in a foreign land."
Exodus 2:23 Over time, the king of Egypt died; the Israelites groaned because they were slaves, they cried out, and their cries reached God because of their slavery.
Exodus 2:24 God heard their cries, and God remembered his promise to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Exodus 2:25 God saw the Israelites and cared for them.

Exodus 3:1 Moses took care of his father-in-law Jethro's sheep, who was the priest of Midian. He took the sheep far into the desert and came to God's mountain, called Horeb.
Exodus 3:2 An angel of God appeared to him in a fire from inside a bush. He saw that though the bush was on fire, it did not burn up.
Exodus 3:3 Moses said, I will go over and look at this amazing thing, why the bush does not burn up.
Exodus 3:4 When God saw that Moses came to look, God called to him from the bush, "Moses, Moses!" And he answered, "I'm here."
Exodus 3:5 He said, "Don't come any closer. Take off your shoes because the place where you are standing is sacred ground."
Exodus 3:6 He also said, "I am your father's God, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob." Moses covered his face because he was scared to look at God.
Exodus 3:7 God said, "I have really seen how my people in Egypt are suffering and have heard them cry out because of their harsh bosses; I know their pain."
Exodus 3:8 I have come to save them from the Egyptians and to take them from that land to a good and big land, a land filled with milk and honey; to the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Exodus 3:9 So now, look, I've heard the people of Israel's cries, and I've seen how the Egyptians are harshly treating them.
Exodus 3:10 Come now, and I will send you to Pharaoh so you can lead my people, the Israelites, out of Egypt.
Exodus 3:11 Moses said to God, "Who am I to go to Pharaoh and lead the people of Israel out of Egypt?"
Exodus 3:12 He said, "I will certainly be with you; and this will be the sign to you that I sent you: When you lead the people out of Egypt, you will worship God on this mountain."
Exodus 3:13 Moses said to God, "Look, when I go to the Israelites and tell them, 'The God of your ancestors has sent me to you,' and they ask me, 'What is his name?' what should I tell them?"
Exodus 3:14 God told Moses, "I AM WHO I AM." Then he said, "Tell the people of Israel, 'I AM has sent me to you.'"
Exodus 3:15 God also told Moses to say to the Israelites, "The God of your ancestors, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has sent me to you. This is my name forever, and how I am to be remembered for all generations."
Exodus 3:16 Go, bring together Israel's leaders, and tell them, God, the God of your ancestors, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me. He said, 'I have carefully watched what has happened to you in Egypt.'
Exodus 3:17 I have said I will take you from the suffering in Egypt to the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, to a land filled with milk and honey.
Exodus 3:18 They will listen to you. You and Israel's leaders will go to Egypt's king and say, 'The God of the Hebrews has met with us. Please let us travel three days into the desert to offer sacrifices to our God.'
Exodus 3:19 I am certain that the king of Egypt won't let you go, not even with great force.
Exodus 3:20 I will reach out my hand and strike Egypt with all the amazing things I will do there, and then they will let you go.
Exodus 3:21 I will make the Egyptians kind to you, and when you leave, you won't leave empty-handed.
Exodus 3:22 Every woman will ask her neighbor and any guest in her home for silver and gold jewelry, and clothes. You will dress your sons and daughters in these, taking wealth from the Egyptians.

Exodus 4:1 Moses answered, "But look, they won't believe me or listen to my voice; they'll say, 'God hasn't appeared to you.'"
Exodus 4:2 God asked him, "What do you have in your hand?" He replied, "A staff."
Exodus 4:3 He said, "Throw it on the ground." So he threw it on the ground, and it turned into a snake; then Moses ran away from it.
Exodus 4:4 God said to Moses, "Reach out your hand and grab its tail." So Moses reached out, caught it, and it turned back into a staff in his hand.
Exodus 4:5 So they may believe that the God of their ancestors, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has shown Himself to you.
Exodus 4:6 God also said to him, "Now put your hand inside your shirt." He put his hand inside his shirt, and when he took it out, it was as white with leprosy as snow.
Exodus 4:7 He said, "Put your hand inside your shirt again." So he put his hand back inside his shirt, and when he took it out, it was normal like the rest of his skin.
Exodus 4:8 If people don't believe you or pay attention to the first sign, they will believe the second sign.
Exodus 4:9 If people don't believe these two signs or listen to you, take some river water and pour it on dry ground. Then, the water from the river will turn into blood on the ground.
Exodus 4:10 Moses said to God, "Oh my God, I am not good at speaking, and I haven't been good at speaking even since you started talking to me. I speak slowly and with difficulty."
Exodus 4:11 God asked him, "Who gave humans their mouths? Who makes them unable to talk or hear, see or blind? Isn't it me, God?"
Exodus 4:12 Go now, and I will be with your mouth and teach you what to say.
Exodus 4:13 He said, "Oh my God, please send someone else to do it."
Exodus 4:14 God was angry with Moses and said, "Isn't Aaron the Levite your brother? I know he speaks well. Look, he is coming to meet you, and when he sees you, he will be happy."
Exodus 4:15 You will talk to him, put words in his mouth; I will help both of you speak and teach you what to do.
Exodus 4:16 He will speak to the people for you, and he will be like your mouth, while you will be like God to him.
Exodus 4:17 You will take this staff in your hand to perform miracles.
Exodus 4:18 Moses went back to his father-in-law Jethro and said, "Please let me go back to my brothers in Egypt to see if they are still alive." Jethro said to Moses, "Go in peace."
Exodus 4:19 God told Moses in Midian, "Go back to Egypt, for all the men who wanted to kill you are dead."
Exodus 4:20 Moses took his wife and sons, put them on a donkey, and went back to Egypt, carrying God's staff.
Exodus 4:21 God told Moses, "When you go back to Egypt, make sure you do all the miracles in front of Pharaoh that I have given you the power to do. But I will make his heart stubborn so he won't let the people go."
Exodus 4:22 Tell Pharaoh, God says, 'Israel is my child, my firstborn.'
Exodus 4:23 I tell you, let my son go so he can serve me; but if you don't let him go, I will kill your firstborn son.
Exodus 4:24 On the journey, at the overnight place, God met him and wanted to kill him.
Exodus 4:25 Then Zipporah took a sharp stone, cut off her son's foreskin, threw it at his feet, and said, "You are really a husband of blood to me."
Exodus 4:26 So he released him. Then she said, "You are a husband of blood because of the circumcision."
Exodus 4:27 God told Aaron, "Go into the wilderness to meet Moses." So he went and found Moses on God's mountain and kissed him.
Exodus 4:28 Moses told Aaron everything God had said to him and all the miracles God told him to perform.
Exodus 4:29 Moses and Aaron went and brought together all the elders of the Israelites.
Exodus 4:30 Aaron said everything God told Moses and did the miracles for the people to see.
Exodus 4:31 The people believed when they heard that God had come to help the people of Israel and seen their suffering, so they bowed down and worshiped.

Exodus 5:1 Later, Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and said, "God of Israel says, 'Let my people go, so they can celebrate a festival for me in the desert.'"
Exodus 5:2 Pharaoh said, "Who is God, that I should listen to him and let Israel go? I don't know God, and I will not let Israel go."
Exodus 5:3 They said, "The God of the Hebrews has met with us. Please let us go on a three day trip into the desert to offer sacrifices to God, so he won't strike us with sickness or the sword."
Exodus 5:4 The king of Egypt asked Moses and Aaron, "Why are you stopping the people from working? Go back to your tasks."
Exodus 5:5 Pharaoh said, "Look, there are now many people in the land, and you let them stop working on their heavy tasks."
Exodus 5:6 On that day, Pharaoh ordered the slave drivers and their bosses, saying,
Exodus 5:7 You will not provide straw to the people for brick-making anymore. Instead, let them get their own straw.
Exodus 5:8 You must give them the same number of bricks they made before; do not give them less. They are lazy, so they beg to worship their God.
Exodus 5:9 Give the men more work to do so they work harder and ignore useless talk.
Exodus 5:10 The people's bosses and their helpers went out and told them, "This is what Pharaoh says: I will not give you straw."
Exodus 5:11 Go, find straw wherever you can, but your work must not be lessened.
Exodus 5:12 The people spread out all over Egypt to collect stubble because they had no straw.
Exodus 5:13 The overseers rushed them, saying, "Finish your work, your daily jobs, just as when you had straw."
Exodus 5:14 The Egyptian leaders beat the Israelite foremen they had appointed and asked, "Why haven't you made as many bricks yesterday and today as before?"
Exodus 5:15 The leaders of the Israelites went to the king and asked, "Why are you treating us, your servants, like this?"
Exodus 5:16 Your servants are not given straw, yet we are told to make bricks. Look, your servants are beaten, but it is your own people's fault.
Exodus 5:17 But he said, "You are lazy, you are lazy; that's why you say, 'Let's go and make sacrifices to God.'"
Exodus 5:18 Go now and work; you will not be given straw, but you must still produce the same number of bricks.
Exodus 5:19 The leaders of the Israelites saw they were in trouble when they were told, "You must not make fewer bricks each day."
Exodus 5:20 They met Moses and Aaron waiting for them as they left Pharaoh.
Exodus 5:21 They told them, "God watch you and decide; because you've made us hated by Pharaoh and his people, giving them a reason to kill us."
Exodus 5:22 Moses went back to God and said, "God, why have you treated these people badly? Why did you send me?"
Exodus 5:23 Since I went to the king to speak for you, he has treated these people badly; you have not rescued your people at all.

Exodus 6:1 Then God told Moses, "Now you will see what I will do to Pharaoh: he will let the people go because of my powerful action, and he will force them to leave his land."
Exodus 6:2 God spoke to Moses and told him, "I am God."
Exodus 6:3 I showed myself to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob as God Almighty, but they did not know me as Jehovah.
Exodus 6:4 I have also made a promise to them to give them the land of Canaan, where they traveled as outsiders.
Exodus 6:5 I have heard the cries of the Israelites, whom the Egyptians enslave; I remember my promise.
Exodus 6:6 Tell the people of Israel, I am God, and I will free you from the Egyptian's heavy work, and I will save you from their slavery, and I will rescue you with a powerful arm and with mighty acts of judgment.
Exodus 6:7 I will make you my people, and I will be your God. You will know that I am your God who frees you from the Egyptians' heavy work.
Exodus 6:8 I will take you to the land that I promised to give to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and I will give it to you as your inheritance: I am God.
Exodus 6:9 Moses spoke this way to the Israelites, but they didn't listen to him because they were very sad and suffering from harsh slavery.
Exodus 6:10 God spoke to Moses and said,
Exodus 6:11 Go and talk to Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and tell him to let the Israelites leave his country.
Exodus 6:12 Moses spoke to God, saying, "Look, the people of Israel haven't listened to me; so how will Pharaoh listen to me, when I speak so poorly?"
Exodus 6:13 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, and gave them instructions for the Israelites and Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, to lead the Israelites out of Egypt.
Exodus 6:14 These are the leaders of their families: Reuben, Israel's first son, had Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi; these are the Reuben families.
Exodus 6:15 Simeon's sons were Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jachin, Zohar, and Shaul, whose mother was from Canaan. These are the Simeon families.
Exodus 6:16 These are the names of Levi's sons by generation: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. Levi lived 137 years.
Exodus 6:17 Gershon's sons were Libni and Shimi, for each family group.
Exodus 6:18 Kohath's sons were Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel. Kohath lived for 133 years.
Exodus 6:19 Merari's sons were Mahali and Mushi. These were the Levi families by their generations.
Exodus 6:20 Amram married his aunt Jochebed; she gave birth to Aaron and Moses: Amram lived 137 years.
Exodus 6:21 Izhar's sons were Korah, Nepheg, and Zichri.
Exodus 6:22 Uzziel's sons were Mishael, Elzaphan, and Zithri.
Exodus 6:23 Aaron married Elisheba, Amminadab's daughter and Naashon's sister, and they had Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Exodus 6:24 Korah's sons were Assir, Elkanah, and Abiasaph; these are the Korahite family groups.
Exodus 6:25 Eleazar, Aaron's son, married one of Putiel's daughters; she gave birth to Phinehas: they are the leaders of the Levite family heads.
Exodus 6:26 These are Aaron and Moses, whom God told, "Lead Israel's people out of Egypt with their groups."
Exodus 6:27 These are the ones who spoke to Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, to free the people of Israel from Egypt: they are Moses and Aaron.
Exodus 6:28 One day when God spoke to Moses in Egypt,
Exodus 6:29 God spoke to Moses and said, "I am God; tell the Pharaoh, king of Egypt, everything I tell you."
Exodus 6:30 Moses said to God, "Look, I don't speak well, so how will Pharaoh listen to me?"

Exodus 7:1 God said to Moses, "Look, I have made you like a god to Pharaoh, and your brother Aaron will be your spokesperson."
Exodus 7:2 You will say everything I tell you, and your brother Aaron will tell the Pharaoh to let the Israelites go from his land.
Exodus 7:3 I will make Pharaoh's heart stubborn, and increase my miracles and amazing acts in Egypt.
Exodus 7:4 But the king of Egypt will not listen to you, so I can use my power against Egypt, to lead my forces and my people, the Israelites, out of Egypt with strong acts of judgment.
Exodus 7:5 The Egyptians will understand that I am God when I reach out my hand over Egypt and take the Israelites out from among them.
Exodus 7:6 Moses and Aaron did what God told them.
Exodus 7:7 Moses was 80 years old, and Aaron was 83 years old, when they spoke to Pharaoh.
Exodus 7:8 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Exodus 7:9 When the king of Egypt asks you for a miracle, tell Aaron to throw his staff down in front of the king, and it will become a snake.
Exodus 7:10 Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and did as God had ordered: Aaron threw down his staff before Pharaoh and his officials, and it turned into a snake.
Exodus 7:11 Then the king of Egypt called for the wise men and the magicians, and they also did the same things using their magic.
Exodus 7:12 Everyone threw down their rods, which turned into snakes, but Aaron's rod ate their rods.
Exodus 7:13 God made Pharaoh's heart stubborn, so he did not listen to them, just as God had said.
Exodus 7:14 God told Moses, "Pharaoh's heart is stubborn; he won't let the people go."
Exodus 7:15 Go to Pharaoh in the morning; he will go to the water; stand by the river until he arrives; and take the staff that turned into a snake in your hand.
Exodus 7:16 Tell him, "God of the Hebrews sent me to you with this message: 'Let my people go so they can worship me in the desert.' But so far, you haven't listened."
Exodus 7:17 God says, "By this you will know that I am God: see, I will hit the water in the river with the staff in my hand, and it will turn to blood."
Exodus 7:18 The fish in the river will die, the river will smell bad, and the Egyptians will hate to drink the river's water.
Exodus 7:19 God spoke to Moses, "Tell Aaron to take his stick and hold out his hand over the waters of Egypt—their rivers, canals, ponds, and all their water pools—so they will turn into blood. There will be blood everywhere in Egypt, even in wooden and stone containers."
Exodus 7:20 Moses and Aaron did as God commanded. Aaron raised the staff and struck the waters in the river, with Pharaoh and his officials watching. All the river water turned to blood.
Exodus 7:21 The fish in the river died; the river smelled bad, and the Egyptians couldn't drink its water; there was blood all over Egypt.
Exodus 7:22 The Egyptian magicians did the same with their magic tricks, but Pharaoh's heart became stubborn and he did not listen to them, just as God had said.
Exodus 7:23 Pharaoh turned, went into his house, and paid no attention to this either.
Exodus 7:24 All the Egyptians dug near the river for drinking water because they couldn't drink the river water.
Exodus 7:25 Seven days passed after God struck the river.

Exodus 8:1 God spoke to Moses, "Go to the Pharaoh and tell him, 'God says, let my people go so they can serve me.'"
Exodus 8:2 If you don't let them go, I will fill your lands with frogs.
Exodus 8:3 The river will create many frogs, which will enter your home, your bedroom, onto your bed, into your servants' houses, onto your people, into your ovens, and into your dough bowls.
Exodus 8:4 Frogs will come upon you, your people, and all your servants.
Exodus 8:5 God told Moses, "Tell Aaron to stretch out his hand with his staff over the streams, rivers, and ponds to make frogs come up onto the land of Egypt."
Exodus 8:6 Aaron reached out his hand over Egypt's waters, and frogs came and spread all over Egypt.
Exodus 8:7 The magicians used their magic to make frogs come all over Egypt.
Exodus 8:8 Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, "Ask God to remove the frogs from me and my people; and I will let the people go so they can sacrifice to God."
Exodus 8:9 Moses said to Pharaoh, "When should I ask God to get rid of the frogs from you, your servants, and your people, and leave them only in the river?"
Exodus 8:10 He said, "Tomorrow." He replied, "Let it be as you say, so you will know there is no one like our God."
Exodus 8:11 The frogs will go away from you, your houses, your servants, and your people; they will only stay in the river.
Exodus 8:12 Moses and Aaron left Pharaoh, and Moses called out to God about the frogs he sent to Pharaoh.
Exodus 8:13 God did what Moses said; the frogs died in the houses, towns, and fields.
Exodus 8:14 They piled them up in heaps, and the land smelled bad.
Exodus 8:15 When Pharaoh saw that the trouble stopped, he became stubborn and did not listen to them, just as God had said.
Exodus 8:16 God told Moses, "Tell Aaron to stretch out his staff and hit the dust on the ground, so it will turn into lice all over Egypt."
Exodus 8:17 They did just that; Aaron reached out his hand with his stick and hit the earth's dust, and it turned into lice on people and animals; all the dust in Egypt turned into lice everywhere.
Exodus 8:18 The magicians tried to use their magic to produce lice, but they failed: so lice were on people and animals.
Exodus 8:19 The magicians told Pharaoh, "This is the work of God." But Pharaoh's heart became stubborn, and he did not listen to them, just as God had said.
Exodus 8:20 God told Moses, "Get up early in the morning, stand in front of Pharaoh; see, he will go to the water; and tell him, 'God says, let my people go so they can worship me.'"
Exodus 8:21 If you don't let my people go, I will make swarms of flies come upon you, your servants, your people, and into your houses. The houses of the Egyptians will be filled with flies, as well as the ground they stand on.
Exodus 8:22 On that day, I will separate the land of Goshen, where my people live, so no swarms of flies will be there. This will let you know that I am God everywhere on earth.
Exodus 8:23 I will make a clear separation between my people and your people: tomorrow this sign will happen.
Exodus 8:24 God did this; a terrible swarm of flies filled Pharaoh's house, his servants' houses, and all of Egypt: the flies ruined the land.
Exodus 8:25 Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron and said, "Go, sacrifice to your God in this land."
Exodus 8:26 Moses said, "It's not right to do this; we will offer sacrifices to God that the Egyptians hate. If we do this in front of them, won't they stone us?"
Exodus 8:27 We will travel for three days into the desert and offer sacrifices to God, as he tells us to.
Exodus 8:28 Pharaoh said, "I will let you go so you can offer sacrifices to your God in the desert, but don't go too far. Pray for me."
Exodus 8:29 Moses said, "Look, I will leave you now and ask God to remove the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, his officials, and his people tomorrow. But Pharaoh must not trick us again by not letting the people go to worship God."
Exodus 8:30 Moses left Pharaoh and prayed to God.
Exodus 8:31 God did what Moses asked and took away the flies from Pharaoh, his officials, and his people; not a single fly was left.
Exodus 8:32 The king was stubborn again this time, and he didn't let the people go.

Exodus 9:1 Then God told Moses, "Go to Pharaoh and say to him, 'God of the Hebrews says, let my people go so they can worship me.'"
Exodus 9:2 If you refuse to let them go and still hold them,
Exodus 9:3 Look, God's power is on your livestock in the fields—on the horses, donkeys, camels, cows, and sheep. A severe disease will come.
Exodus 9:4 God will separate the livestock of Israel from the livestock of Egypt, and none of Israel's animals will die.
Exodus 9:5 God decided on a specific time and said, "Tomorrow God will do this in the land."
Exodus 9:6 The next day, God did that, and all of Egypt's cattle died, but not one of Israel's cattle died.
Exodus 9:7 Pharaoh checked, and not one of the Israelites' animals had died. But Pharaoh's heart was stubborn, and he did not let the people go.
Exodus 9:8 God told Moses and Aaron, "Grab handfuls of furnace ashes, and have Moses toss them into the air where Pharaoh can see."
Exodus 9:9 It will turn into fine dust over all of Egypt, causing sores that burst into blisters on people and animals everywhere in Egypt.
Exodus 9:10 They took furnace ashes and stood before Pharaoh; Moses threw them into the air, and they caused sores to break out on people and animals.
Exodus 9:11 The magicians couldn't stay in front of Moses because of the sores, as the sores were on the magicians and all the Egyptians.
Exodus 9:12 God made Pharaoh's heart stubborn, and he didn't listen to them, just as God had told Moses.
Exodus 9:13 God told Moses, "Get up early in the morning, stand in front of Pharaoh, and tell him, 'God, the God of the Hebrews, says, "Let my people go, so they can worship me."'”
Exodus 9:14 I will now send all my diseases to you, your servants, and your people, so you will know there is no one like me in the whole world.
Exodus 9:15 I will now reach out my hand to strike you and your people with disease, and you will be removed from the earth.
Exodus 9:16 I made you strong for this reason: to show my power through you and to spread my name all over the world.
Exodus 9:17 Are you still proud against my people and refuse to let them go?
Exodus 9:18 Look, tomorrow at this time I will make a very terrible hailstorm happen, like none that has been in Egypt since it was founded until now.
Exodus 9:19 Go now and bring in your animals and everything you have in the fields. If any person or animal is left outside and not brought to a safe place, they will be hit by hail and die.
Exodus 9:20 Anyone who respected God's message among Pharaoh's officials brought their servants and animals inside the houses.
Exodus 9:21 The person who ignored God's word left their workers and animals outside.
Exodus 9:22 God told Moses, "Reach out your hand to the sky so that hail falls over all of Egypt—on people, animals, and every plant in the fields."
Exodus 9:23 Moses raised his staff to the sky, and God made thunder and hail, and fire moved along the ground; and God poured down hail on Egypt.
Exodus 9:24 There was hail and fire mixed with the hail, very terrible, like nothing ever seen in Egypt since it became a country.
Exodus 9:25 The hail hit all over Egypt, hurting people and animals outdoors, and it damaged all the plants and broke all the trees in the fields.
Exodus 9:26 In Goshen, where the Israelites lived, there was no hail.
Exodus 9:27 The king sent for Moses and Aaron, and said to them, I did wrong this time: God is right, and I and my people are bad.
Exodus 9:28 Ask God, because it's enough, to stop the powerful thunder and hail; then I'll let you go, and you won't have to stay longer.
Exodus 9:29 Moses said to him, "Once I leave the city, I will raise my hands to God; the thunder will stop and there will be no more hail. This is to show you that the earth belongs to God."
Exodus 9:30 But I know that you and your servants do not yet fear God.
Exodus 9:31 The flax and barley were destroyed because the barley had heads and the flax had buds.
Exodus 9:32 The wheat and the rye were not damaged because they had not yet grown.
Exodus 9:33 Moses left the city, away from Pharaoh, and reached out his hands to God. Then the thunder and hail stopped, and the rain no longer fell on the land.
Exodus 9:34 When the king saw that the rain, hail, and thunder had stopped, he sinned even more and became more stubborn, along with his officials.
Exodus 9:35 Pharaoh's heart was stubborn, and he wouldn't let the Israelites go, just as God had said through Moses.

Exodus 10:1 God said to Moses, "Go to the Pharaoh, because I have made his heart and his servants' hearts stubborn, so I can display my miracles to them."
Exodus 10:2 So you can tell your son and grandson about what I did in Egypt, and the signs I showed them; so you will know that I am God.
Exodus 10:3 Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and said, "God of the Hebrews asks, 'How long will you not humble yourself before me? Let my people go to serve me.'"
Exodus 10:4 If you don't let my people go, tomorrow I will bring locusts into your land.
Exodus 10:5 They will spread across the land so no one can see the ground. They will eat what's left after the hail and consume every tree that grows in your fields.
Exodus 10:6 They will fill your houses, the houses of your servants, and the houses of all Egyptians in a way your ancestors or their ancestors have never seen before. After saying this, he left Pharaoh's presence.
Exodus 10:7 Pharaoh's officials said to him, "How long will this man trap us? Let the men go to worship their God. Don't you realize that Egypt is ruined?"
Exodus 10:8 Moses and Aaron were taken back to Pharaoh, and he said to them, "Go, worship your God. But who will go?"
Exodus 10:9 Moses said, "We will go with our young and old, our sons and daughters, and our animals; because we have to celebrate a feast for God."
Exodus 10:10 He told them, "May God be with you, like I will let you and your children go. Be careful; danger is ahead of you."
Exodus 10:11 No, only the men can go and worship God, as you asked. Then they were forced to leave Pharaoh's presence.
Exodus 10:12 God told Moses, "Reach out your hand over Egypt to bring locusts, so they can cover the land and eat every plant, including what the hail has spared."
Exodus 10:13 Moses held out his stick over Egypt, and God sent an east wind across the land all day and night; when morning came, the east wind brought locusts.
Exodus 10:14 The locusts covered all of Egypt and settled everywhere. They were terrible; no other locusts like them had ever been seen before, nor would there ever be again.
Exodus 10:15 They spread over the whole earth, making the land dark; they ate every plant and all the fruit the hail had left. There was no green left on the trees or plants in the fields in Egypt.
Exodus 10:16 Then Pharaoh quickly called for Moses and Aaron; he said, "I have sinned against your God and against you."
Exodus 10:17 Please forgive my sin just this time, and ask God to stop this death from happening to me.
Exodus 10:18 He left Pharaoh and prayed to God.
Exodus 10:19 God sent a powerful west wind that blew the locusts away and into the Red Sea; not a single locust was left in Egypt.
Exodus 10:20 God made Pharaoh's heart stubborn, so he wouldn't let the Israelites go.
Exodus 10:21 God told Moses, "Reach out your hand toward the sky so that darkness spreads over Egypt, a darkness that can be touched."
Exodus 10:22 Moses reached out his hand toward the sky, and there was a deep darkness over all of Egypt for three days.
Exodus 10:23 They couldn't see each other, and nobody left their spot for three days; but all the Israelites had light where they lived.
Exodus 10:24 The Pharaoh called Moses and said, "Go and worship God; but leave your sheep and cattle behind. Take your children with you."
Exodus 10:25 And Moses said, You must give us sacrifices and burnt offerings so we can offer them to God.
Exodus 10:26 We will take our animals with us; not a single hoof will be left behind; we need them to worship God; and we don't know what we will need to worship God until we get there.
Exodus 10:27 God made Pharaoh's heart stubborn, and he refused to let them go.
Exodus 10:28 Pharaoh said to him, "Go away from me, be careful, and don't see me again; because the day you see my face, you will die."
Exodus 10:29 Moses said, "You've spoken well, I won't see you again."

Exodus 11:1 God told Moses, "I will send one more plague on Pharaoh and Egypt. After that, he will let you leave this place. When he lets you go, he will really force you all out."
Exodus 11:2 Tell the people to ask their neighbors, both men and women, for silver and gold jewelry.
Exodus 11:3 God made the Egyptians like the people. Also, Moses was very important in Egypt to Pharaoh's officials and the people.
Exodus 11:4 Moses said, "God says, 'Around midnight, I will go through Egypt.'"
Exodus 11:5 Every first child in Egypt will die, from the Pharaoh's first child on his throne to the servant girl's first child working at the mill; and every first child of the animals too.
Exodus 11:6 A terrible scream will spread across Egypt like never before and will never be heard again.
Exodus 11:7 No dog will bark at any Israelite, person or animal, so you will see that God treats Israel differently from Egypt.
Exodus 11:8 All your servants will come to me and bow down, saying, 'Leave, with all who follow you.' After that, I'll go. And he left Pharaoh, very angry.
Exodus 11:9 God told Moses, Pharaoh won't listen to you; this is so I can do many amazing things in Egypt.
Exodus 11:10 Moses and Aaron did all these miracles in front of Pharaoh, but God made Pharaoh's heart stubborn, so he wouldn't let the Israelites leave his country.

Exodus 12:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron in Egypt, saying,
Exodus 12:2 This month will be the start of months for you: It will be your first month of the year.
Exodus 12:3 Tell all the people of Israel that on the tenth day of this month, each family must choose a lamb for their household.
Exodus 12:4 If the family is too small for a whole lamb, they must share with a nearby neighbor based on the number of people. Everyone should have enough lamb to eat.
Exodus 12:5 Choose a one-year-old male lamb without any defects, from either the sheep or the goats.
Exodus 12:6 You must keep it until the fourteenth day of the month. Then the whole community of Israel will slaughter it at twilight.
Exodus 12:7 They will take some of the blood and put it on the two side posts and above the door frame of the houses where they will eat it.
Exodus 12:8 They will eat the meat that night, cooked over fire, along with bread without yeast and bitter herbs.
Exodus 12:9 Do not eat it raw or boiled in water, but roast it over a fire with its head, legs, and inner parts.
Exodus 12:10 Do not leave any of it until morning; whatever is left until morning, you must burn.
Exodus 12:11 Eat it ready to travel, with belts on, shoes on your feet, and staffs in hand. Eat quickly, it is God's Passover.
Exodus 12:12 Tonight, I will go through Egypt and strike down every firstborn, both people and animals, and I will judge all the gods of Egypt. I am God.
Exodus 12:13 The blood will be a sign on the houses where you are. When I see the blood, I will pass over you. The plague will not touch you to destroy you when I strike Egypt.
Exodus 12:14 Remember this day and celebrate it as a feast to God for all generations; it is a forever feast by God's rule.
Exodus 12:15 Eat bread without yeast for seven days; on the first day, remove all yeast from your homes. Anyone who eats bread with yeast from the first to the seventh day will be separated from Israel.
Exodus 12:16 On the first day, you will have a special gathering, and on the seventh day, another special gathering. You must not do any work on those days, except for preparing food that everyone needs to eat.
Exodus 12:17 You must celebrate the Feast of Unleavened Bread because on this very day I led your groups out of Egypt. So, you must keep this day as a lasting rule for all time in your generations.
Exodus 12:18 On the fourteenth day of the first month at evening, you must eat bread without yeast until the evening of the twenty-first day of the month.
Exodus 12:19 For seven days, you must not have any yeast in your homes. Anyone who eats anything with yeast will be separated from the community of Israel, whether they are a visitor or born in the country.
Exodus 12:20 You must not eat anything with yeast; in all the places you live, eat bread without yeast.
Exodus 12:21 Moses gathered all the Israelite leaders and said to them, "Pick out and take a lamb for each family, and slaughter it for the Passover."
Exodus 12:22 Take a bunch of hyssop, dip it in the blood in the bowl, and touch the top and both sides of the doorframe with the blood in the bowl. Do not leave your house until morning.
Exodus 12:23 God will go through to hit the Egyptians; and when He sees the blood on the top and sides of the door frame, God will skip the door, and won't let the destroyer enter your homes to hit you.
Exodus 12:24 You must always follow this rule, you and your children.
Exodus 12:25 When you arrive in the land that God will give you, as He promised, you must perform this service.
Exodus 12:26 When your children ask you, "What does this service mean to you?"
Exodus 12:27 You should say, "It is the sacrifice of God's Passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he struck the Egyptians and saved our houses." And the people bowed their heads and worshiped.
Exodus 12:28 The Israelites left and did what God told Moses and Aaron to do.
Exodus 12:29 At midnight, God struck down every firstborn in Egypt, from Pharaoh's firstborn who sat on his throne to the firstborn of the prisoner in the dungeon; and every firstborn of the animals too.
Exodus 12:30 Pharaoh and all his officials and Egyptians got up during the night, and there was loud crying in Egypt because every house had someone who had died.
Exodus 12:31 During the night, he asked Moses and Aaron to come and told them, "Get up, leave my people with all of you and the Israelites, and go worship God, as you wanted."
Exodus 12:32 Take your livestock and your cattle, as you mentioned, and leave; and give me a blessing too.
Exodus 12:33 The Egyptians strongly urged the people to hurry and leave the land because they said, "We are all going to die."
Exodus 12:34 The people took their dough before it rose, their kneading bowls wrapped in their clothes on their shoulders.
Exodus 12:35 The Israelites did what Moses told them; they asked the Egyptians for silver and gold jewelry and clothes.
Exodus 12:36 God made the Egyptians kind to the people, so they borrowed what they needed. And they took valuable things from the Egyptians.
Exodus 12:37 The Israelites traveled from Rameses to Succoth, with about six hundred thousand men walking, not counting children.
Exodus 12:38 A diverse group also went with them, along with flocks, herds, and many cattle.
Exodus 12:39 They made flat bread without yeast from the dough they took from Egypt. It was unleavened because they had to leave Egypt quickly and had no time to wait or prepare food.
Exodus 12:40 The time the Israelites lived in Egypt was 430 years.
Exodus 12:41 On the very day after 430 years, all of God's people left Egypt.
Exodus 12:42 This is a special night to honor God for leading them out of Egypt: this is the night for all Israelites to remember throughout their generations.
Exodus 12:43 God told Moses and Aaron, "This is the rule of the Passover: No outsider may eat it."
Exodus 12:44 If you buy a man as a servant, after you circumcise him, he can eat of it.
Exodus 12:45 A foreigner and a paid worker shall not eat it.
Exodus 12:46 Eat it in one house; do not take any of the meat outside; and do not break any of its bones.
Exodus 12:47 Every group in Israel must celebrate it.
Exodus 12:48 When a foreigner stays with you and wants to celebrate the Passover to God, have all his males circumcised. Then he can join in and celebrate. He will be like someone born in the country. No uncircumcised person may eat the Passover meal.
Exodus 12:49 The same law applies to everyone born at home and to foreigners living with you.
Exodus 12:50 All the Israelites did as God told Moses and Aaron to do.
Exodus 12:51 On that very day, God led the people of Israel out of Egypt, organized by their groups.

Exodus 13:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 13:2 Set apart for me every firstborn, every first child or animal born among the Israelites: it belongs to me.
Exodus 13:3 Moses told the people, "Remember this day when you left Egypt, the place of slavery. God freed you with his powerful hand: do not eat bread with yeast."
Exodus 13:4 Today you left in the month of Abib.
Exodus 13:5 When God brings you to the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which he promised to your ancestors to give you, a land rich with milk and honey, you must do this service in this month.
Exodus 13:6 Eat bread without yeast for seven days, and on the seventh day there will be a celebration for God.
Exodus 13:7 Eat bread without yeast for seven days; no bread with yeast should be with you, nor yeast anywhere in your living areas.
Exodus 13:8 On that day, you will explain to your son, saying, "We do this because of what God did for me when I left Egypt."
Exodus 13:9 This will be a sign on your hand and a reminder on your forehead to keep God's law in your words, because God freed you from Egypt with great power.
Exodus 13:10 You should therefore follow this rule at the right time every year.
Exodus 13:11 When God brings you to the land of the Canaanites, as he promised you and your ancestors, and gives it to you,
Exodus 13:12 You must dedicate to God everything that is the first to come from a mother, and every firstborn male animal you have; these males belong to God.
Exodus 13:13 You must trade a lamb for every firstborn donkey; if you choose not to trade, then you must kill the donkey. You must also trade for every firstborn child.
Exodus 13:14 When your son asks you in the future, "What is this?" you will tell him, "God freed us from Egypt, where we were slaves, with a strong hand."
Exodus 13:15 When Pharaoh almost didn't let us leave, God killed all the firstborn in Egypt, both people and animals. That's why I sacrifice to God all male firstborn livestock, but I save my firstborn sons.
Exodus 13:16 It will be a sign on your hand and a reminder between your eyes because with strong hand, God brought us out of Egypt.
Exodus 13:17 When Pharaoh let the people go, God did not lead them through the Philistine land, even though it was close. God thought, "Maybe the people will change their minds when they see war and go back to Egypt."
Exodus 13:18 God guided the people through the desert toward the Red Sea, and the Israelites left Egypt prepared for battle.
Exodus 13:19 Moses took Joseph's bones with him because Joseph had made the Israelites promise, saying, "God will definitely come to help you, and you must take my bones from here with you."
Exodus 13:20 They traveled from Succoth and camped at Etham, on the border of the wilderness.
Exodus 13:21 God led them during the day with a cloud pillar to show the way; and at night with a fire pillar to give them light, so they could travel day and night.
Exodus 13:22 He did not remove the cloud pillar by day or the fire pillar by night from in front of the people.

Exodus 14:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 14:2 Tell the Israelites to go and camp in front of Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the sea, across from Baalzephon; you should camp by the sea in front of it.
Exodus 14:3 The Pharaoh will think that the Israelites are trapped in the land, with the wilderness closing them in.
Exodus 14:4 I will make Pharaoh's heart stubborn, so he will chase them; and I will gain respect through Pharaoh and his army. Then the Egyptians will understand that I am God. And they did this.
Exodus 14:5 The king of Egypt was told that the people had escaped. Pharaoh and his officials changed their minds about the people and said, "Why did we let Israel leave and stop serving us?"
Exodus 14:6 He prepared his chariot and took his followers with him.
Exodus 14:7 He took six hundred select chariots, all of Egypt's chariots, and leaders for each one.
Exodus 14:8 God made the heart of Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, stubborn, and he chased the Israelites. But the Israelites left boldly.
Exodus 14:9 The Egyptians chased them with all of Pharaoh's horses, chariots, riders, and army, and caught up to them as they camped by the sea near Pihahiroth, in front of Baalzephon.
Exodus 14:10 When the king of Egypt came close, the Israelites looked up and saw the Egyptians coming after them. They were very scared and called out to God for help.
Exodus 14:11 They asked Moses, "Were there no graves in Egypt? Have you brought us to the desert to die? Why did you do this to us, taking us out of Egypt?"
Exodus 14:12 Didn't we tell you in Egypt to leave us alone so we could serve the Egyptians? It would have been better for us to serve the Egyptians than to die in the desert.
Exodus 14:13 Moses told the people, "Don't be afraid. Stand firm and you will see how God will save you today. You won't ever see the Egyptians you're seeing today again."
Exodus 14:14 God will fight for you; you must be quiet.
Exodus 14:15 God said to Moses, "Why are you crying out to me? Tell the Israelites to move forward."
Exodus 14:16 Raise your staff and reach out your hand over the sea to split it, so the Israelites can walk on dry land through the sea.
Exodus 14:17 I will make the Egyptians very stubborn, and they will chase after the Israelites. But I will be honored through Pharaoh and his entire army, his chariots, and his horsemen.
Exodus 14:18 The Egyptians will know that I am God when I gain honor through Pharaoh, his chariots, and his horsemen.
Exodus 14:19 God's angel, who had been leading Israel's camp, moved and went behind them. The cloud pillar also moved from in front of them and stood behind them.
Exodus 14:20 The cloud stood between the Egyptians and the Israelites. It was dark for the Egyptians but at night it lit up for the Israelites. So they did not come close to each other all night.
Exodus 14:21 Moses reached out his hand over the sea; and God made the sea pull back with a strong east wind all night, turned the sea into dry ground, and split the waters apart.
Exodus 14:22 The Israelites walked into the middle of the sea on dry land, with water like walls to their right and left.
Exodus 14:23 The Egyptians chased them and followed them into the middle of the sea with all Pharaoh's horses, chariots, and riders.
Exodus 14:24 During the morning watch, God saw the Egyptian army through the fire pillar and cloud and disturbed the Egyptian army.
Exodus 14:25 They removed their chariot wheels, making them hard to drive, so the Egyptians said, "Let's run away from Israel; God is fighting for them against us."
Exodus 14:26 God told Moses, "Reach out your hand over the sea so the water comes back on the Egyptians, their chariots, and their horsemen."
Exodus 14:27 Moses reached out his hand over the sea, and the sea became strong again at sunrise; the Egyptians ran from it, and God defeated the Egyptians in the sea.
Exodus 14:28 The waters flowed back and covered the chariots, the riders, and all of Pharaoh's army that had followed them into the sea; not even one of them was left.
Exodus 14:29 The Israelites walked on dry ground through the sea, with water like a wall on their right and left.
Exodus 14:30 So God rescued Israel from the Egyptians that day, and Israel saw the dead Egyptians on the seashore.
Exodus 14:31 Israel saw the amazing thing God did to the Egyptians; the people were afraid of God, and they trusted God and his servant Moses.

Exodus 15:1 Moses and the Israelites sang this song to God, saying, "I will sing to God because he has won a great victory: he has thrown the horse and its rider into the sea."
Exodus 15:2 God gives me strength and joy; he saves me. He is my God, and I will make a home for him; he's the God of my ancestors, and I will lift him high.
Exodus 15:3 God is a warrior; God is his name.
Exodus 15:4 God threw Pharaoh's chariots and army into the sea: even his top leaders are drowned in the Red Sea.
Exodus 15:5 The waters covered them; they sank deep down like a stone.
Exodus 15:6 Your right hand, God, is mighty and wonderful; your right hand, God, has crushed the enemy.
Exodus 15:7 In your great excellence, you threw down those who opposed you: you unleashed your anger, which burned them up like dry grass.
Exodus 15:8 With your strong breath, the waters piled up, the flowing waters stood still like a mound, and the sea's depths became solid.
Exodus 15:9 The enemy said, "I will chase, catch up, and share the goods; I will be fully satisfied with them; I will pull out my sword, and my hand will defeat them."
Exodus 15:10 You blew with your wind, and the sea covered them. They sank like lead in the powerful waters.
Exodus 15:11 Who is like you, God, among the gods? Who is as glorious and holy, awesome in praise, doing amazing things?
Exodus 15:12 You reached out your right hand, the earth swallowed them up.
Exodus 15:13 In your mercy, you have led the people you saved; you have guided them with your strength to your holy home.
Exodus 15:14 People will hear and be scared; sadness will grip those living in Palestine.
Exodus 15:15 The leaders of Edom will be shocked; the strong people of Moab will shake with fear; everyone in Canaan will lose their courage.
Exodus 15:16 They will be very afraid and scared because of your powerful arm; they will be so still like a stone until your people go by, God, until the people you have chosen go by.
Exodus 15:17 You will bring them and plant them on your own mountain, the place you made for yourself to live, God, in the sanctuary you have built with your hands.
Exodus 15:18 God will rule forever and ever.
Exodus 15:19 Pharaoh's horses, chariots, and riders entered the sea, and God made the sea's waters flow back over them; but the Israelites walked on dry ground through the sea.
Exodus 15:20 Miriam the prophetess, Aaron's sister, held a tambourine and all the women followed her, playing tambourines and dancing.
Exodus 15:21 And Miriam replied, "Sing to God, for He has won a great victory; He has thrown the horse and its rider into the sea."
Exodus 15:22 Moses led Israel from the Red Sea into the Shur desert. They traveled for three days without finding water.
Exodus 15:23 When they arrived at Marah, they couldn't drink the water because it was bitter. That's why it was named Marah.
Exodus 15:24 The people complained to Moses, asking, "What will we drink?"
Exodus 15:25 He called out to God, and God showed him a tree. When he threw it into the water, the water became sweet. There he gave them a rule and a law, and there he tested them.
Exodus 15:26 If you listen carefully to God's voice and do what is right to him, obey his commands, and follow all his rules, I will not bring any of these diseases on you that I gave to the Egyptians, because I am God who heals you.
Exodus 15:27 They arrived at Elim, where there were twelve water wells and seventy palm trees, and they camped there by the water.

Exodus 16:1 They left Elim, and all the Israelites reached the Sin desert, between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month since leaving Egypt.
Exodus 16:2 The whole group of Israel's people complained against Moses and Aaron in the desert.
Exodus 16:3 The Israelites said to them, "We wish we had died by God's hand in Egypt, where we sat around pots of meat and ate all the bread we wanted. You have led us into this desert to starve us all to death."
Exodus 16:4 God told Moses, "Look, I will make bread fall from the sky for you. Every day the people must go out and collect what they need for that day. This is to test if they will follow my rules or not."
Exodus 16:5 On the sixth day, they will get ready what they have collected; it will be twice as much as they gather each day.
Exodus 16:6 Moses and Aaron told all the Israelites, "In the evening, you will know that God has taken you out of Egypt."
Exodus 16:7 In the morning, you will see God's glory because he has heard your complaints against him: and who are we that you complain against us?
Exodus 16:8 Moses said, "This will happen when God gives you meat to eat in the evening and all the bread you need in the morning; because God hears your complaints which you make against him. And who are we? Your complaints are not against us, but against God."
Exodus 16:9 Moses told Aaron, "Tell all the Israelites to come before God, because he has heard your complaints."
Exodus 16:10 As Aaron was talking to all of Israel's people, they looked at the desert and saw God's glory in the cloud.
Exodus 16:11 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 16:12 I have heard the Israelites complaining. Tell them, 'In the evening you will eat meat, and in the morning you will have all the bread you want. Then you will understand that I am God, your God.'
Exodus 16:13 In the evening, quails flew in and spread over the camp; and in the morning, dew was all around the people.
Exodus 16:14 When the dew disappeared, there was a small, round substance on the desert ground, as tiny as frost.
Exodus 16:15 When the Israelites saw it, they asked each other, "What is it?" because they didn't know what it was. Then Moses told them, "This is the food that God has given you to eat."
Exodus 16:16 God has ordered this: Each person should collect as much as they need to eat, one omer per person, based on the number of people in your tent.
Exodus 16:17 The Israelites did this and collected food, some gathering more, others less.
Exodus 16:18 When they measured it with an omer, those who collected a lot had no extra, and those who collected a little had enough. Each person gathered as much as they needed to eat.
Exodus 16:19 Moses said, "Don't let anyone keep any of it until morning."
Exodus 16:20 Even though they did not listen to Moses, some people kept some until morning, and it got worms and smelled bad; and Moses was angry with them.
Exodus 16:21 They collected it every morning, each person as much as they needed; and when the sun got hot, it melted.
Exodus 16:22 On the sixth day, they collected double the bread, two omers per person, and the leaders of the group told Moses about it.
Exodus 16:23 He told them, "This is what God has said, 'Tomorrow is the Sabbath rest, a holy day for God: cook what you want to cook today, and boil what you want to boil; keep any leftovers to eat tomorrow morning.'"
Exodus 16:24 They kept it until morning, as Moses instructed, and it didn't smell bad or have any worms in it.
Exodus 16:25 Moses said, "Eat that today; for today is a Sabbath to God: you will not find it in the field today."
Exodus 16:26 Gather food for six days, but on the seventh day, the Sabbath, there will be none.
Exodus 16:27 It happened that on the seventh day some people went out to collect food, but they found nothing.
Exodus 16:28 God asked Moses, "How long will you refuse to follow my commands and laws?"
Exodus 16:29 Look, because God has given you the Sabbath, he gives you two days' worth of bread on the sixth day; stay where you are, nobody should leave their place on the seventh day.
Exodus 16:30 The people rested on the seventh day.
Exodus 16:31 The people of Israel named it Manna; it was like white coriander seed and tasted like honey cakes.
Exodus 16:32 Moses said, "This is what God commands: Take a full omer to save for future generations, so they can see the bread I gave you in the desert when I led you out of Egypt."
Exodus 16:33 Moses said to Aaron, "Take a jar, put a full omer of manna in it, and place it before God to save for your descendants."
Exodus 16:34 As God directed Moses, Aaron put it in front of the Testimony to be preserved.
Exodus 16:35 The Israelites ate manna for forty years, until they reached an area where people lived; they ate manna until they got to the edge of Canaan.
Exodus 16:36 An omer is one-tenth of an ephah.

Exodus 17:1 The whole group of Israel's children traveled from the Sin desert, moving as God had told them, and they camped at Rephidim, but there was no water for them to drink.
Exodus 17:2 So the people argued with Moses and said, "Give us water to drink." And Moses replied, "Why are you arguing with me? Why are you testing God?"
Exodus 17:3 The people were thirsty for water there, and they complained to Moses, saying, "Why did you bring us out of Egypt to die of thirst, along with our children and animals?"
Exodus 17:4 Moses cried out to God, saying, "What should I do for these people? They are almost ready to stone me."
Exodus 17:5 God told Moses, "Go ahead of the people and bring some of Israel's elders with you; also, take the staff you used to strike the river in your hand and go."
Exodus 17:6 Look, I will be in front of you on the rock at Horeb; hit the rock, and water will come out so the people can drink. Moses did this with the Israelite elders watching.
Exodus 17:7 He named the place Massah and Meribah because the Israelites argued and tested God by asking, "Is God with us or not?"
Exodus 17:8 Amalek came and battled with Israel at Rephidim.
Exodus 17:9 Moses told Joshua, "Pick some men for us, and go fight Amalek. Tomorrow I'll stand on the hilltop with God's staff in my hand."
Exodus 17:10 Joshua did what Moses told him, and fought Amalek. Moses, Aaron, and Hur went to the top of the hill.
Exodus 17:11 When Moses raised his hand, Israel won; when he lowered his hand, Amalek won.
Exodus 17:12 Moses' hands were tired, so they placed a stone under him to sit on. Aaron and Hur helped hold up his hands, one on each side, and his hands stayed steady until sunset.
Exodus 17:13 Joshua defeated Amalek and his people with the sword.
Exodus 17:14 God told Moses, "Write this down as a reminder in a book and tell it to Joshua: I will completely erase the memory of Amalek from the earth."
Exodus 17:15 Moses built an altar and named it The Lord Is My Banner.
Exodus 17:16 He said, because God has promised that God will fight Amalek forever, generation after generation.

Exodus 18:1 When Jethro, the religious leader of Midian and Moses' father-in-law, heard about everything God had done for Moses and the people of Israel, and how God had led Israel out of Egypt;
Exodus 18:2 Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, brought back Zipporah, Moses' wife, after she had been sent away.
Exodus 18:3 She had two sons. The first was named Gershom, because he said, "I have been a foreigner in another country."
Exodus 18:4 The other's name was Eliezer, for he said, "My father's God was my helper and saved me from Pharaoh's sword."
Exodus 18:5 Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, came with his sons and wife to Moses in the desert, where he camped at God's mountain.
Exodus 18:6 He said to Moses, "I, your father-in-law Jethro, have come to you with your wife and her two sons."
Exodus 18:7 Moses went out to meet his father-in-law, bowed down, and kissed him; they asked about each other's well-being and then went into the tent.
Exodus 18:8 Moses told his father-in-law everything that God had done to Pharaoh and the Egyptians for Israel, all their troubles on the journey, and how God saved them.
Exodus 18:9 Jethro was happy about all the good things God did for Israel, saving them from the Egyptians.
Exodus 18:10 Jethro said, "Praise God, who has saved you from the Egyptians and Pharaoh, and has rescued the people from the Egyptians' control."
Exodus 18:11 Now I understand that God is greater than all gods, because where they acted with arrogance, He was superior.
Exodus 18:12 Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, brought a burnt offering and sacrifices to God. Aaron and all the leaders of Israel came to eat with him in God's presence.
Exodus 18:13 The next day, Moses took his place to make decisions for the people, and they stood around Moses from morning to evening.
Exodus 18:14 When Moses' father-in-law saw everything he was doing for the people, he asked, "What are you doing to the people? Why do you sit alone while everyone waits around you from morning to evening?"
Exodus 18:15 Moses told his father-in-law, "The people come to me to ask about God."
Exodus 18:16 When they have an issue, they come to me; and I decide between them, and I teach them God's rules and laws.
Exodus 18:17 Moses' father-in-law said to him, "What you are doing is not good."
Exodus 18:18 You will definitely become exhausted, both you and these people with you, because this task is too much for you; you can't do it all by yourself.
Exodus 18:19 Listen to me, I will advise you, and God will be with you: You be the people's representative before God, and bring their disputes to God.
Exodus 18:20 You should teach them the rules and laws, and show them the path they must follow, and the work they must do.
Exodus 18:21 Choose from all the people capable men who respect God, honest men who dislike greed, and appoint them as leaders over groups of one thousand, one hundred, fifty, and ten.
Exodus 18:22 Let them decide for the people at all times. They will handle big issues with you, but they will handle small ones themselves. This will make things easier for you, and they will share the work with you.
Exodus 18:23 If you do this and if God tells you to, then you will be able to keep going, and all these people will go home peacefully.
Exodus 18:24 Moses listened to his father-in-law and did everything he said.
Exodus 18:25 Moses picked skilled men from all Israel and appointed them as leaders of the people: chiefs over thousands, hundreds, fifties, and tens.
Exodus 18:26 They judged the people at all times: they took difficult cases to Moses, but they decided every small issue themselves.
Exodus 18:27 Moses allowed his father-in-law to leave, and he returned to his own country.

Exodus 19:1 In the third month, after Israel's people left Egypt, they arrived in the Sinai desert on that same day.
Exodus 19:2 They left Rephidim, came to the Sinai desert, and set up camp in the wilderness; there Israel camped at the mountain.
Exodus 19:3 Moses went up to meet God, and God called to him from the mountain, 'This is what you must tell the people of Jacob and say to the Israelites:
Exodus 19:4 You saw what I did to the Egyptians, how I carried you on eagle's wings, and brought you to me.
Exodus 19:5 So now, if you really listen to my voice and keep my agreement, you will be a special treasure for me above everyone because the whole earth is mine.
Exodus 19:6 You will be for me a kingdom of priests and a sacred nation. These are the words you must tell the people of Israel.
Exodus 19:7 Moses came and gathered the leaders of the people, and told them all the words that God had commanded him.
Exodus 19:8 All the people answered at once, saying, "We will do everything God has said." Moses told God what the people said.
Exodus 19:9 God said to Moses, "Look, I will come to you in a dense cloud so the people can hear me talking with you and will always trust you." Then Moses reported to God what the people had said.
Exodus 19:10 God told Moses, "Go to the people, make them holy today and tomorrow, and have them wash their clothes."
Exodus 19:11 Be prepared for the third day because on that day God will come down where everyone can see on Mount Sinai.
Exodus 19:12 Set limits for the people all around, and say, 'Be careful not to go up the mountain or touch its edge. Anyone who touches the mountain will certainly be put to death.'
Exodus 19:13 No one should touch it, or they must be stoned or shot. Whether animal or person, they must not survive. When the trumpet sounds a long blast, they can go up the mountain.
Exodus 19:14 Moses went down from the mountain to the people, made them holy, and they washed their clothes.
Exodus 19:15 He told the people, "Get ready for the third day and do not go near your wives."
Exodus 19:16 On the third morning, there were thunders and lightning, a thick cloud over the mountain, and a very loud trumpet sound; all the people in the camp shook with fear.
Exodus 19:17 Moses led the people out of the camp to meet God; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain.
Exodus 19:18 Mount Sinai was completely covered in smoke because God came down on it in fire, and the smoke rose like from a furnace, making the whole mountain shake a lot.
Exodus 19:19 When the trumpet sound grew long and louder, Moses spoke and God replied with a voice.
Exodus 19:20 God came down to the top of Mount Sinai and called Moses to the top; and Moses went up.
Exodus 19:21 God told Moses, "Go down and warn the people not to force their way through to see God, or many of them will die."
Exodus 19:22 Let the priests who approach God make themselves pure, so God doesn't come forcefully upon them.
Exodus 19:23 Moses said to God, "The people can't come up to Mount Sinai because you told us to put limits around the mountain and make it holy."
Exodus 19:24 God told him, "Go down, then come back up with Aaron. But the priests and people must not force their way up to God, or he will punish them."
Exodus 19:25 Moses went down to the people and spoke to them.

Exodus 20:1 God said all these words:
Exodus 20:2 I am God, your God, who brought you out from Egypt, from the place where you were slaves.
Exodus 20:3 You should not worship any other gods but me.
Exodus 20:4 Do not make for yourself any carved idol, or any picture of anything in the sky above, or on the earth below, or in the water under the earth.
Exodus 20:5 Do not bow down to them or serve them; for I, your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me.
Exodus 20:6 I show kindness to thousands who love me and follow my rules.
Exodus 20:7 Do not use God's name for no good reason; God will not let anyone who misuses his name go unpunished.
Exodus 20:8 Remember the day of rest, to keep it special.
Exodus 20:9 Work for six days and do all your tasks.
Exodus 20:10 The seventh day is a rest day for God. On that day, you or your son, daughter, servants, animals, or any guest in your home, should not do any work.
Exodus 20:11 In six days, God created the sky, the earth, the sea, and everything in them, and rested on the seventh day; therefore, God blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy.
Exodus 20:12 Respect your father and your mother so you may live a long time in the land God gives you.
Exodus 20:13 Do not kill.
Exodus 20:14 Do not cheat on your spouse.
Exodus 20:15 Do not steal.
Exodus 20:16 Do not tell lies about others.
Exodus 20:17 Do not want your neighbor's house, do not want your neighbor's wife, their worker, their helper, their ox, their donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.
Exodus 20:18 Everyone saw the thunder, the lightning, the sound of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking; when they saw this, they moved back and stood far away.
Exodus 20:19 They said to Moses, "You talk to us, and we will listen, but don't let God talk to us, or we might die."
Exodus 20:20 Moses told the people, "Don't be afraid. God has come to test you, so that you will respect him and not sin."
Exodus 20:21 The people stayed far away, while Moses went close to the deep darkness where God was.
Exodus 20:22 God told Moses, "Tell the people of Israel, 'You have seen that I have spoken to you from heaven.'"
Exodus 20:23 Do not make silver gods to be with me, and do not make gold gods for yourselves.
Exodus 20:24 Make an earth altar for me and sacrifice your burnt offerings and peace offerings, your sheep and cattle on it. Wherever I make my name known, I'll come to you and bless you.
Exodus 20:25 If you make me an altar of stone, do not use cut stones: if you use tools on it, you make it unclean.
Exodus 20:26 Do not climb steps to my altar, so your nakedness is not exposed.

Exodus 21:1 Here are the rules that you should give to them.
Exodus 21:2 If you buy a Hebrew servant, he must work for six years; but in the seventh year, he will be set free without paying anything.
Exodus 21:3 If he entered alone, he will leave alone; if he was married, his wife will leave with him.
Exodus 21:4 If his master gave him a wife, and she had sons or daughters; the wife and her children belong to her master, and he will leave alone.
Exodus 21:5 If the servant clearly says, "I love my master, my wife, and my children; I don't want to be set free":
Exodus 21:6 The owner must take him to the authorities; he will take him to the door or doorpost. There, the owner must pierce his ear with a tool, and he will work for his owner always.
Exodus 21:7 If a man sells his daughter as a servant, she should not leave like the male servants.
Exodus 21:8 If her master is not happy with her and does not make her his wife, he must allow her to be bought back. He cannot sell her to foreigners because he was not honest with her.
Exodus 21:9 If he has promised her to his son, he should treat her like his own daughter.
Exodus 21:10 If he marries another woman, he must not reduce the first one's food, clothes, or marital rights.
Exodus 21:11 If he does not do these three things for her, then she can go free without paying anything.
Exodus 21:12 Whoever hits a person and kills them must be put to death.
Exodus 21:13 If a man doesn't plan to harm someone, but it happens by accident, I will choose a safe place for him to go.
Exodus 21:14 If someone deliberately attacks and kills another person, take them away from my altar so they can be put to death.
Exodus 21:15 Anyone who hits their father or mother must be put to death.
Exodus 21:16 Whoever steals a person and sells them, or is caught with them, must be put to death.
Exodus 21:17 Whoever curses their father or mother must be put to death.
Exodus 21:18 If men fight and one hits the other with a stone or his fist and the injured man doesn't die but has to stay in bed:
Exodus 21:19 If he gets up and walks around with a cane, then the one who hit him is not guilty. But he must pay for the injured person's lost time and make sure he is completely healed.
Exodus 21:20 If someone hits their servant, male or female, with a rod and the servant dies, the owner must be punished.
Exodus 21:21 However, if the slave survives a day or two, no punishment will happen, because the slave is his owner's property.
Exodus 21:22 If men fight and injure a pregnant woman so that she gives birth prematurely but there is no serious harm, the man must be fined whatever the woman's husband demands and the court allows.
Exodus 21:23 If harm follows, then you must give a life for a life.
Exodus 21:24 Give an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a hand for a hand, a foot for a foot.
Exodus 21:25 Burn for burn, cut for cut, bruise for bruise.
Exodus 21:26 If someone hurts their servant's eye and it is destroyed, they must set the servant free to make up for the lost eye.
Exodus 21:27 If he knocks out his male or female servant's tooth, he must let them go free because of the tooth.
Exodus 21:28 If an ox hurts a man or a woman so they die, the ox must be stoned to death, and no one can eat its meat; but the owner of the ox is not to blame.
Exodus 21:29 If the ox had a habit of attacking with its horn before, and its owner was warned but did not keep it secure, and the ox killed a man or woman, the ox must be stoned and the owner must be put to death.
Exodus 21:30 If he must pay money, he must pay to save his life whatever amount is required.
Exodus 21:31 If the ox hurts a boy or a girl, the same rule will apply to the owner.
Exodus 21:32 If an ox injures a male or female servant, the owner must pay the servant's master thirty silver coins, and the ox must be killed with stones.
Exodus 21:33 If someone digs a hole and doesn't cover it and a cow or donkey falls into it,
Exodus 21:34 The person who owns the pit must pay for the damages and compensate the owner of the animals; the dead animal will then belong to the person who owned the pit.
Exodus 21:35 If one person's ox injures another's ox and it dies, they must sell the live ox and split the money, and they must also split the dead ox.
Exodus 21:36 If it's known that the ox often pushed before, and its owner didn't keep it secured, he must pay an ox for the ox; the dead ox will belong to him.

Exodus 22:1 If someone steals a cow or a sheep, and kills or sells it, they must give back five cows for a cow, and four sheep for a sheep.
Exodus 22:2 If someone catches a thief breaking in and hits him so he dies, no one is guilty of his death.
Exodus 22:3 If the sun has risen when he is caught, he must pay for the harm he did. If he can't pay, he will be sold to make up for what he stole.
Exodus 22:4 If the stolen animal is found alive with him, whether an ox, a donkey, or a sheep, he must pay back twice as much.
Exodus 22:5 If someone lets their animal eat from another person's field or vineyard, they must pay back with the best from their own field or vineyard.
Exodus 22:6 If a fire starts and spreads to thorns, burning up piles of grain, standing grain, or fields, the person who started the fire must pay for the damage.
Exodus 22:7 If someone gives their neighbor money or items to look after, and they are stolen from the person's house; if the thief is caught, they must pay back twice as much.
Exodus 22:8 If the thief is not found, then the homeowner must go to the judges, to find out if he took his neighbor's belongings.
Exodus 22:9 For any kind of wrong, whether it's about an ox, a donkey, a sheep, clothing, or any lost item that someone claims as their own, both people involved should go to the judges. Whoever the judges decide is guilty must pay back their neighbor twice as much.
Exodus 22:10 If someone gives their neighbor a donkey, an ox, a sheep, or any animal to take care of, and it dies, gets injured, or is lost without anyone seeing it:
Exodus 22:11 Then they both must promise before God that he did not take his neighbor's belongings; the owner must accept this promise, and he will not have to replace them.
Exodus 22:12 If someone steals from him, he must pay back the owner.
Exodus 22:13 If an animal is torn apart, he must show the pieces as proof and he doesn't have to replace the animal that was killed.
Exodus 22:14 If someone borrows something from their neighbor and it gets damaged or dies while the owner is not present, the borrower must definitely replace it.
Exodus 22:15 If the owner is with the animal, he doesn't have to pay; if it's a rented animal, the loss is covered by the rental fee.
Exodus 22:16 If a man seduces a woman who is not engaged and sleeps with her, he must surely make her his wife by providing a dowry.
Exodus 22:17 If her father totally refuses to give her to him, he must pay money as is the custom for a virgin's dowry.
Exodus 22:18 Do not let a witch live.
Exodus 22:19 Anyone who has sexual relations with an animal must be put to death.
Exodus 22:20 Anyone who offers sacrifices to any god other than the God alone will be completely destroyed.
Exodus 22:21 Do not trouble or be harsh to a foreigner, because you were once foreigners in Egypt.
Exodus 22:22 Do not mistreat any widow or orphan.
Exodus 22:23 If you hurt them in any way and they call out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.
Exodus 22:24 I will become very angry and will kill you with the sword; your wives will become widows and your children will have no fathers.
Exodus 22:25 If you lend money to any of my people who are poor near you, you should not charge them interest.
Exodus 22:26 If you take your neighbor's clothes as a promise, you must return them before the sun sets.
Exodus 22:27 That is his only blanket, his clothing to cover his skin. What will he sleep in? When he calls to me, I will listen, because I am kind.
Exodus 22:28 Do not insult any gods, nor speak ill of your people's leader.
Exodus 22:29 Do not wait to give the first of your harvested fruits and drinks; you must give your firstborn sons to me.
Exodus 22:30 Treat your oxen and sheep the same way: they must stay with their mother for seven days; on the eighth day, you give them to me.
Exodus 22:31 You must be holy for me: do not eat any meat torn by animals in the fields; throw it to the dogs.

Exodus 23:1 Do not spread false rumors or join hands with the wicked to be an unfair witness.
Exodus 23:2 Do not follow a crowd to do wrong; nor should you agree with many to make unfair decisions.
Exodus 23:3 Do not favor a poor man in his case.
Exodus 23:4 If you find your enemy's ox or donkey lost, you must return it to him.
Exodus 23:5 If you see your enemy's donkey lying down under its load, and you might avoid helping, you must help anyway.
Exodus 23:6 Do not treat the poor unfairly in legal matters.
Exodus 23:7 Stay away from lies and don't kill innocent or good people because I will not let the guilty go unpunished.
Exodus 23:8 Do not accept any gifts; gifts blind the wise and twist the words of the good people.
Exodus 23:9 Do not treat foreigners badly because you know how it feels to be a foreigner, as you were foreigners in Egypt.
Exodus 23:10 For six years you should plant your land and collect its crops.
Exodus 23:11 In the seventh year, let the land rest and be still, so the poor can eat. Whatever they don't eat, the wild animals will. Do the same with your vineyard and olive grove.
Exodus 23:12 Work for six days, and rest on the seventh day, so your ox, donkey, your servant's child, and any foreigner can also rest and be refreshed.
Exodus 23:13 Be careful to follow everything I have told you, and do not talk about other gods or even mention their names.
Exodus 23:14 Celebrate a feast for me three times a year.
Exodus 23:15 You must celebrate the Feast of Unleavened Bread by eating bread without yeast for seven days, as I have told you, during the set time in the month of Abib, because that is when you left Egypt. No one should come to see me without bringing something.
Exodus 23:16 Celebrate the Harvest Festival when you first collect crops from the fields, and the Gathering Festival at the year's end when you gather your work from the fields.
Exodus 23:17 Three times a year, all your men must come before God.
Exodus 23:18 Do not give God a sacrifice mixed with yeast, and do not keep the fat from my offering until morning.
Exodus 23:19 Bring the first of your harvest to God's house. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk.
Exodus 23:20 Look, I am sending an Angel ahead of you to protect you on the journey and to lead you to the place I have prepared.
Exodus 23:21 Be careful around him, listen to what he says, and do not make him angry, because he will not forgive your wrongdoings; for he represents me.
Exodus 23:22 If you really listen to his voice and do everything I say, then I will be against your enemies and oppose those who oppose you.
Exodus 23:23 My angel will go ahead of you and lead you to the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Canaanites, Hivites, and Jebusites, and I will eliminate them.
Exodus 23:24 Do not bow down to their gods, do not serve them, or follow their ways; instead, you must completely destroy them and break their statues.
Exodus 23:25 You will serve God, and he will bless your food and your water; I will remove sickness from among you.
Exodus 23:26 No animal will miscarry or be infertile in your land; I will allow you to live a full life.
Exodus 23:27 I will make people afraid of you and destroy all the people you meet, and I will make all your enemies run away from you.
Exodus 23:28 I will send hornets ahead of you to chase away the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite.
Exodus 23:29 I will not force them out from in front of you in one year; if I do, the land may become empty, and the wild animals may become too many for you.
Exodus 23:30 Step by step, I will push them out before you, until you grow and take over the land.
Exodus 23:31 I will define your borders from the Red Sea to the Philistine Sea, and from the desert to the river. I will give the people living there to you, and you will force them out.
Exodus 23:32 Do not make a treaty with them or their gods.
Exodus 23:33 They must not live in your land, or they will make you sin against me; if you worship their gods, it will certainly trap you.

Exodus 24:1 He told Moses, "Go up to God, you, Aaron, Nadab, Abihu, and seventy of Israel's elders, and worship from a distance."
Exodus 24:2 Only Moses will go close to God; others will not, nor will the people go up with him.
Exodus 24:3 Moses told the people everything God said, including the laws. Everyone agreed and said, "We will do everything God has told us."
Exodus 24:4 Moses wrote down all of God's words. Early in the morning, he got up, built an altar at the foot of the mountain, and set up twelve stones for the twelve tribes of Israel.
Exodus 24:5 He sent young Israelites to present burnt offerings and sacrifice oxen as peace offerings to God.
Exodus 24:6 Moses took half of the blood, put it in bowls, and sprinkled the other half on the altar.
Exodus 24:7 He took the book of the agreement and read it to the people. They said, "We will do everything God has said and obey."
Exodus 24:8 Moses took the blood and sprinkled it on the people, saying, "Look, this is the blood of the agreement God has made with you about all these words."
Exodus 24:9 Moses, Aaron, Nadab, Abihu, and seventy elders from Israel went up.
Exodus 24:10 They saw the God of Israel: under his feet was something like a floor made of sapphire, as clear as the sky itself.
Exodus 24:11 God did not harm the leaders of the Israelites; they saw God, and they ate and drank.
Exodus 24:12 God said to Moses, "Come up to the mountain to me, and stay there. I will give you stone tablets, laws, and commands I have written, so you can teach them."
Exodus 24:13 Moses stood up with his helper Joshua and went up the mountain of God.
Exodus 24:14 He told the elders, "Stay here for us until we return to you. Aaron and Hur are with you; if anyone has any issues, they should go to them."
Exodus 24:15 Moses went up the mountain, and a cloud covered the mountain.
Exodus 24:16 God's brightness stayed on Mount Sinai, and a cloud hid it for six days. On the seventh day, He called to Moses from inside the cloud.
Exodus 24:17 The children of Israel saw the glory of God as a consuming fire on the mountaintop.
Exodus 24:18 Moses went into the cloud and climbed up the mountain, and he was on the mountain for forty days and nights.

Exodus 25:1 God spoke to Moses and said,
Exodus 25:2 Tell the people of Israel to give me an offering. You must accept the offering from anyone who gives it willingly from their heart.
Exodus 25:3 Give this as your offering: gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 25:4 And blue, purple, red, fine cloth, and goat hair.
Exodus 25:5 Red-dyed ram skins, badger skins, and acacia wood.
Exodus 25:6 Oil for the lamp, spices for the anointing oil, and for the sweet smelling incense.
Exodus 25:7 Onyx stones and stones for setting in the ephod and the breastplate.
Exodus 25:8 Let them build a holy place for me, so I can live with them.
Exodus 25:9 Follow exactly the design I show you for the tent and for all the equipment, and make them that way.
Exodus 25:10 Make an ark from acacia wood: it should be 2.5 cubits long, 1.5 cubits wide, and 1.5 cubits high.
Exodus 25:11 Cover it with pure gold inside and out, and put a gold rim around it.
Exodus 25:12 Make four gold rings for it and attach them to its four corners; two rings on one side and two on the other side.
Exodus 25:13 Make poles from acacia wood and cover them with gold.
Exodus 25:14 Put the poles through the rings on the sides of the chest to carry it with them.
Exodus 25:15 The poles must remain in the rings of the chest; they must not be removed.
Exodus 25:16 Put the laws I give you into the chest.
Exodus 25:17 Make a cover of pure gold, two and a half cubits long and one and a half cubits wide.
Exodus 25:18 Make two gold cherubs with hammered work at both ends of the cover.
Exodus 25:19 Make one angel on one end and another angel on the other end; you should make the angels from the same piece as the mercy seat, at its two ends. 

(Note: "Globish" typically refers to a simplified version of English designed to be understood by non-native speakers around the world, so the term "cherub" has been translated to "angel" for clarity.)
Exodus 25:20 The cherubim will spread out their wings above, shielding the mercy seat with their wings, and they will face each other; the cherubim's faces should be toward the mercy seat.
Exodus 25:21 Put the mercy seat on top of the ark, and inside the ark, put the laws I will give you.
Exodus 25:22 There I will meet with you, and I will talk to you from above the mercy seat, between the two cherubs on the ark of the testimony, about everything I command you for the people of Israel.
Exodus 25:23 Also make a table from acacia wood: it should be two cubits long, one cubit wide, and one and a half cubits high.
Exodus 25:24 Cover it with pure gold and add a gold border around it.
Exodus 25:25 Make a border one hand's width all around it, and put a gold rim around the border.
Exodus 25:26 Make four gold rings for it and attach them to its four corners at the four legs.
Exodus 25:27 The rings should be right next to the edge to hold the poles that carry the table.
Exodus 25:28 Make poles from acacia wood and cover them with gold so the table can be carried with them.
Exodus 25:29 Make its plates, spoons, pitchers, and bowls for pouring. Make them all of pure gold.
Exodus 25:30 Put bread on the table in front of me always.
Exodus 25:31 Make a lampstand of pure gold. It should be crafted from hammered work: its base, arms, cups, buds, and blossoms must all be one piece.
Exodus 25:32 Six arms will extend from the sides; three arms of the lampstand from one side, and three arms of the lampstand from the other side.
Exodus 25:33 Each of the six branches coming out of the lampstand had three cups shaped like almond flowers, each with buds and petals.
Exodus 25:34 In the lampstands there will be four cups shaped like almonds, with their buds and blossoms.
Exodus 25:35 There will be a bud below two branches of it, a bud below another two branches, and a bud below two more branches, making six branches coming out of the lampstand.
Exodus 25:36 The buds and branches will be one piece with the lampstand, all made from solid gold.
Exodus 25:37 Make seven lamps for it, and set up the lamps so they shine light in front of it.
Exodus 25:38 Its tongs and snuffdishes must be made of pure gold.
Exodus 25:39 He must make it of a talent of pure gold, including all these utensils.
Exodus 25:40 Make sure you make them just like the pattern you were shown on the mountain.

Exodus 26:1 Make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine linen, blue, purple, and red, and with skilled work of cherubim on them.
Exodus 26:2 One curtain should be twenty-eight cubits long and four cubits wide, and all the curtains should be the same size.
Exodus 26:3 The five curtains must be joined together, and the other five curtains must also be joined together.
Exodus 26:4 Make blue loops along the edge of one curtain at the side where it connects, and do the same on the far edge of the other curtain where it connects to the second one.
Exodus 26:5 Make fifty loops on one curtain and fifty loops on the edge of the second curtain so they can fasten together.
Exodus 26:6 Make fifty gold clasps, and join the curtains together with the clasps to form one tent.
Exodus 26:7 Make eleven curtains out of goat hair for the tent's covering.
Exodus 26:8 One curtain should be thirty units long and four units wide, and all eleven curtains should be the same size.
Exodus 26:9 You will connect five curtains on their own, and six curtains on their own, and fold the sixth curtain double at the front of the tent.
Exodus 26:10 Make fifty loops on the edge of the outer curtain in the set, and fifty loops on the edge of the second curtain that connects to it.
Exodus 26:11 Make fifty brass clasps, put them in the loops, and fasten the tent together so it becomes one piece.
Exodus 26:12 The leftover part of the tent curtains, the half-piece that's left, should cover the back of the dwelling.
Exodus 26:13 Add one foot of cloth on each side of the tent's remaining length so it hangs over the sides of the dwelling place to cover it.
Exodus 26:14 Make a red-dyed ram skin cover for the tent, and put a badger skin cover over it.
Exodus 26:15 Make upright wooden boards for the tent from acacia wood.
Exodus 26:16 Each board must be ten cubits long and one and a half cubits wide.
Exodus 26:17 Each board must have two pegs, lined up with each other; do this for all the boards of the shelter.
Exodus 26:18 Make twenty boards for the tabernacle on the south side facing south.
Exodus 26:19 Make forty silver bases for the twenty planks; put two bases under each plank for its two projections.
Exodus 26:20 For the north side of the tent, there will be twenty boards.
Exodus 26:21 They had forty silver bases; each board was supported by two bases.
Exodus 26:22 Make six boards for the west side of the tent.
Exodus 26:23 Make two frames for the corners of the shelter on both sides.
Exodus 26:24 They should be joined together at the bottom and joined at the top to one ring. This is how both will be for the two corners.
Exodus 26:25 There will be eight boards with their bases of silver, sixteen bases in total; two bases under each board.
Exodus 26:26 Make bars from acacia wood; five for the boards on one side of the tent.
Exodus 26:27 Use five bars for one side of the tent, and five bars for the other side of the tent, on the tent's west side.
Exodus 26:28 The center bar inside the panels will stretch from one end to the other.
Exodus 26:29 Cover the boards with gold and make gold rings to hold the bars, then cover the bars with gold too.
Exodus 26:30 Set up the tent as you were shown on the mountain.
Exodus 26:31 Make a curtain of blue, purple, and red, and finely twisted linen with skilled work, decorated with cherubs.
Exodus 26:32 Hang the curtain on four wooden posts covered with gold, with gold hooks, and set them in four silver bases.
Exodus 26:33 Hang the curtain under the clasps, so you can place the ark of the covenant behind the curtain. The curtain will separate the holy place from the most holy place.
Exodus 26:34 Place the mercy seat on top of the ark of the covenant inside the most holy room.
Exodus 26:35 Place the table outside the curtain, and put the lampstand across from the table on the south side of the tent. Place the table on the north side.
Exodus 26:36 Make a curtain for the tent door using blue, purple, red, and good quality linen, decorated with embroidery.
Exodus 26:37 Make five wooden posts and cover them with gold. Their hooks will be gold, and make five bronze bases for them.

Exodus 27:1 Make an altar from acacia wood, five cubits long and five cubits wide; the altar should be square, and its height should be three cubits.
Exodus 27:2 Make horns for it on its four corners, and the horns will be made from the same material. Cover it with bronze.
Exodus 27:3 Make pans for carrying ashes, shovels, bowls, meat hooks, and firepans, all out of bronze.
Exodus 27:4 Make a bronze grid for it, and attach four bronze rings at its corners.
Exodus 27:5 Place it under the edge of the altar below, so the net reaches halfway up the altar.
Exodus 27:6 Make poles for the altar from acacia wood and cover them with bronze.
Exodus 27:7 Put the poles into the rings on the altar's sides to carry it.
Exodus 27:8 Make it with boards as a box; just like you were shown on the mountain, that is how they should make it.
Exodus 27:9 Make the courtyard of the tent: on the south side, there should be curtains for the courtyard made of finely woven linen, a hundred cubits long for one side.
Exodus 27:10 The twenty columns and their twenty bases will be made of bronze; the hooks of the columns and their bands will be made of silver.
Exodus 27:11 On the north side, the curtains will be 100 cubits long, with 20 pillars and 20 bronze bases; the hooks and bands of the pillars will be silver.
Exodus 27:12 The west side of the courtyard will have curtains that are 50 units long, with ten posts and ten bases.
Exodus 27:13 The width of the courtyard on the east side will be fifty cubits.
Exodus 27:14 The curtains on one side of the gate will be fifteen units long, with three pillars and three bases.
Exodus 27:15 On the other side, there will be curtains fifteen units long, with three posts and three bases.
Exodus 27:16 The entrance to the courtyard will have a curtain that is 20 cubits long, made of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely twisted linen with embroidery. It will have four pillars and four bases.
Exodus 27:17 All the poles around the yard must have silver bands; their hooks must be silver, and their bases bronze.
Exodus 27:18 The court will be one hundred cubits long, fifty cubits wide all around, and five cubits high made of fine linen, with brass bases.
Exodus 27:19 All the tools for the tent and everything used in its service, along with all its pegs and all the pegs for the courtyard, must be made of bronze.
Exodus 27:20 Tell the people of Israel to bring you pure, crushed olive oil for the lamp so it will keep burning all the time.
Exodus 27:21 In the tent where people meet, outside the curtain in front of the rules, Aaron and his sons will take care of it from night to morning before God. It will be a permanent law for them through all their generations for the people of Israel.

Exodus 28:1 Choose your brother Aaron and his sons, Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar, from the Israelites to serve me as priests.
Exodus 28:2 Make special clothes for your brother Aaron that are beautiful and glorious.
Exodus 28:3 You will talk to all the skilled people I have given wisdom to, so they can make special clothes for Aaron that will set him apart to serve me as a priest.
Exodus 28:4 Make these clothes: a chest piece, an ephod, a robe, a decorated tunic, a turban, and a sash. They are sacred clothes for your brother Aaron and his sons, so they can serve me as priests.
Exodus 28:5 They will take gold, blue, purple, red, and good linen.
Exodus 28:6 They will make the ephod with gold, blue, purple, and red threads, and fine linen, with skilled craftsmanship.
Exodus 28:7 It will have two shoulder parts attached on its two sides, and so it will be held together.
Exodus 28:8 The special belt of the ephod, which is part of it, will be made the same way; out of gold, blue, purple, and red threads, and quality linen woven together.
Exodus 28:9 You will take two onyx stones and engrave on them the names of Israel's children.
Exodus 28:10 Put six of their names on one stone and the other six names on the second stone, in the order they were born.
Exodus 28:11 Carve the two stones like a stone carver would, with designs like a seal, and engrave on them the names of Israel's children. Put the stones in gold settings.
Exodus 28:12 You will place two stones on the shoulder straps of the ephod as memorial stones for the Israelites. Aaron will carry their names on his two shoulders before God to remember them.
Exodus 28:13 Make gold settings.
Exodus 28:14 Make two chains of pure gold, braided like ropes, and attach the braided chains to the settings.
Exodus 28:15 Make a special chest piece for making decisions using skilled craftsmanship. It should be made just like the ephod using gold, blue, purple, red, and quality woven linen.
Exodus 28:16 It will be square and folded double, a hand's breadth long and a hand's breadth wide.
Exodus 28:17 Place stones in it, four rows of them: the first row will have a ruby, a topaz, and a garnet. This will be the first row.
Exodus 28:18 The second row will have a green gem, a blue gem, and a clear, hard gem.
Exodus 28:19 The third row had a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
Exodus 28:20 In the fourth row there will be a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper; they will be placed in gold settings.
Exodus 28:21 The stones will have the names of Israel's twelve sons, each one named like a seal's carving for each of the twelve tribes.
Exodus 28:22 Make chains like braids of pure gold for the chest piece.
Exodus 28:23 Make two gold rings for the chest piece, and attach the rings to the top two corners of the chest piece.
Exodus 28:24 You should attach the two twisted gold chains to the two rings on the edges of the chestpiece.
Exodus 28:25 Attach the other ends of the two twisted chains to the settings and place them on the shoulder straps of the apron at the front.
Exodus 28:26 Make two gold rings and attach them to the two corners of the chest piece, on the inside edge near the vest.
Exodus 28:27 Make two more gold rings and attach them on the lower sides of the ephod, near the front, right across from its other seam, just above its decorative belt.
Exodus 28:28 They will tie the breastplate with its rings to the ephod's rings using a blue cord, so it sits above the ephod's decorative belt and the breastplate doesn't come off the ephod.
Exodus 28:29 Aaron will carry the names of Israel's children on the chestpiece of decision over his heart when he enters the sacred place, to remember them always in front of God.
Exodus 28:30 You will place the Urim and the Thummim inside the breastplate for making decisions; they must be over Aaron's heart when he goes in front of God. Aaron will always carry the decision-making for the Israelites over his heart in front of God.
Exodus 28:31 Make the ephod's robe completely blue.
Exodus 28:32 It will have a hole in the top, in the middle, with a strong woven edge around the hole, like the neck of a piece of armor, so it doesn't tear.
Exodus 28:33 Around the bottom hem, make blue, purple, and red pomegranates and place gold bells between them all around.
Exodus 28:34 A gold bell and a fruit, a gold bell and a fruit, around the bottom edge of the robe.
Exodus 28:35 Aaron must wear it while serving. When he enters the sacred area before God and when he leaves, the sound will be heard so he will not die.
Exodus 28:36 Make a pure gold plate and carve on it, as you would a seal, "Holy to God."
Exodus 28:37 Tie it with a blue cord on the turban, to be on the front of the turban.
Exodus 28:38 It will be on Aaron's forehead, so he can take responsibility for any wrongs related to the sacred offerings the Israelites make. It will always be on his forehead, so the offerings will be acceptable to God.
Exodus 28:39 Make a coat of fine linen with embroidery, a fine linen turban, and a belt with needlework.
Exodus 28:40 Make coats for Aaron's sons, give them sashes, and make hats for them to show honor and beauty.
Exodus 28:41 Dress your brother Aaron and his sons in these clothes. Then pour the special oil on them to make them priests for me.
Exodus 28:42 Make linen shorts for them to cover their bodies from the waist to the thighs.
Exodus 28:43 Aaron and his sons will wear these when they enter the meeting tent or approach the altar to serve in the holy area, so they will not be guilty and die. This is a permanent law for him and his descendants.

Exodus 29:1 Do this to make them holy so they can serve me as priests: Take one young bull and two perfect rams.
Exodus 29:2 Make bread without yeast, flat cakes mixed with oil, and thin breads spread with oil, all from wheat flour.
Exodus 29:3 Put them all in one basket and bring the basket with the young bull and the two male sheep.
Exodus 29:4 Bring Aaron and his sons to the entrance of the meeting tent and wash them with water.
Exodus 29:5 Take the clothes, and dress Aaron in the tunic, the ephod's robe, the ephod, the chestpiece, and tie the special belt of the ephod around him.
Exodus 29:6 You will place the hat on his head, and put the holy crown on the hat.
Exodus 29:7 Then you will take the anointing oil, pour it on his head, and anoint him.
Exodus 29:8 Bring his sons and put robes on them.
Exodus 29:9 Dress Aaron and his sons with belts and hats, and they will always serve as priests. Set apart Aaron and his sons to be priests.
Exodus 29:10 Bring a bull to the meeting tent, and Aaron and his sons will place their hands on the bull's head.
Exodus 29:11 Kill the bull in front of God, by the entrance of the meeting tent.
Exodus 29:12 Take some of the bull's blood and put it on the altar's horns with your finger, then pour the rest of the blood at the base of the altar.
Exodus 29:13 You must take all the fat covering the insides, the layer over the liver, and the two kidneys with the fat on them, and burn them on the altar.
Exodus 29:14 Burn the bull's flesh, skin, and waste outside the camp with fire; it is a sin offering.
Exodus 29:15 You must also take one ram; and Aaron and his sons will place their hands on the ram's head.
Exodus 29:16 Kill the ram, take its blood, and sprinkle it all around the altar.
Exodus 29:17 Cut the ram into pieces, wash its insides and legs, and place them with its other pieces and head.
Exodus 29:18 You must burn the entire ram on the altar; it is a burnt sacrifice to God, a pleasing aroma, an offering made with fire to God.
Exodus 29:19 You will take the other ram; Aaron and his sons will place their hands on the ram's head.
Exodus 29:20 Then you must kill the ram, take some of its blood, and put it on the top of Aaron's right ear, on the tops of his sons' right ears, on the thumbs of their right hands, on the big toes of their right feet, and sprinkle the blood all around the altar.
Exodus 29:21 Take some of the blood on the altar and the anointing oil, and sprinkle it on Aaron, his clothes, his sons, and his sons' clothes with him. They and their clothes will be made holy.
Exodus 29:22 You will also take from the ram the fat, the back part, the fat covering the insides, the layer over the liver, the two kidneys with their fat, and the right front leg, because it is a special ram.
Exodus 29:23 One loaf of bread, one cake made with oil, and one thin biscuit from the basket of bread without yeast that is in front of God.
Exodus 29:24 You will put everything in Aaron's hands and in his sons' hands, and wave them as an offering in front of God.
Exodus 29:25 Take them from their hands and burn them on the altar as a burned offering to God for a pleasing aroma, a fire offering to God.
Exodus 29:26 Take the chest part of the ram used for Aaron's dedication and wave it as an offering before God; it will be your portion.
Exodus 29:27 Set apart the chest part of the waved offering and the upper part of the lifted offering from the ram dedicated to God, for Aaron and his sons.
Exodus 29:28 This will always belong to Aaron and his sons as a permanent law: It is a special gift from the Israelites. It will be a special gift from their peace offerings to God.
Exodus 29:29 Aaron's holy clothes will belong to his sons after him; they will be anointed and made holy in them.
Exodus 29:30 The new priest, who is his son, must wear these clothes for seven days when he goes into the meeting tent to serve in the sacred area.
Exodus 29:31 Cook the meat of the dedication ram in a sacred space.
Exodus 29:32 Aaron and his sons will eat the meat of the ram and the bread in the basket near the entrance of the meeting tent.
Exodus 29:33 They shall eat the offerings used to make atonement that set them apart and make them holy; but no outsider may eat them because they are sacred.
Exodus 29:34 If any of the special meat or bread is left until morning, you must burn what is left. Do not eat it because it is sacred.
Exodus 29:35 Do exactly as I told you for Aaron and his sons: Make them holy for seven days.
Exodus 29:36 Every day you must offer a bull as a sin sacrifice to make amends; cleanse the altar after making amends for it, and anoint it to make it holy.
Exodus 29:37 Make the altar holy by performing a cleansing ceremony for seven days; after that, it will be a very holy altar, and anything that touches it will become holy.
Exodus 29:38 You must offer two one-year-old lambs on the altar every day regularly.
Exodus 29:39 You should offer one lamb in the morning and another lamb in the evening.
Exodus 29:40 With each lamb, mix a tenth of an ephah of flour and a quarter of a hin of olive oil; also offer a quarter of a hin of wine as a drink offering.
Exodus 29:41 Offer the second lamb in the evening, and prepare it like the morning grain offering and accompanying drink offering, as a pleasing aroma, a fire sacrifice to God.
Exodus 29:42 Keep offering this burnt sacrifice for all your generations at the entrance of the meeting tent before God: that's where I will meet you to talk to you.
Exodus 29:43 I will meet with Israel's people there, and my glory will make the tabernacle holy.
Exodus 29:44 I will make the meeting tent and the altar holy, and I will also make Aaron and his sons holy, so they can serve me as priests.
Exodus 29:45 I will live among the people of Israel and will be their God.
Exodus 29:46 They will understand that I am their God, who led them out of Egypt so I can live with them: I am their God.

Exodus 30:1 Make an altar for burning incense from acacia wood.
Exodus 30:2 The length will be one cubit and the width one cubit; it will be square. The height will be two cubits, and the horns will be part of it.
Exodus 30:3 Cover it with pure gold—the top, sides, and horns—and make a gold border around it.
Exodus 30:4 Make two gold rings for it below its molding on opposite sides to hold the poles used to carry it.
Exodus 30:5 Make the poles from acacia wood and cover them with gold.
Exodus 30:6 Place it in front of the curtain near the Ark of the Agreement, before the cover above the Agreement, where I will meet with you.
Exodus 30:7 Aaron must burn sweet-smelling incense there every morning: when he prepares the lamps, he must burn incense on it.
Exodus 30:8 When Aaron lights the lamps in the evening, he must burn incense on it, a continuous offering of incense before God for all time to come.
Exodus 30:9 Do not burn any other incense, make burnt offerings, or grain offerings on it, nor pour a drink offering on it.
Exodus 30:10 Aaron must make amends on its horns once a year using the blood from the sacrifice for sins. Every year he must do this for all your future generations. It is very holy to God.
Exodus 30:11 God spoke to Moses and said,
Exodus 30:12 When you count the people of Israel, each one must pay God to save their life, so that no disease comes when you count them.
Exodus 30:13 Everyone counted must give this: half a shekel based on the sanctuary's shekel (which is twenty gerahs). Half a shekel is the donation to God.
Exodus 30:14 Everyone who is counted, age twenty and older, must give an offering to God.
Exodus 30:15 Rich people should not give more, and poor people should not give less than half a shekel when they give an offering to God to atone for your souls.
Exodus 30:16 Take the atonement money from the Israelites and use it for the work of the meeting tent; it will remind the Israelites of God, who makes amends for your lives.
Exodus 30:17 God spoke to Moses and said,
Exodus 30:18 Make a basin of bronze with a bronze stand for washing. Place it between the tent of meeting and the altar, and fill it with water.
Exodus 30:19 Aaron and his sons must wash their hands and feet there.
Exodus 30:20 When they enter the meeting tent, they must wash with water so they will not die; or when they approach the altar to serve, to burn a fire offering to God.
Exodus 30:21 They must wash their hands and feet so they won't die. This rule will last forever for them, their children, and for all future generations.
Exodus 30:22 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 30:23 Get the best spices for yourself: 500 shekels of pure myrrh, half as much sweet cinnamon, which is 250 shekels, and 250 shekels of sweet calamus.
Exodus 30:24 Five hundred shekels of cassia, by the holy shekel, and an hin of olive oil.
Exodus 30:25 Make a holy oil, a mixed ointment like a perfume maker's craft; it will be a sacred anointing oil.
Exodus 30:26 You will use the oil to anoint the tent where people meet and the chest that holds the laws.
Exodus 30:27 The table and all its dishes, the lampstand and its tools, and the altar for burning incense,
Exodus 30:28 The altar for burnt offerings with all its tools, and the washbasin with its base.
Exodus 30:29 Make these things holy, so they will be very holy; whatever touches them will become holy.
Exodus 30:30 You will anoint Aaron and his sons, prepare them, so they can serve me as priests.
Exodus 30:31 Tell the people of Israel: This oil will be special for anointing, to be used for me by all your future generations.
Exodus 30:32 Do not pour it on human skin, and do not make anything similar to it. It is special, and it must be kept special for you.
Exodus 30:33 Anyone who makes something similar, or who puts some on a non-Israelite, must be separated from their community.
Exodus 30:34 God told Moses, "Take sweet spices, stacte, onycha, and galbanum; mix these sweet spices with pure frankincense, using equal weights of each."
Exodus 30:35 Make it a scented mixture, crafted by a perfumer, mixed well, clean and sacred.
Exodus 30:36 Grind some of it into fine powder and place it in front of the covenant box in the tent of meeting, where I will come to you. It shall be very holy for you.
Exodus 30:37 Make the perfume as I have instructed you. Do not make any for yourselves using this recipe. It is special and only for God.
Exodus 30:38 Anyone who makes perfume like that to smell it will be separated from their people.

Exodus 31:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 31:2 Look, I have chosen Bezaleel, Uri's son, Hur's grandson, from the tribe of Judah.
Exodus 31:3 I have filled him with God's spirit, giving him wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and skill in all kinds of work.
Exodus 31:4 To create clever works, to work with gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 31:5 In cutting stones to place them, and in shaping wood to make all kinds of things.
Exodus 31:6 I have also given Aholiab, son of Ahisamach from the tribe of Dan, to help him. And I have put wisdom in the minds of all skilled workers so they can make everything I have told you.
Exodus 31:7 The meeting tent, the box of the agreement, the cover on top of it, and all the things inside the tent.
Exodus 31:8 The table and its items, the pure lampstand with all its items, and the incense altar.
Exodus 31:9 The altar for burnt offerings with all its equipment, and the basin and its stand.
Exodus 31:10 The work clothes, the special clothes for Aaron the priest, and the clothes for his sons to serve as priests.
Exodus 31:11 You will also need the special oil for anointing and the fragrant incense for the sacred place; they must do everything I have told you.
Exodus 31:12 God spoke to Moses and said,
Exodus 31:13 Tell the people of Israel this: You must keep my Sabbaths, for they are a sign between us for all time, to show that I, God, make you holy.
Exodus 31:14 Keep the Sabbath because it is sacred to you. Anyone who disrespects it will be put to death. If anyone does work on that day, they will be separated from their people.
Exodus 31:15 You can work for six days; but the seventh day is a rest day, special to God: if anyone works on that day, they must be put to death.
Exodus 31:16 So the children of Israel must keep the Sabbath and always remember to observe the Sabbath as a lasting agreement.
Exodus 31:17 This is a sign between me and the people of Israel forever: because in six days God made the sky and land, and on the seventh day he rested and felt renewed.
Exodus 31:18 God gave Moses two stone tablets with His laws after speaking to him on Mount Sinai.

Exodus 32:1 When the people saw Moses was taking a long time to come down from the mountain, they went to Aaron and said, "Get up, make us gods to lead us. We don't know what happened to Moses, who brought us out of Egypt."
Exodus 32:2 Aaron told them, "Take off the gold earrings that your wives, sons, and daughters are wearing, and bring them to me."
Exodus 32:3 Everyone took off their gold earrings and gave them to Aaron.
Exodus 32:4 He took the gold from them, made it into a statue of a young cow with a tool, and they said, "These are your gods, Israel, who brought you out of Egypt."
Exodus 32:5 When Aaron saw it, he made an altar in front of it; Aaron announced and said, "Tomorrow is a feast to God."
Exodus 32:6 They got up early the next day, gave burnt offerings, and presented peace offerings; then the people sat down to eat and drink, and got up to have fun.
Exodus 32:7 God said to Moses, "Go down, because your people whom you led out of Egypt have become corrupt."
Exodus 32:8 They quickly left the path I ordered them to follow. They made a golden calf, worshiped it, sacrificed to it, and said, "These are your gods, Israel, who brought you out of Egypt."
Exodus 32:9 God said to Moses, "I have seen these people, and they are very stubborn."
Exodus 32:10 So now, leave me alone so that my anger can grow strong against them, and I can destroy them. Then I will make you into a great nation.
Exodus 32:11 Moses pleaded with God and said, "God, why are you so angry with your people whom you brought out of Egypt with great power and a strong hand?"
Exodus 32:12 Why should the Egyptians say, "He brought them out to harm them, to kill them in the mountains, and to wipe them off the earth"? Stop being so angry and change your mind about this bad plan for your people.
Exodus 32:13 Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, your servants, to whom you promised by yourself and told them, I will increase your descendants like the stars in the sky, and all this land that I have mentioned, I will give to your descendants, and they will own it forever.
Exodus 32:14 God felt sorry for the bad things he planned to do to his people.
Exodus 32:15 Moses turned and went down the mountain with the two stone tablets of God's law in his hands. These tablets had writing on both sides.
Exodus 32:16 The tablets were made by God, and the writing on them was God's writing, carved into the tablets.
Exodus 32:17 When Joshua heard the people shouting, he told Moses, "There's a sound of fighting in the camp."
Exodus 32:18 He said, "This isn't the sound of victory shouts or defeat cries, but I hear the sound of singing."
Exodus 32:19 When he got close to the camp and saw the calf and the dancing, Moses became very angry. He threw down the stone tablets and broke them at the foot of the mountain.
Exodus 32:20 He took the calf they had made, burned it in the fire, crushed it into dust, scattered it on the water, and made the Israelites drink it.
Exodus 32:21 Moses said to Aaron, "What did these people do to you to make you lead them into such a big sin?"
Exodus 32:22 Aaron said, "Please don't be angry, you know the people are prone to do wrong."
Exodus 32:23 They said to me, "Make gods for us to lead us because we don't know what happened to Moses, who led us out of Egypt."
Exodus 32:24 I told them, "Anyone who has gold, take it off." So they gave it to me. I threw it into the fire, and out came this calf.
Exodus 32:25 When Moses saw that the people had no clothes (because Aaron had let them take off their clothes, making them ashamed in front of their enemies),
Exodus 32:26 Moses stood at the camp entrance and asked, "Who is on God's side? Come to me." Then all the Levites gathered around him.
Exodus 32:27 He told them, "God of Israel says, 'Each man strap on his sword, move around from gate to gate in the camp, and kill every man his brother, friend, and neighbor.'"
Exodus 32:28 The Levi's children followed Moses' instructions, and that day about three thousand men died.
Exodus 32:29 Moses said, "Make yourselves holy for God today, each one of you on your son and brother, so He can give you a blessing today."
Exodus 32:30 The next day, Moses told the people, "You have committed a serious sin. Now, I will go to God; maybe I can make up for your sin."
Exodus 32:31 Moses went back to God and said, "Oh, these people have done a big sin by making gold idols for themselves."
Exodus 32:32 But now, if you will forgive their sin, do so; but if not, please remove my name from your book that you have written.
Exodus 32:33 God said to Moses, "Whoever has sinned against me, I will erase his name from my book."
Exodus 32:34 So now go, lead the people to the place I told you about. An angel will go ahead of you. But when I check on them, I will punish them for their sins.
Exodus 32:35 God punished the people because they created the calf that Aaron made.

Exodus 33:1 God told Moses, "Leave this place and take the people you brought from Egypt to the land I promised Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, saying 'I will give it to your descendants.'"
Exodus 33:2 I will send an angel ahead of you; I will push out the Canaanite, the Amorite, the Hittite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
Exodus 33:3 To a land filled with plenty and sweetness: because I will not travel with you; you are stubborn people: otherwise I might destroy you on the journey.
Exodus 33:4 When the people heard this bad news, they were sad, and no one put on their jewelry.
Exodus 33:5 God told Moses to tell the Israelites, "You are stubborn. I will suddenly come to you and punish you. So now, take off your jewelry, and I will decide what to do with you."
Exodus 33:6 The Israelites took off their jewelry at Mount Horeb.
Exodus 33:7 Moses set up the tent far outside the camp and named it the Meeting Tent. Anyone who wanted to seek God would go to the Meeting Tent, which was outside the camp.
Exodus 33:8 When Moses went to the meeting tent, all the people stood up, each at their tent entrance, and watched Moses until he entered the tent.
Exodus 33:9 When Moses went into the tent, a cloud came down and stopped at the entrance, and God spoke with Moses.
Exodus 33:10 Everyone saw the cloud pillar at the tent entrance, and they all stood up and worshiped at their own tent doors.
Exodus 33:11 God spoke to Moses directly, as one speaks to a friend. Then Moses went back to the camp, but his helper Joshua, a young man, did not leave the tent.
Exodus 33:12 Moses said to God, "Look, you tell me, 'Take these people up,' but you haven't told me who you will send with me. Still, you have said, 'I know your name, and you have found favor with me.'"
Exodus 33:13 So now, please, if I have your favor, show me your way so I can know you and continue to find favor with you. Remember that this nation is your people.
Exodus 33:14 He said, "My presence will go with you, and I will give you rest."
Exodus 33:15 He said to him, "If you don't go with us, don't take us from here."
Exodus 33:16 How can it be known that I and your people are special to you? Isn't it because you are with us? This is what sets us apart from everyone else in the world.
Exodus 33:17 God said to Moses, "I will do what you asked for, because you have gained my favor and I know you by name."
Exodus 33:18 He said, "Please, show me your glory, God."
Exodus 33:19 He said, "I will let my goodness go by in front of you, and I will say God's name to you; I will be kind to those I choose to be kind to, and I will show mercy on those I decide to show mercy."
Exodus 33:20 He said, "You cannot see my face because no one can see me and stay alive."
Exodus 33:21 God said, "Look, there is a place near me, and you will stand on a rock."
Exodus 33:22 When my glory goes by, I will put you in a gap in the rock and cover you with my hand until I have passed.
Exodus 33:23 I will remove my hand, and you will see my back, but my face will not be seen.

Exodus 34:1 God told Moses, "Cut two stone tablets like the first ones, and I will write on them the words that were on the first tablets that you broke."
Exodus 34:2 Get ready in the morning, go up Mount Sinai, and meet me at the top of the mountain.
Exodus 34:3 No one should go up with you, and no one should be seen anywhere on the mountain; also, do not let sheep or cattle graze in front of that mountain.
Exodus 34:4 He cut two stone tablets like the first ones; Moses got up early in the morning, went up Mount Sinai as God told him, and carried the two stone tablets.
Exodus 34:5 God came down in the cloud, stood with him there, and announced his own name.
Exodus 34:6 God went by him and said, "God, God, kind and forgiving, patient, full of love and truth."
Exodus 34:7 God shows mercy to thousands, forgives wrongdoing, rebellion, and sin, but does not ignore the guilty; He punishes the parents' sins on the children and grandchildren to the third and fourth generation.
Exodus 34:8 Moses quickly bowed his head to the ground and worshiped.
Exodus 34:9 He said, "If I have now found favor with you, God, please, go with us. This is a stubborn people. Forgive our wrongs and sins, and accept us as your own."
Exodus 34:10 He said, "Look, I am making a promise: I will perform amazing acts for your people that have never been done anywhere on Earth or in any nation. All the people around you will see what God will do, and it will be an awesome thing that I'll do with you."
Exodus 34:11 Pay attention to what I order you today: see, I will push out before you the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Hittite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
Exodus 34:12 Be careful not to agree with the people living in the place you're going, so it doesn't become a trap for you.
Exodus 34:13 You must destroy their altars, break their idols, and cut down their sacred places.
Exodus 34:14 You must not worship any other god, because God, who is named Jealous, is a jealous God.
Exodus 34:15 Make sure you don't agree with the people living in the land, or they might follow their own gods, offer sacrifices to them, invite you, and then you eat from their offerings.
Exodus 34:16 If your sons marry their daughters, their daughters will chase after their own gods and will lead your sons to do the same.
Exodus 34:17 Do not make any metal gods for yourself.
Exodus 34:18 Celebrate the feast of bread without yeast. For seven days, eat bread without yeast as I told you, during the month of Abib, because that is when you left Egypt.
Exodus 34:19 Everything born first from a mother is mine, and every first male born from your livestock, whether cow or sheep.
Exodus 34:20 You must trade a lamb for the firstborn donkey. If you don't trade it, then you must kill the donkey. You must also buy back your firstborn sons. No one should come before me with nothing.
Exodus 34:21 Work for six days, but rest on the seventh day; you should rest both when you plow and when you harvest.
Exodus 34:22 Celebrate the Feast of Weeks when you harvest the first wheat, and have a gathering festival at the end of the year.
Exodus 34:23 Three times a year, all your boys must go before God, the God of Israel.
Exodus 34:24 I will force the nations out of your way and expand your territory. No one will want your land when you go to worship God three times a year.
Exodus 34:25 You must not offer the blood of my sacrifice with yeast; and do not let the passover feast sacrifice remain until morning.
Exodus 34:26 Bring the first of your land's early crops to God's house. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk.
Exodus 34:27 God said to Moses, "Write these words down, because with these words I have made an agreement with you and with Israel."
Exodus 34:28 He stayed with God for forty days and nights without eating bread or drinking water. He wrote the Ten Commandments, the words of the agreement, on the tablets.
Exodus 34:29 When Moses came down from Mount Sinai with the two tablets of testimony in his hand, he did not know that his face was radiant because he had spoken with God.
Exodus 34:30 When Aaron and all the Israelites saw Moses, his face was glowing and they were scared to go near him.
Exodus 34:31 Moses called them, and Aaron and all the leaders came back to him, and Moses spoke with them.
Exodus 34:32 Later, all the Israelites approached, and Moses told them everything God had said to him on Mount Sinai.
Exodus 34:33 After Moses finished talking with them, he covered his face with a veil.
Exodus 34:34 But when Moses went to speak with God, he removed the veil until he left. After leaving, he told the people of Israel what he was told to say.
Exodus 34:35 The Israelites saw that Moses' face was glowing, and Moses covered his face with a veil until he went to talk with God again.

Exodus 35:1 Moses brought all the Israelites together and told them, "These are the commands God has given for you to follow."
Exodus 35:2 Work for six days, but the seventh day is a holy day for you, a day of rest for God. Anyone who works on that day will be put to death.
Exodus 35:3 Do not start any fire in your homes on the Sabbath day.
Exodus 35:4 Moses spoke to all the Israelites, saying, "This is what God has commanded."
Exodus 35:5 Bring a gift for God from among yourselves; anyone who wants to give can bring gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 35:6 And blue, purple, red, fine cloth, and goat hair.
Exodus 35:7 Red-dyed ram skins, other animal skins, and acacia wood.
Exodus 35:8 Oil for the lamp, spices for the anointing oil, and for the sweet smelling incense.
Exodus 35:9 And onyx stones, and stones for the ephod and breastplate.
Exodus 35:10 Everyone with a wise heart should come and make everything that God has commanded.
Exodus 35:11 God's tent, its covering, its clasps, its frames, its crossbars, its posts, and its bases.
Exodus 35:12 The chest, its poles, the lid, and the curtain that covers it,
Exodus 35:13 The table, its poles, all its tools, and the bread on display.
Exodus 35:14 The lampstand for the light, its accessories, its lamps, and the oil for the light.
Exodus 35:15 The altar for incense, its poles, the oil for anointing, the fragrant incense, and the curtain for the entrance to the tent.
Exodus 35:16 The altar for burning sacrifices, with its bronze grid, its poles, and all its tools, the washbasin and its base,
Exodus 35:17 The curtains of the courtyard, its posts, their bases, and the curtain for the entrance to the courtyard,
Exodus 35:18 The stakes of the tent, and the stakes of the yard, and their ropes,
Exodus 35:19 The special clothes for serving in the sacred space, the holy outfits for Aaron the priest, and the clothes for his sons to serve as priests.
Exodus 35:20 The whole group of Israel's people left from being with Moses.
Exodus 35:21 They came, everyone moved by their heart, and all who felt willing, and they brought God's offering for the work on the meeting tent, all its service, and the holy clothes.
Exodus 35:22 Men and women came, all who wanted to help. They brought gold bracelets, earrings, rings, and other jewelry. Everyone who gave, gave gold gifts to God.
Exodus 35:23 Everyone who had blue, purple, or scarlet cloth, fine linen, goats' hair, red sheepskins, or leather brought them.
Exodus 35:24 Everyone who gave silver or brass brought it to God, and anyone who had acacia wood for the work brought it.
Exodus 35:25 All the skilled women spun thread with their hands and brought what they made, in blue, purple, scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 35:26 All the women who felt inspired and skilled spun goat hair.
Exodus 35:27 The leaders brought onyx stones and other gems for the priest's garment and chest piece.
Exodus 35:28 And spices, and oil for the lamp, and for the anointing oil, and for the fragrant incense.
Exodus 35:29 The people of Israel willingly gave offerings to God, each man and woman who wanted to contribute to all kinds of work, which God had instructed Moses to oversee.
Exodus 35:30 Moses told the people of Israel, "Look, God has chosen Bezaleel, Uri's son, Hur's grandson, from the tribe of Judah by name.
Exodus 35:31 He has filled him with God's spirit, with wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and skill in all kinds of crafts.
Exodus 35:32 To create intricate designs and to work with gold, silver, and bronze.
Exodus 35:33 In shaping stones to place them, and in carving wood to create any kind of skilled work.
Exodus 35:34 God has given him the ability to teach, both him and Aholiab, Ahisamach's son from the tribe of Dan.
Exodus 35:35 He has given them skilled hearts to do every kind of work: engraving, expert crafting, and embroidering with blue, purple, scarlet thread and fine linen, and weaving. They can do any job and create intricate designs.

Exodus 36:1 Bezaleel, Aholiab, and every skilled person whom God gave wisdom and understanding knew how to do all kinds of work for the sanctuary service, just as God had instructed.
Exodus 36:2 Moses called Bezaleel, Aholiab, and every skilled person whom God had given wisdom, and everyone who felt moved to come and do the work.
Exodus 36:3 They took from Moses all the gifts the Israelites had brought for the sanctuary's service work. And every morning, they also brought voluntary gifts to him.
Exodus 36:4 All the skilled people who did the work for the holy place stopped their own tasks and came.
Exodus 36:5 They said to Moses, "The people are giving more than needed for the work that God ordered us to do."
Exodus 36:6 Moses ordered and they announced in the camp, "No man or woman should make anything more for the sanctuary offering." So the people stopped bringing things.
Exodus 36:7 They had enough materials for all the work, and more than needed.
Exodus 36:8 Every skilled worker among them who made the tabernacle created ten curtains from fine linen, blue, purple, and red fabric, with artistic designs of cherubs woven into them.
Exodus 36:9 One curtain was twenty-eight cubits long and four cubits wide, and all the curtains were the same size.
Exodus 36:10 He joined five curtains together and then joined the other five curtains in the same way.
Exodus 36:11 He made blue loops on the edge of one curtain by the seam, and did the same on the edge of the other curtain where it joined the second.
Exodus 36:12 He made fifty loops on one curtain, and fifty loops on the edge of the second curtain to join them together. The loops connected one curtain to the other.
Exodus 36:13 He made fifty gold clasps and used them to attach the curtains together, so they became one tent.
Exodus 36:14 He made eleven goat hair curtains to cover the tent that was over the sanctuary.
Exodus 36:15 Each curtain was thirty units long and four units wide; all eleven curtains were the same size.
Exodus 36:16 He joined five curtains together, and six curtains together.
Exodus 36:17 He made fifty loops on the very end of one curtain for joining, and fifty loops on the edge of the second curtain to connect them.
Exodus 36:18 He made fifty bronze clasps to connect the tent so it would be one piece.
Exodus 36:19 He made a red-dyed ram skin cover for the tent and another cover of badger skins on top.
Exodus 36:20 He made upright boards for the tabernacle out of acacia wood.
Exodus 36:21 A board was ten units long and one and a half units wide.
Exodus 36:22 Each board had two pegs set evenly apart: he did this for all the tabernacle's boards.
Exodus 36:23 He made panels for the tent; twenty panels for the south side facing south.
Exodus 36:24 He made forty silver bases for the twenty planks; each plank had two bases for its two projections.
Exodus 36:25 For the other side of the tent, facing north, he made twenty boards.
Exodus 36:26 They had forty silver bases; two bases under one plank, and two bases under another plank.
Exodus 36:27 He made six boards for the west side of the tabernacle.
Exodus 36:28 He made two boards for the corners of the tent on both sides.
Exodus 36:29 They were joined at the bottom and connected at the top to one ring. This was done for both of them at the two corners.
Exodus 36:30 There were eight boards; each had two silver sockets underneath, making sixteen sockets in total.
Exodus 36:31 He made poles of acacia wood; five for the panels on one side of the tent.
Exodus 36:32 Make five crossbars for the frames on the other side of the tent and five crossbars for the frames at the west end.
Exodus 36:33 He made the center bar to go through the boards from one end to the other.
Exodus 36:34 He covered the boards with gold, made their rings of gold for the bars, and covered the bars with gold.
Exodus 36:35 He made a curtain of blue, purple, and red, and quality linen, skillfully woven with angel designs.
Exodus 36:36 He made four pillars of acacia wood for it, covered them with gold, with gold hooks, and made four silver bases for them.
Exodus 36:37 He made a curtain for the entrance of the tent with blue, purple, and red colors, and with finely twisted linen, that was sewn.
Exodus 36:38 It had five pillars with hooks, and he covered the tops and bands with gold; the five bases were bronze.

Exodus 37:1 Bezaleel made the ark from acacia wood: it was 2.5 cubits long, 1.5 cubits wide, and 1.5 cubits high.
Exodus 37:2 He covered it with pure gold inside and outside and put a gold border around it.
Exodus 37:3 He made four gold rings for it, placing them at its four corners; two rings on one side and two on the other side.
Exodus 37:4 He made poles from acacia wood and covered them with gold.
Exodus 37:5 He put the poles through the rings on the sides of the chest to carry it.
Exodus 37:6 He made the cover out of pure gold; it was three and a half feet long and two and a quarter feet wide.
Exodus 37:7 He made two gold cherubs from one piece of gold and put them on both ends of the mercy seat.
Exodus 37:8 One angel on one end here, and another angel on the other end there: the angels on both ends were made from the mercy seat.
Exodus 37:9 The cherubim spread their wings up high and covered the mercy seat with their wings, facing each other; their faces were toward the mercy seat.
Exodus 37:10 He made a table of acacia wood: it was two cubits long, one cubit wide, and one and a half cubits high.
Exodus 37:11 He covered it with pure gold and added a gold border around it.
Exodus 37:12 He also made a border about a hand's breadth wide around it, and put a gold rim around the border.
Exodus 37:13 He made four gold rings and attached them to its four corners on the legs.
Exodus 37:14 Next to the edge were the rings, the spots for the poles to carry the table.
Exodus 37:15 He made the poles from acacia wood and covered them with gold to carry the table.
Exodus 37:16 He made the items for the table—his plates, spoons, cups, and lids to cover them—all out of pure gold.
Exodus 37:17 He made the lampstand of pure gold. The lampstand, its base and branches, its cups, buds, and blossoms, were all one piece.
Exodus 37:18 The lampstand has six branches coming from its sides; three branches come out from one side, and three branches come out from the other side.
Exodus 37:19 Each of the six branches has three cups shaped like almond flowers with buds and petals.
Exodus 37:20 The candlestick had four cups shaped like almonds, with buds and blossoms.
Exodus 37:21 Place a knob under two branches, and do the same for each pair of the six branches coming from the lampstand.
Exodus 37:22 Their buds and branches were all one piece; it was all made of pure gold that had been hammered into shape.
Exodus 37:23 He made seven lamps, lamp trimmers, and trays out of pure gold.
Exodus 37:24 He made it of a talent of pure gold, along with all its utensils.
Exodus 37:25 He made the altar for burning incense out of acacia wood. It was one cubit long and one cubit wide, square-shaped, and two cubits high with horns made from the same wood.
Exodus 37:26 He covered it with pure gold, the top, the sides all around, and its horns; he also made a gold border around it.
Exodus 37:27 He made two gold rings below its molding, at its two corners, on both sides, to hold the poles for carrying it.
Exodus 37:28 He made the poles from acacia wood and covered them with gold.
Exodus 37:29 He made the sacred oil for anointing and the pure, sweet-smelling incense, as a perfumer would.

Exodus 38:1 He made the altar for burnt offerings from acacia wood: it was five cubits long and five cubits wide, forming a square, and it was three cubits high.
Exodus 38:2 He made horns on its four corners; the horns were part of it, and he covered it with bronze.
Exodus 38:3 He made all the altar tools—the pots, shovels, basins, meat hooks, and firepans—all of brass.
Exodus 38:4 He made a bronze grate with a mesh design for the altar, to fit under it halfway up.
Exodus 38:5 He put four rings on the four corners of the bronze grate to hold the poles.
Exodus 38:6 He made the poles out of acacia wood and covered them with bronze.
Exodus 38:7 He placed the poles through the rings on the sides of the altar to carry it; he built the altar with hollow boards.
Exodus 38:8 He made the basin of bronze and its stand of bronze, from the mirrors of the women who served at the entrance to the tent of meeting.
Exodus 38:9 He made the courtyard with fine linen curtains, a hundred cubits long, on the south side.
Exodus 38:10 There were twenty pillars and twenty bronze bases; the hooks and bands of the pillars were silver.
Exodus 38:11 For the north side, the curtains were 100 cubits long, with 20 pillars and 20 bronze bases; the hooks of the pillars and the bands were silver.
Exodus 38:12 For the west side, there were curtains fifty cubits long, with ten posts and ten bases; the hooks of the posts and the bands around them were silver.
Exodus 38:13 For the east side, facing east, fifty cubits.
Exodus 38:14 The curtains on one side of the entrance were fifteen cubits long, with three pillars and three bases.
Exodus 38:15 On both sides of the courtyard gate, there were curtains 15 cubits long, with three pillars and three bases.
Exodus 38:16 All the curtains surrounding the courtyard were made of fine twisted linen.
Exodus 38:17 The bases for the pillars were made of bronze; the hooks of the pillars and their bands were made of silver; their capitals were covered with silver; and all the pillars of the courtyard were banded with silver.
Exodus 38:18 The curtain for the courtyard gate was made with fine linen and embroidered with blue, purple, and red thread. It was twenty cubits long and five cubits high, just like the other curtains of the courtyard.
Exodus 38:19 They had four pillars with four bronze bases, silver hooks, and their capitals and bands were covered with silver.
Exodus 38:20 All the hooks for the tent and the surrounding courtyard were made of brass.
Exodus 38:21 This is the total of the meeting tent, the tent for witnessing, as it was recorded, as Moses ordered, for the Levites' work, done by Ithamar, Aaron the priest's son.
Exodus 38:22 Bezaleel, Uri's son and Hur's grandson from the Judah tribe, made everything that God told Moses to make.
Exodus 38:23 Aholiab, son of Ahisamach from the tribe of Dan, was with him. He was skilled in engraving and craft work, and he embroidered with blue, purple, scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 38:24 All the gold used for the work in the holy place, including the gold given as an offering, was twenty-nine talents and seven hundred thirty shekels, by the sanctuary's weight standard.
Exodus 38:25 The congregation's counted silver was one hundred talents and 1,775 shekels, by the sanctuary's standard.
Exodus 38:26 Each man must pay half a shekel, using the sanctuary's measure, for the census of everyone 20 years old and above, totaling 603,550 men.
Exodus 38:27 From the hundred pieces of silver, the bases for the holy place and the curtain were made; a hundred bases from the hundred pieces of silver, one piece for each base.
Exodus 38:28 With 1,775 shekels, he made hooks for the columns, covered their tops, and decorated them.
Exodus 38:29 The bronze given as a gift was seventy talents and two thousand four hundred shekels.
Exodus 38:30 With it, he made the bases for the entrance of the meeting tent, the bronze altar, its bronze grate, and all the tools for the altar.
Exodus 38:31 The bases of the courtyard all around, the bases of the courtyard gate, and all the pegs for the tent, and all the pegs for the courtyard all around.

Exodus 39:1 They made special cloths in blue, purple, and red to serve in the holy area and created holy clothes for Aaron, just as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:2 He made the ephod from gold, blue, purple, and red threads, and fine linen.
Exodus 39:3 They hammered the gold into thin sheets and sliced it into threads to weave into the blue, purple, and red fabrics, and fine linen with skillful design.
Exodus 39:4 They created shoulder parts for it to join it together; it was joined at the two sides.
Exodus 39:5 The decorative belt of his vest, made of gold, blue, purple, and red threads and fine linen, was just like the rest of it, as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:6 They crafted onyx stones set in gold fittings, engraved like seal rings, with the names of Israel's children.
Exodus 39:7 He placed them on the ephod's shoulders to be reminder stones for the Israelites, just as God had instructed Moses.
Exodus 39:8 He made the special chest piece with skilled work, like the ephod's work; using gold, blue, purple, and red threads, and quality linen woven tightly.
Exodus 39:9 It was square; the chest piece was made double-layered: it was a handspan long and a handspan wide when folded.
Exodus 39:10 They placed four rows of stones in it: the first row had a ruby, a topaz, and a garnet; this was the first row.
Exodus 39:11 In the second row there was an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Exodus 39:12 The third row had a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
Exodus 39:13 The fourth row had a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper, all set in gold frames.
Exodus 39:14 The stones matched the names of Israel's children, twelve for each name, carved like a seal with each one's name, for the twelve tribes.
Exodus 39:15 They put chains of twisted, pure gold on the chest piece corners.
Exodus 39:16 They made two gold clasps and two gold rings; they attached the rings to the two corners of the chest piece.
Exodus 39:17 They attached the two twisted gold chains to the two rings on the edges of the chest piece.
Exodus 39:18 They attached both ends of the twisted chains to the settings and put them on the shoulder straps of the priestly vest, at the front.
Exodus 39:19 They made two gold rings and placed them on the breastplate's two ends, on its edge, next to the ephod inside.
Exodus 39:20 They made two more gold rings and placed them on the ephod's sides, near the front, opposite the other set, above the decorative belt.
Exodus 39:21 They tied the breastplate to the ephod with blue cord, so it would sit above the ephod's decorative belt and not come loose, just as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:22 He made the ephod's robe of woven fabric, all in blue.
Exodus 39:23 The robe had a hole in the middle, like the hole in armor, with a band around it so it wouldn't tear.
Exodus 39:24 They attached blue, purple, and red pomegranates with twisted linen to the edges of the robe.
Exodus 39:25 They made pure gold bells and placed them among the pomegranates on the robe's hem all around.
Exodus 39:26 A bell and a fruit, a bell and a fruit, all around the bottom of the robe for serving, just as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:27 They made fine linen coats with woven designs for Aaron and his sons.
Exodus 39:28 A hat of fine linen, nice caps of fine linen, and linen shorts of fine twisted linen.
Exodus 39:29 A belt of fine linen, twisted with blue, purple, and red threads, embroidered as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:30 They made the holy crown's plate out of pure gold and engraved on it, like a seal, "Holiness to God."
Exodus 39:31 They attached a blue cord to it to tie it to the top of the turban, as God told Moses.
Exodus 39:32 All the work for the tabernacle, the meeting tent, was completed. The Israelites followed all the instructions God gave to Moses.
Exodus 39:33 They brought the sacred tent to Moses, with all its equipment, its hooks, frames, bars, posts, and bases.
Exodus 39:34 The coverings made of red-dyed ram skins, the coverings of sea cow hides, and the curtain of the tent.
Exodus 39:35 The box with God's rules, its poles, and the lid with forgiveness.
Exodus 39:36 The table, all its dishes, and the bread on display,
Exodus 39:37 The clean lampstand and its lamps, the lamps arranged properly, all its tools, and the oil for lighting.
Exodus 39:38 The gold altar, the special oil, the sweet-smelling incense, and the curtain for the tent entrance.
Exodus 39:39 The bronze altar, its bronze grid, its poles, and all its tools, the washbasin and its base,
Exodus 39:40 The curtains of the courtyard, its columns, and bases, the curtain for the gate of the courtyard, its ropes, and stakes, and all the tools used in the service of the meeting tent.
Exodus 39:41 The special clothes for serving in the sacred area, the holy outfits for Aaron the priest, and clothes for his sons to serve as priests.
Exodus 39:42 Just as God told Moses, the Israelites did all the work.
Exodus 39:43 Moses looked at all the work, and saw they had done it just as God had commanded, so he blessed them.

Exodus 40:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 40:2 On the first day of the first month, you will set up the meeting tent's tabernacle.
Exodus 40:3 Place the Ark of the Covenant inside, and hang the curtain in front of the Ark.
Exodus 40:4 Bring in the table and arrange the items on it; then bring in the lampstand and light its lamps.
Exodus 40:5 Place the gold altar for the incense in front of the ark of the covenant and hang the curtain at the entrance of the tent.
Exodus 40:6 Place the altar for burnt offerings in front of the entrance to the tent where people meet with God.
Exodus 40:7 Place the basin between the meeting tent and the altar, and fill it with water.
Exodus 40:8 You will set up the courtyard all around and put up the curtain at the courtyard entrance.
Exodus 40:9 You will take the anointing oil, and anoint the tent of worship, and everything in it, and make it holy, and all its containers: and it will be holy.
Exodus 40:10 You will anoint the altar where offerings are burned, along with all its tools, and make the altar holy: it will be a very holy altar.
Exodus 40:11 Pour oil on the basin and its stand, and make it holy.
Exodus 40:12 Bring Aaron and his sons to the entrance of the meeting tent and wash them with water.
Exodus 40:13 Dress Aaron in the holy clothes, anoint him, and make him holy, so he can serve me as a priest.
Exodus 40:14 Bring his sons and dress them in robes.
Exodus 40:15 You will anoint them just as you anointed their father so they can serve me as priests. Their anointing will be for a priesthood that lasts forever, generation after generation.
Exodus 40:16 Moses did everything just as God had commanded him.
Exodus 40:17 In the first month of the second year, on the first day, the tabernacle was set up.
Exodus 40:18 Moses set up the tent, secured its bases, put up its frames, inserted the crossbars, and raised its posts.
Exodus 40:19 He spread out the tent over the holy tent, and placed the tent's covering on top of it, just as God had instructed Moses.
Exodus 40:20 He took the testimony, placed it in the chest, attached the poles to the chest, and set the cover on top of the chest.
Exodus 40:21 He put the ark in the tent and hung the curtain to cover the ark of the covenant, just as God told Moses to do.
Exodus 40:22 He placed the table in the meeting tent, on the north side of the dwelling, outside the curtain.
Exodus 40:23 He arranged the bread on it before God, as God had instructed Moses.
Exodus 40:24 He placed the lampstand in the meeting tent opposite the table, on the south side of the tent.
Exodus 40:25 He lit the lamps before God as God had told Moses to do.
Exodus 40:26 He placed the gold altar in the meeting tent in front of the curtain.
Exodus 40:27 He burned sweet-smelling incense on it, just as God told Moses.
Exodus 40:28 He put up the curtain at the entrance of the tent.
Exodus 40:29 He placed the altar for burnt sacrifices near the entrance of the meeting tent's tabernacle and gave burnt and grain offerings on it, just as God told Moses.
Exodus 40:30 He placed the basin between the meeting tent and the altar and filled it with water for washing.
Exodus 40:31 Moses, Aaron, and his sons washed their hands and feet there.
Exodus 40:32 When they entered the meeting tent, and as they approached the altar, they washed; just as God told Moses.
Exodus 40:33 He built the courtyard around the tent and the altar, and put up the curtain for the courtyard entrance. So Moses completed the task.
Exodus 40:34 A cloud hid the meeting tent, and God's glory filled the dwelling place.
Exodus 40:35 Moses could not go into the meeting tent because the cloud stayed on it, and God's glory filled the holy tent.
Exodus 40:36 When the cloud lifted above the tent, the Israelites moved forward on their travels.
Exodus 40:37 But if the cloud did not rise, then they did not move until it did.
Exodus 40:38 God's cloud was over the tent during the day, and at night, there was fire in all the Israelites' view during their travels.

Leviticus 1:1 God called to Moses and spoke to him from the tent where people gather, saying,
Leviticus 1:2 Talk to the people of Israel and tell them: If anyone wants to give an offering to God, it should be a farm animal from the herd or flock.
Leviticus 1:3 If he brings a burnt offering from the herd, it must be a flawless male. He must present it by his own choice at the entrance of the meeting tent before God.
Leviticus 1:4 He must place his hand on the head of the burnt offering, and it will be accepted on his behalf to forgive him.
Leviticus 1:5 He must kill the bull before God, and Aaron's sons, the priests, will take the blood and sprinkle it all around the altar near the tent of meeting's entrance.
Leviticus 1:6 He will remove the skin of the burned offering and cut it into pieces.
Leviticus 1:7 Aaron's sons, who are priests, will put fire on the altar and arrange the wood on the fire.
Leviticus 1:8 The priests, who are Aaron's sons, will place the pieces, the head, and the fat on the wood that is burning on the altar.
Leviticus 1:9 He must wash its inner parts and legs with water. Then the priest will burn everything on the altar as a burnt offering, a fire-made offering with a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 1:10 If his sacrifice comes from the flock, from the sheep or goats, for a burnt offering, he must present a male without defects.
Leviticus 1:11 He will kill the offering on the north side of the altar in front of God, and Aaron's sons, the priests, will sprinkle its blood all around on the altar.
Leviticus 1:12 He will cut it into pieces, including the head and the fat, and the priest will arrange them on the wood that is burning on the altar.
Leviticus 1:13 He must wash the insides and legs with water: then the priest must take and burn it all on the altar. It is a burnt offering, a fire-offering, with a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 1:14 If his burnt offering to God is birds, he must bring turtledoves or young pigeons.
Leviticus 1:15 The priest will take it to the altar, remove its head, and burn it on the altar. The blood will be drained at the side of the altar.
Leviticus 1:16 He will remove its stomach and its feathers and throw them near the altar on the east side, at the place for ashes.
Leviticus 1:17 He should split it to its wings, but not cut it completely. The priest will burn it on the altar with wood on the fire. It is a burnt offering, a fire sacrifice, that smells good to God.

Leviticus 2:1 When someone wants to give a grain offering to God, it must be of fine flour; they are to pour oil on it and add frankincense.
Leviticus 2:2 He must take it to the priests, Aaron's sons. He must scoop out a handful of the flour and oil, along with all the frankincense. The priest will then burn this portion on the altar as a fire offering, a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 2:3 Aaron and his sons will get the rest of the grain offering; it is a very holy part of the offerings to God made with fire.
Leviticus 2:4 If you offer a grain gift cooked in an oven, it should be flatbreads without yeast made from fine flour mixed with oil, or thin crackers without yeast spread with oil.
Leviticus 2:5 If your offering is a grain baked in a pan, it should be made of pure flour without yeast, mixed with oil.
Leviticus 2:6 You will cut it into pieces and pour oil on it: it is a food offering.
Leviticus 2:7 If your gift is a grain offering cooked in a pan, make it with fine flour and oil.
Leviticus 2:8 Bring the grain offering made from these things to God. When you give it to the priest, he will take it to the altar.
Leviticus 2:9 The priest will take a part of the grain offering to remember it, and burn it on the altar. It is a fire offering, a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 2:10 Aaron and his sons can have what's left of the grain offering; it is very holy and comes from the offerings made to God by fire.
Leviticus 2:11 Do not use yeast when you make any food offering for God. You must not burn any yeast or honey in a fire offering to God.
Leviticus 2:12 For the offering of the first crops, give them to God, but do not burn them on the altar as a pleasing aroma.
Leviticus 2:13 In all grain offerings you make, you must use salt. Do not forget to add the salt that represents your agreement with God. Include salt with all your offerings.
Leviticus 2:14 If you bring a grain offering of your first crops to God, you must present roasted green heads of grain as the grain offering from your first crops.
Leviticus 2:15 Put oil on it and place frankincense on top: it is a food offering.
Leviticus 2:16 The priest will burn some of the crushed grain and some of the oil, along with all the incense, as a reminder. This is a fire offering to God.

Leviticus 3:1 If his gift is a peace offering sacrifice from the cattle, whether male or female, he must present one without any defects to God.
Leviticus 3:2 He must put his hand on the head of his offering and kill it at the entrance of the meeting tent. Then the sons of Aaron, who are priests, will splash its blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 3:3 He must present part of the peace offering as a fire offering to God; this includes the fat covering the inner parts and all the fat on the inner parts.
Leviticus 3:4 Take out the two kidneys and the fat on them near the flanks, as well as the fatty membrane over the liver along with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:5 Aaron's sons will burn it on the altar with the burnt offering that is on top of the wood on the fire. This is a fire offering with a pleasing smell to God.
Leviticus 3:6 If someone presents a peace offering to God from the flock, whether male or female, it must be without any defects.
Leviticus 3:7 If he gives a lamb as his offering, he must present it to God.
Leviticus 3:8 He must put his hand on his offering's head and kill it in front of the meeting tent; and Aaron's sons must splash its blood all around on the altar.
Leviticus 3:9 He must present part of the peace offering as a burnt offering to God; the fat and the entire tail must be removed close to the backbone, along with the fat covering the internal organs and all the fat on the organs.
Leviticus 3:10 God wants the two kidneys and the fat on them, near the belly, and the layer on the liver to be removed along with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:11 The priest will burn it on the altar; it is the food for the fire offering to God.
Leviticus 3:12 If he brings a goat as his offering, then he must present it before God.
Leviticus 3:13 He will put his hand on its head and kill it in front of the meeting tent. Aaron's sons will splash its blood on the sides of the altar.
Leviticus 3:14 He must present his sacrifice to God, a burnt offering; the fat covering the inner parts and all the fat on the internal organs.
Leviticus 3:15 Take out the two kidneys and the fat on them near the flanks, and the layer on the liver along with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:16 The priest will burn them on the altar; this is the food of the fire offering that smells sweet: all the fat belongs to God.
Leviticus 3:17 This rule will always apply to all your future families wherever you live: you must not eat fat or blood.

Leviticus 4:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 4:2 Tell the people of Israel, if anyone sins by mistake by breaking any of God's rules about things they should not do, and disobeys any of these rules:
Leviticus 4:3 If the anointed priest sins like the people do, then he must bring a young, perfect bull to God as a sin offering for his sin.
Leviticus 4:4 He must bring the bull to the entrance of the meeting tent in front of God; then he must put his hand on the bull's head and kill it in front of God.
Leviticus 4:5 The priest who is chosen will take some of the bull's blood and bring it to the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:6 The priest will dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times before God, in front of the sanctuary's curtain.
Leviticus 4:7 The priest will put some blood on the horns of the incense altar before God, in the meeting tent; and will pour out all the bull's blood at the base of the burnt offering altar, by the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:8 He must remove all the fat from the bull for the sin offering; the fat covering the insides, and all the fat on the insides.
Leviticus 4:9 Take out both kidneys and the fat on them near the flanks, and the fat above the liver with the kidneys.
Leviticus 4:10 The priest took it from the bull used for the peace offering and will burn it on the altar for burnt offerings.
Leviticus 4:11 Take the cow's skin, all its meat, head, legs, insides, and waste.
Leviticus 4:12 Take the entire bull outside the camp to a clean area where ashes are dumped and burn it on wood with fire; burn it where ashes are dumped.
Leviticus 4:13 If the whole community of Israel sins without knowing it, and they do something they should not do against God's commands without realizing it, they are still guilty.
Leviticus 4:14 When the sin they committed becomes known, the people must offer a young bull for the sin and bring it to the tent where they meet.
Leviticus 4:15 The leaders of the people will put their hands on the bull's head before God, and the bull will be killed before God.
Leviticus 4:16 The priest who has been anointed will take some of the bull's blood to the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:17 The priest will dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times in front of God, near the curtain.
Leviticus 4:18 He will put some of the blood on the altar's horns in front of God, in the tent where people meet, and pour all the blood at the base of the altar for burnt offerings, near the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 4:19 He must take all the fat from the animal and burn it on the altar.
Leviticus 4:20 He must treat this bull just like the sin offering bull; the priest will make atonement for them, and they will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:21 He shall take the bull outside the camp and burn it as he did the first bull: it is a sin offering for the people.
Leviticus 4:22 When a leader sins and unknowingly breaks any of God's commands about things that should not be done, and is guilty;
Leviticus 4:23 If he realizes his sin, he must bring a perfect male goat as his offering.
Leviticus 4:24 He must put his hand on the goat's head and kill it where they sacrifice burnt offerings to God; it is an offering for sin.
Leviticus 4:25 The priest will take some blood from the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the corners of the altar for burnt sacrifices, and then pour the rest of the blood at the base of the altar for burnt sacrifices.
Leviticus 4:26 He must burn all the fat on the altar, just like the fat from peace offerings. The priest will then perform a ritual for his sin, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:27 If someone ordinary sins by mistake, doing something against God's commands that should not be done, that person is guilty.
Leviticus 4:28 If he realizes his sin, he must bring a perfect female goat as an offering for his sin.
Leviticus 4:29 He must put his hand on the sin offering's head and kill it where they kill the burnt offerings.
Leviticus 4:30 The priest will take some of its blood with his finger and put it on the altar's horns, and then pour out all the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:31 He must remove all the fat just like the fat is removed from the peace offering; the priest will burn it on the altar to please God; the priest will perform a cleansing for him, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:32 If he offers a lamb as a sin sacrifice, he must bring a perfect female.
Leviticus 4:33 He must put his hand on the sin offering's head and kill it where they sacrifice the burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:34 The priest will take some blood from the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the corners of the altar for burnt sacrifices, and then pour out all the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:35 He will remove all the fat like the fat removed from the peace offering lamb; the priest will burn it on the altar as a fire offering to God. The priest will perform a ritual to forgive his sin, and he will be forgiven.

Leviticus 5:1 If a person sins, hears someone swear an oath, and is a witness, knowing or seeing what happened, but doesn't speak up, then that person will be guilty.
Leviticus 5:2 If someone touches anything dirty, like the dead body of an unclean animal, or dead unclean livestock, or dead unclean crawling creatures, without realizing it, that person will be unclean and guilty.
Leviticus 5:3 If he touches anything unclean relating to a person, any kind of human uncleanness, and is not aware of it but later realizes it, he is guilty.
Leviticus 5:4 If someone promises to do something bad or good without realizing it, and later they understand what they promised, they are responsible for their promise.
Leviticus 5:5 When he realizes his guilt in any of these matters, he must admit that he has sinned.
Leviticus 5:6 He must bring a guilt offering to God for the sin he committed, either a female sheep or goat, for a sin sacrifice; and the priest will make amends for his sin.
Leviticus 5:7 If he can't afford a lamb, he must bring two doves or two young pigeons to God for his guilt—one for a sin offering and the other for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 5:8 He must take them to the priest, who will sacrifice the sin offering first, then twist off its head without separating it from the body.
Leviticus 5:9 He must sprinkle some of the sin offering's blood on the altar's side; the rest of the blood must be poured out at the altar's base: it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:10 He must present the second as a burnt offering in the right way. The priest will perform a ritual to forgive his sin, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:11 If he can't afford two doves or two young pigeons, the person who sinned must bring a tenth of an ephah of fine flour as a sin offering. He must not add oil or frankincense to it because it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:12 He must take it to the priest, and the priest will grab a handful of it as a reminder and burn it on the altar as a fire offering to God; it is an offering for sin.
Leviticus 5:13 The priest will make up for his sin that he sinned in one of these cases, and he will be forgiven; the leftover will belong to the priest, like a food offering.
Leviticus 5:14 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 5:15 If someone does something wrong by mistake against the sacred things of God, they must bring a perfect ram from their flock, estimated in silver shekels according to the holy standards, as a penalty offering to God.
Leviticus 5:16 He must pay for the damage he did to the sacred things, add one-fifth more, and give it to the priest. The priest will use the ram for the guilt offering to make things right for him, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:17 If someone sins and does something God's commands say not to do, even if they didn't know it, they're still guilty and must accept the consequences.
Leviticus 5:18 He must bring a perfect ram from the flock, valued by you, for a guilt offering to the priest. The priest will perform a ritual to make up for his mistake which he did without knowing, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:19 It is a guilt offering: he has truly done wrong against God.

Leviticus 6:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:2 If someone sins, breaks faith with God, and lies to a friend about something entrusted to them, shared in partnership, stolen, or if they have cheated their friend;
Leviticus 6:3 Or if someone finds something lost and lies about it, or swears falsely, in any of these things that a person does, they sin.
Leviticus 6:4 He must make up for what he did because he sinned and is guilty. He has to return what he stole, what he got by lying, what was given to him to look after, or what he found and kept.
Leviticus 6:5 If someone lies about anything they own, they must give back the original amount plus an extra fifth to the person it belongs to, on the day they present their guilt offering.
Leviticus 6:6 He must bring his guilt offering to God, a perfect ram from the flock, valued by you, as a guilt offering to the priest.
Leviticus 6:7 The priest will ask God to forgive him, and he will be forgiven for any wrong he has done.
Leviticus 6:8 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:9 Tell Aaron and his sons, this is the rule for the burnt offering: It remains on the altar burning all night until morning, and the altar's fire must keep burning.
Leviticus 6:10 The priest will wear his linen clothes and linen underwear next to his skin, and he will remove the ashes left by the fire from the burnt offering on the altar and place them next to the altar.
Leviticus 6:11 He must take off his clothes, put on different clothes, and take the ashes outside the camp to a clean place.
Leviticus 6:12 The fire on the altar must keep burning; it must not go out. Every morning the priest will add wood to the fire, arrange the burnt offering on it, and burn the fat of the fellowship offerings on it.
Leviticus 6:13 The fire on the altar must keep burning; it must not go out.
Leviticus 6:14 This is the rule for the grain offering: Aaron's sons must present it to God in front of the altar.
Leviticus 6:15 He should take a handful of the flour and oil from the grain offering, along with all of its frankincense, and burn it on the altar as a pleasing aroma, as a reminder to God.
Leviticus 6:16 Aaron and his sons will eat the rest of it. They must eat it with bread without yeast in a sacred area—the courtyard of the tent where people meet.
Leviticus 6:17 Do not bake it with yeast. I have given it to them as their share of my offerings burned with fire; it is very holy, just like the sin offering and the guilt offering.
Leviticus 6:18 Every male in Aaron's family may eat from it. This rule about God's offerings made with fire will last forever for your descendants: anyone who touches them must be holy.
Leviticus 6:19 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:20 Aaron and his sons will give this gift to God on the day he is chosen: one-tenth of an ephah of fine flour for a regular food offering, half in the morning and half at night.
Leviticus 6:21 Cook it in a pan with oil. When it's baked, bring it in. Offer the baked pieces of the grain offering as a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 6:22 The son priest who takes his place and is anointed will offer it: this is a permanent rule for God; it must be completely burned.
Leviticus 6:23 Every food offering for the priest must be completely burned; it must not be eaten.
Leviticus 6:24 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:25 Tell Aaron and his sons, 'This is the rule for the sin offering: Kill the sin offering in the same place as the burnt offering—it's very holy, and it must be done before God.
Leviticus 6:26 The priest who sacrifices it for a sin will eat it. It must be eaten in a holy area, inside the courtyard of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 6:27 Anything that touches its meat will be sacred; and if any of its blood is splashed on clothes, you must wash them in a sacred place.
Leviticus 6:28 The clay pot used for boiling must be broken, but if it's boiled in a bronze pot, it must be scrubbed and washed with water.
Leviticus 6:29 Every male priest may eat from it; it is very holy.
Leviticus 6:30 Any sin offering whose blood is taken into the meeting tent to make peace in the holy area must not be eaten; it must be burned up.

Leviticus 7:1 This is the rule for the guilt offering: it is very holy.
Leviticus 7:2 In the spot where they kill the burnt sacrifice, they must also kill the guilt sacrifice, and its blood should be sprinkled all around the altar.
Leviticus 7:3 He must offer all of its fat; the tail and the fat covering the insides.
Leviticus 7:4 Take out the two kidneys with the fat around them near the loins, and the fatty tissue above the liver along with the kidneys.
Leviticus 7:5 The priest will burn them on the altar as an offering to God by fire; it is a guilt offering.
Leviticus 7:6 Every male priest may eat it; it must be eaten in a sacred place; it is very holy.
Leviticus 7:7 The sin offering and the trespass offering are the same; there is one rule for both: the priest who uses it to make amends will keep it.
Leviticus 7:8 The priest who presents someone's burnt sacrifice will keep the skin of that burnt offering for himself.
Leviticus 7:9 All the grain offerings baked in the oven, or cooked in the frying pan, or on a griddle, belong to the priest who offers them.
Leviticus 7:10 Every grain offering, mixed with oil or dry, shall be shared equally among Aaron's sons.
Leviticus 7:11 This is the rule for the peace offering sacrifice that a person will give to God.
Leviticus 7:12 If he brings it to say thank you, then with the thank you offering he must bring bread without yeast mixed with oil, thin crackers without yeast covered with oil, and cakes mixed with oil made of fine flour that are cooked.
Leviticus 7:13 Along with the cakes, he must also present yeast bread as part of his thanksgiving peace offering.
Leviticus 7:14 From the offering, one part should be given as a gift to God, and it belongs to the priest who splashes the blood of the peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:15 The meat from his peace offering for giving thanks must be eaten on the day it is offered; none of it should be kept until the next morning.
Leviticus 7:16 If his sacrifice is a promise or a free-will gift, it must be eaten on the day he makes his sacrifice. Any leftovers can be eaten the next day.
Leviticus 7:17 The rest of the meat from the offering must be burned on the third day.
Leviticus 7:18 If someone eats any meat from their peace offering on the third day, it won't be accepted, and the person who offered it won't get credit for it. It will be considered disgusting, and the person who eats it will be guilty.
Leviticus 7:19 Meat that touches anything unclean cannot be eaten; it must be burned: and about the meat, all who are clean can eat it.
Leviticus 7:20 But the person who eats from the peace offering sacrifice that belongs to God while they are unclean, that person will be separated from their people.
Leviticus 7:21 Anyone who touches something unclean, like human impurity, an unclean animal, or any unclean disgusting thing, and then eats from the peace offering dedicated to God, that person will be cut off from their community.
Leviticus 7:22 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 7:23 Tell the people of Israel, you must not eat any fat, from a cow, or a sheep, or a goat.
Leviticus 7:24 You can use the fat of an animal that dies on its own or one killed by other animals for other purposes, but you must not eat it.
Leviticus 7:25 Anyone who eats the fat of an animal that is offered as a fire sacrifice to God will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 7:26 You must not eat any kind of blood, from birds or animals, in any place you live.
Leviticus 7:27 Anyone who eats any kind of blood will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 7:28 God spoke to Moses and said.
Leviticus 7:29 Tell the people of Israel, whoever gives their peace offering to God must present it to God as their peace offering gift.
Leviticus 7:30 He must use his own hands to bring God's offerings burnt by fire, the fat and the breast, so he can wave the breast as a wave offering before God.
Leviticus 7:31 The priest will burn the fat on the altar, but the breast will belong to Aaron and his sons.
Leviticus 7:32 Give the right shoulder to the priest as a lifted gift from your peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:33 The priest from Aaron's descendants who presents the blood and fat of the fellowship offering will get the right shoulder as his share.
Leviticus 7:34 I have taken the breast that is waved and the shoulder that is lifted up from the Israelites, from their peace offering sacrifices, and given them to Aaron the priest and his sons as their share forever from the Israelites.
Leviticus 7:35 This is the part for Aaron and his sons from the fire offerings to God, on the day they were brought to serve God as priests.
Leviticus 7:36 God ordered this gift from the Israelites to them on the day they were anointed, as a rule to last for all their future generations.
Leviticus 7:37 This is the rule for the burnt offerings, grain offerings, sin offerings, guilt offerings, dedications, and peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:38 God told Moses on Mount Sinai to command the Israelites to give their offerings to God when they were in the Sinai wilderness.

Leviticus 8:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 8:2 Bring Aaron and his sons, their clothes, the anointing oil, a bull for the sin offering, two rams, and a basket of bread without yeast.
Leviticus 8:3 Bring everyone to the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 8:4 Moses did what God told him; and the people came together at the entrance of the tent of meeting.
Leviticus 8:5 Moses told the people, "This is what God has commanded to be done."
Leviticus 8:6 Moses took Aaron and his sons and washed them with water.
Leviticus 8:7 He put the coat on him, tied the belt around him, dressed him in the robe, placed the ephod on him, fastened the beautifully crafted ephod belt, and secured it to him.
Leviticus 8:8 He put the breastplate on him and placed the Urim and Thummim inside it.
Leviticus 8:9 He placed the turban on his head and on the turban, right on the front, he put the gold plate, the sacred crown, just as God told Moses.
Leviticus 8:10 Moses took the special oil and put it on the tent of worship and everything in it to make them holy.
Leviticus 8:11 He sprinkled it on the altar seven times and put oil on the altar and all its tools, as well as the washbasin and its base, to make them holy.
Leviticus 8:12 He put anointing oil on Aaron's head and made him holy by anointing him.
Leviticus 8:13 Moses brought Aaron's sons, dressed them in coats, tied belts around them, and put hats on their heads, just as God told Moses to do.
Leviticus 8:14 He brought the bull for the sin sacrifice, and Aaron and his sons put their hands on the bull's head for the sin sacrifice.
Leviticus 8:15 He killed the animal; Moses took the blood, touched it to the altar's horns all around with his finger to cleanse it, then poured the blood at the base of the altar to make it holy, so it could be used for making peace with God.
Leviticus 8:16 He took all the fat from the insides, the fatty membrane above the liver, both kidneys and their fat, and Moses burned them on the altar.
Leviticus 8:17 The bull, its skin, meat, and poop, were burned with fire outside the camp, as God told Moses.
Leviticus 8:18 He presented the ram for the burnt sacrifice, and Aaron and his sons put their hands on the ram's head.
Leviticus 8:19 He killed it, and Moses splashed the blood around the altar.
Leviticus 8:20 He cut the ram into pieces, and Moses burned the head, the parts, and the fat.
Leviticus 8:21 He washed the insides and the legs with water. Moses burned the whole ram on the altar. This was a burnt offering that smelled good, and a fire offering to God, just like God told Moses to do.
Leviticus 8:22 He brought the second ram, the dedication ram; and Aaron and his sons put their hands on the ram's head.
Leviticus 8:23 He killed it; Moses took some of its blood and put it on the top of Aaron's right ear, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
Leviticus 8:24 He brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put some blood on the top of their right ears, on the thumbs of their right hands, and on the big toes of their right feet; and Moses sprayed the blood around the altar.
Leviticus 8:25 He took the fat, the back part, all the fat on the insides, the membrane over the liver, both kidneys and their fat, and the right front leg.
Leviticus 8:26 From the basket of bread without yeast in front of God, he took one piece of unleavened bread, a piece of bread mixed with oil, and one thin cracker, and placed them on the fat and the right shoulder.
Leviticus 8:27 He placed everything on Aaron's hands and on his sons' hands and waved them as an offering before God.
Leviticus 8:28 Moses took them from their hands, burned them on the altar with the burnt offering; they were offerings to please God, a fire sacrifice to God.
Leviticus 8:29 Moses took the chest part of the ram and moved it back and forth as a special offering to God. This was Moses' share from the dedication ram, just as God told Moses to do.
Leviticus 8:30 Moses took some anointing oil and some blood from the altar, and he sprinkled it on Aaron, his clothes, his sons, and their clothes; and this made Aaron, his clothes, his sons, and their clothes holy.
Leviticus 8:31 Moses told Aaron and his sons, "Cook the meat at the entrance of the meeting tent, and eat it there with the bread from the dedication basket, just as I instructed, 'Aaron and his sons shall eat it.'"
Leviticus 8:32 Burn with fire whatever is left of the meat and bread.
Leviticus 8:33 Do not leave the entrance of the tent where the meeting is held for seven days, until your dedication time is finished, because you will be set apart for seven days.
Leviticus 8:34 As he has done today, so God has commanded to be done, to forgive you.
Leviticus 8:35 Stay by the entrance of the meeting tent day and night for seven days, and follow God's instructions so you won't die, because this is what I've been ordered to tell you.
Leviticus 8:36 Aaron and his sons did everything that God told them through Moses.

Leviticus 9:1 On the eighth day, Moses called Aaron, his sons, and Israel's elders.
Leviticus 9:2 He told Aaron, "Take a young calf for a sin offering and a perfect ram for a burnt offering, and present them to God."
Leviticus 9:3 Tell the Israelites to take a young goat for a sin offering, and a calf and a lamb—both one year old and without any defects—for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 9:4 Also a bull and a ram for peace sacrifices, to offer to God; and a food offering mixed with oil: because today God will appear to you.
Leviticus 9:5 They brought what Moses ordered to the tent of meeting, and everyone came close and stood before God.
Leviticus 9:6 Moses said, "Do what God has commanded and God's glory will show itself to you."
Leviticus 9:7 Moses told Aaron, "Go to the altar, give your sin offering and your burnt offering to ask for forgiveness for yourself and the people. Also present the people's offering and ask for forgiveness for them, as God commanded."
Leviticus 9:8 Aaron went to the altar and killed the calf for his own sin offering.
Leviticus 9:9 Aaron's sons brought the blood to him, and he touched it with his finger and put it on the altar's horns, and spilled the rest at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 9:10 He burned the fat, the kidneys, and the covering over the liver of the sin offering on the altar, just as God told Moses.
Leviticus 9:11 He burned the meat and the skin with fire outside the camp.
Leviticus 9:12 He killed the burnt offering; Aaron's sons brought him the blood, and he splashed it all around the altar.
Leviticus 9:13 They gave him the burnt offering with its parts and the head, and he burned them on the altar.
Leviticus 9:14 He washed the insides and legs, and burned them with the burnt offering on the altar.
Leviticus 9:15 He presented the offering from the people, took the goat that was for the people's sin offering, killed it, and sacrificed it for sin, first of all.
Leviticus 9:16 He presented the burnt offering and did it the proper way.
Leviticus 9:17 He brought the grain offering, took a handful, and burned it on the altar, next to the morning's burnt offering.
Leviticus 9:18 He also killed the bull and the ram as a peace offering sacrifice for the people; Aaron's sons brought him the blood, and he splashed it on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 9:19 The fat of the ox and the sheep, the back part, everything covering the insides, the kidneys, and the membrane over the liver.
Leviticus 9:20 They placed the fat on the breasts and burned the fat on the altar.
Leviticus 9:21 Aaron waved the chest and the right shoulder as a wave offering before God, just as Moses had instructed.
Leviticus 9:22 Aaron raised his hand to the people, gave them a blessing, and then stepped down after presenting the sin offering, the burnt offering, and the peace offerings.
Leviticus 9:23 Moses and Aaron went into the meeting tent, came out, and blessed the people; then God's glory showed to everyone.
Leviticus 9:24 Fire came from God and burned up the offering and the fat on the altar. When the people saw this, they cheered and fell to the ground with their faces down.

Leviticus 10:1 Nadab and Abihu, Aaron's sons, each took a censer, added fire and incense, and offered unauthorized fire to God, which He had not instructed them to do.
Leviticus 10:2 Fire came from God, consumed them, and they died in God's presence.
Leviticus 10:3 Then Moses told Aaron, "This is what God said, 'I must be honored by those who come close to me, and I must be respected in front of all the people.'" And Aaron was quiet.
Leviticus 10:4 Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, Uzziel's sons and Aaron's nephews, and said to them, "Come here, take your brothers away from in front of the holy place, out of the camp."
Leviticus 10:5 They went close and took them outside the camp in their coats, just as Moses had instructed.
Leviticus 10:6 Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and Ithamar, his sons, "Do not uncover your heads or tear your clothes, so you will not die and so anger will not come upon everyone. But let your relatives, all the people of Israel, mourn the fire that God has started."
Leviticus 10:7 Do not leave the entrance of the meeting tent, or you will die, because God's special oil is on you. They did as Moses said.
Leviticus 10:8 God spoke to Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 10:9 Do not drink wine or strong drink, you or your sons, when you enter the meeting tent, so you don't die. This rule is forever for all your descendants.
Leviticus 10:10 So you can tell what is holy from what is not, and what is clean from what is unclean.
Leviticus 10:11 So you can teach the Israelites all the rules that God has given them through Moses.
Leviticus 10:12 Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and Ithamar, his remaining sons, "Take the leftover grain offering from God's fire offerings and eat it without yeast near the altar, because it is very holy."
Leviticus 10:13 You must eat it in the sacred place, because it is your share and your sons' share from God's sacrifices made by fire: this is what I am told to do.
Leviticus 10:14 Eat the waved breast and the raised shoulder in a clean place; you, your sons, and your daughters with you. These are your share and your sons' share from the peace offerings of the people of Israel.
Leviticus 10:15 Bring the lifted shoulder and the waved chest along with the burned fat offerings to present as a waved offering before God; it will be yours and your sons' forever, as God has ordered.
Leviticus 10:16 Moses carefully looked for the goat for the sin sacrifice and saw it was burned. He was mad at Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons who were still alive, and said,
Leviticus 10:17 Why didn't you eat the sin offering in the holy area when it is very holy, and God has given it to you to take away the people's sins and make them right with God?
Leviticus 10:18 Look, its blood was not taken into the holy place; you should have eaten it there, as I instructed.
Leviticus 10:19 Aaron said to Moses, "Look, today they gave their sin offering and burnt offering to God. Such things have happened to me. If I had eaten the sin offering today, would it have been okay with God?"
Leviticus 10:20 When Moses heard it, he was happy.

Leviticus 11:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, telling them,
Leviticus 11:2 Tell the people of Israel, "You can eat these animals from all the animals on the earth."
Leviticus 11:3 Whatever animal has a split hoof and chews the cud among the animals, you can eat.
Leviticus 11:4 You must not eat these animals that chew the cud or have split hooves: the camel chews the cud but does not have a split hoof; it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:5 The rock badger, because it chews its food again but does not have split hooves, is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:6 The rabbit, because it chews the cud but does not have split hooves, is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:7 Pigs have split hooves but don't chew their food again; they are not clean for you.
Leviticus 11:8 Do not eat their meat or touch their dead bodies; they are unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:9 You can eat any sea creature with fins and scales from the water, sea, or river.
Leviticus 11:10 All creatures in the sea or rivers that do not have fins and scales, and every living thing in the water, are not to be eaten by you.
Leviticus 11:11 You should find them disgusting; do not eat their meat, and consider their dead bodies disgusting too.
Leviticus 11:12 Anything in the water that doesn't have fins or scales is disgusting to you.
Leviticus 11:13 You must hate these birds and never eat them because they are dirty: the eagle, the vulture, and the kite.
Leviticus 11:14 Also the vulture and every kind of kite.
Leviticus 11:15 All kinds of ravens.
Leviticus 11:16 The owl, the nighthawk, the cuckoo, and the hawk, each of its own kind,
Leviticus 11:17 Also the little owl, the cormorant, and the large owl,
Leviticus 11:18 The swan, the pelican, and the vulture,
Leviticus 11:19 Also the stork, all types of herons, the lapwing, and the bat.
Leviticus 11:20 All birds that crawl on four legs must disgust you.
Leviticus 11:21 You can eat any flying insects that walk on four legs and have joints above their legs to jump on the earth.
Leviticus 11:22 You can eat these: different types of locusts, bald locusts, beetles, and grasshoppers.
Leviticus 11:23 But all other flying insects that have four legs will be disgusting to you.
Leviticus 11:24 You will be unclean if you touch the dead body of these animals until evening.
Leviticus 11:25 Anyone who touches any part of a dead animal must wash their clothes and will be unclean until the evening.
Leviticus 11:26 The bodies of any animals that have split hooves but are not completely split or do not chew their food well are not clean for you; anyone who touches them will be unclean.
Leviticus 11:27 Any animal that walks on its paws among all the four-legged animals is unclean to you; anyone who touches their dead body will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:28 Whoever carries their dead body must wash their clothes and will be unclean until evening; they are unclean to you.
Leviticus 11:29 These animals are also unclean for you among the ones that crawl on the ground: the weasel, the mouse, and the tortoise of its kind.
Leviticus 11:30 The ferret, the chameleon, the lizard, the snail, and the mole.
Leviticus 11:31 These crawling creatures are impure to you: anyone who touches them after they die will be impure until evening.
Leviticus 11:32 If any of these dead creatures falls on something, that thing will become unclean. This includes any wooden object, clothes, leather, or bag—anything used for work. It must be put in water and will be unclean until evening; then it will be clean.
Leviticus 11:33 If something unclean falls into a clay pot, everything inside it becomes unclean, and you must break the pot.
Leviticus 11:34 All food that can be eaten will become unclean if water touches it; any drink that can be drunk from any container will become unclean too.
Leviticus 11:35 Anything that touches any part of their dead body will be unclean; this includes ovens and cooking stoves, which must be destroyed because they are unclean and will be unclean to you.
Leviticus 11:36 Even so, a spring or well with lots of water will be clean, but anything that touches a dead body will be unclean.
Leviticus 11:37 If any piece of their dead body touches seeds that are to be planted, the seeds are still clean.
Leviticus 11:38 If water touches the seed and any part of a dead body touches it, it becomes unclean to you.
Leviticus 11:39 If an animal you can eat dies, anyone who touches its dead body will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:40 Anyone who eats from the dead body must wash their clothes and will be unclean until evening; and anyone who carries the dead body must wash their clothes and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:41 Every crawling creature on earth is unclean and must not be eaten.
Leviticus 11:42 Do not eat any creature that crawls on its belly, walks on all fours, or has many legs. They are not to be eaten because they are disgusting.
Leviticus 11:43 Do not make yourself disgusting with any crawling creature, nor make yourself dirty with them, so you don't become unclean through them.
Leviticus 11:44 I am your God, so make yourselves holy and be holy because I am holy. Do not make yourselves unclean with any crawling creature on the earth.
Leviticus 11:45 I am God who brought you out of Egypt to be your God. So you must be holy, because I am holy.
Leviticus 11:46 This is the rule for animals, birds, all creatures that live in the water, and every creature that crawls on the ground.
Leviticus 11:47 To show the difference between what is unclean and clean, and between animals you can eat and those you cannot.

Leviticus 12:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 12:2 Talk to the Israelites and say, if a woman has a baby and it is a boy, she will be unclean for seven days, just like when she is on her period.
Leviticus 12:3 On the eighth day, the skin of his private part should be cut.
Leviticus 12:4 She must then wait thirty-three days to be purified from her bleeding. She must not touch anything sacred or go to the holy place until her purification period is over.
Leviticus 12:5 If she gives birth to a girl, she will be unclean for two weeks like during her period. She will stay in the blood of her cleansing for 66 days.
Leviticus 12:6 When the time of her cleansing for a son or daughter is complete, she must bring a one-year-old lamb for a burnt offering and a young pigeon or dove for a sin offering to the entrance of the meeting tent, to the priest.
Leviticus 12:7 Who will present it to God and provide a sacrifice for her; she will then be purified from her bleeding. This is the rule for a woman who has given birth to a boy or a girl.
Leviticus 12:8 If she can't afford a lamb, she must bring two doves or two young pigeons; one for a sacrifice to honor God, and the other for a sin offering. The priest will perform a ceremony to forgive her sins, and then she will be pure.

Leviticus 13:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 13:2 When a person has a swelling, a rash, or a shiny spot on their skin that may be a sign of leprosy, they must go to Aaron the priest or one of his sons who are priests.
Leviticus 13:3 The priest will check the skin disease: if the hair turns white and the disease seems deeper than the skin, it is leprosy. The priest will see this and say the person is not clean.
Leviticus 13:4 If there's a white bright spot on the skin and it's not deeper than the skin and the hair hasn't turned white, the priest must isolate the person with the sickness for seven days.
Leviticus 13:5 On the seventh day, the priest will examine the person, and if the disease has not spread and is not active, the priest will isolate the person for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:6 On the seventh day, the priest will look at the person again. If the infection looks darker and hasn't spread on the skin, the priest will say they are clean. It's only a scab. Then they must wash their clothes and they will be clean.
Leviticus 13:7 If the scab spreads widely on the skin after the priest has checked him for being clean, the priest must examine him again.
Leviticus 13:8 If the priest sees the scab spreading on the skin, the priest must say he is unclean because it is leprosy.
Leviticus 13:9 If a man has leprosy, he must go to the priest.
Leviticus 13:10 The priest must look at him, and if there's a white swelling on the skin that has turned the hair white, and there is fresh, red skin in the swelling.
Leviticus 13:11 The skin disease is serious and old, and the priest will say he is unclean; he won't isolate him because he is already unclean.
Leviticus 13:12 If someone's skin breaks out with leprosy all over from head to foot, wherever the priest checks;
Leviticus 13:13 The priest will look, and if the skin disease has spread over all the person's skin, he will declare the person with the disease clean because it has all become white; the person is clean.
Leviticus 13:14 But if he sees raw flesh, he must be considered unclean.
Leviticus 13:15 The priest will look at the sore skin and say it is not clean: because sore skin is not clean: it is a disease.
Leviticus 13:16 If the sore heals and turns white, he should go to the priest.
Leviticus 13:17 The priest will look at the person and if the disease has become white, the priest will declare that the person with the disease is clean.
Leviticus 13:18 If someone had a boil on their skin and it healed,
Leviticus 13:19 If there's a white swelling or a bright white and reddish spot where the boil was, show it to the priest.
Leviticus 13:20 If the priest sees that the mark looks deeper than the skin and the hair in it has turned white, the priest must say the person is unclean. It is a case of leprosy that has come from the sore.
Leviticus 13:21 If the priest sees it and there are no white hairs, and it's not below the skin but a bit dark, then the priest must isolate him for seven days.
Leviticus 13:22 If it spreads a lot on the skin, then the priest must say he is not clean: it is a disease.
Leviticus 13:23 If the bright spot stays the same and does not spread, it is a healed boil; the priest will say he is clean.
Leviticus 13:24 If there is a burning sore on someone's skin and the healed part turns white or reddish-white.
Leviticus 13:25 The priest will look at it, and if the hair in the bright area has turned white and it appears to be deeper than the skin, it is leprosy that has come from the sore. So, the priest will say he is not clean; it is leprosy.
Leviticus 13:26 If the priest sees the spot and there is no white hair in it, if it's not deeper than the skin but is dark, then the priest will isolate the person for seven days.
Leviticus 13:27 On the seventh day, the priest will examine him, and if the skin infection has spread widely, the priest will declare him unclean because it is leprosy.
Leviticus 13:28 If the shiny spot stays the same and does not spread on the skin, but gets a little darker, it is a scar from the burn. The priest will say he is clean because it is just the swelling from the burn.
Leviticus 13:29 If a man or woman has a disease on their head or beard;
Leviticus 13:30 The priest will look at the sore, and if it is deeper than the skin and has a thin yellow hair, the priest will declare the person unclean. It is a dry scaly infection, a form of leprosy on the head or beard.
Leviticus 13:31 If the priest sees the scall infection and it's not deeper than the skin, and there's no black hair in it, then the priest will quarantine the person with the scall infection for seven days.
Leviticus 13:32 On the seventh day, the priest will examine the sore. If it hasn't spread, there's no yellow hair, and it's not deeper than the skin,
Leviticus 13:33 He must shave his hair, but not the scall. The priest will isolate the person with the scall for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:34 On the seventh day, the priest will check the scall. If the scall has not spread on the skin or looks deep, the priest will say he is clean. Then he must wash his clothes and will be clean.
Leviticus 13:35 If the rash spreads on the skin after he is cleaned;
Leviticus 13:36 The priest will look at him and if the scall has spread on the skin, the priest won't look for yellow hair; he is unclean.
Leviticus 13:37 If the sore hasn't spread and black hair has grown in it, the sore is healed and the person is clean; the priest will declare them clean.
Leviticus 13:38 If a man or woman has shiny white spots on their skin;
Leviticus 13:39 Then the priest will look, and if there are light white spots on their skin, it's just a common freckle; they are clean.
Leviticus 13:40 If a man loses his hair and becomes bald, he is still clean.
Leviticus 13:41 Anyone whose hair has fallen out from the front of their head is bald on the forehead but is still clean.
Leviticus 13:42 If there is a white and red sore on the bald head or forehead, it is leprosy that has developed on the bald spot.
Leviticus 13:43 The priest will look at it, and if there is a white-red swelling on his bald head or forehead, it is like leprosy on the skin.
Leviticus 13:44 He has leprosy and is not clean. The priest must say he is completely not clean; his disease is on his head.
Leviticus 13:45 The person with leprosy who has the sickness must tear their clothes, leave their head uncovered, cover their upper lip, and shout, "Unclean, unclean."
Leviticus 13:46 Every day the sickness is in him, he is unclean and must live alone outside the camp.
Leviticus 13:47 The piece of clothing that has leprosy, whether it is made of wool or linen;
Leviticus 13:48 Whether it's in the threads, in linen, in wool, in leather, or in anything made of leather;
Leviticus 13:49 If the infection on the clothes or skin looks green or red, whether on the threads or in the fabric or on something made of skin, it is a sign of leprosy and must be shown to the priest.
Leviticus 13:50 The priest will examine the disease and isolate the affected person for seven days.
Leviticus 13:51 On the seventh day, he will check the disease. If the disease has spread in the fabric, whether the threads or the weave, or in leather, or in anything made of leather, the disease is a harmful skin condition; it is not clean.
Leviticus 13:52 He must burn the clothing, whether it is woven or knitted from wool or linen, or made of leather, if it has the disease on it. It is a persistent infection and must be burned with fire.
Leviticus 13:53 If the priest looks and sees the disease has not spread in the cloth, whether woven or knitted, or in anything made of leather;
Leviticus 13:54 The priest will order them to wash the item with the disease, and he will isolate it for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:55 The priest will look at the sickness after washing it. If the sickness hasn't changed color or spread, it's not clean. You must burn it because the disease is deep, whether it shows on the inside or outside.
Leviticus 13:56 If the priest sees that the spot is darker after it has been washed, he must cut it out of the fabric, leather, or woven or knitted material.
Leviticus 13:57 If the problem remains in the cloth, whether in the threads or in anything made of skin, it is a spreading disease: you must burn the infected item with fire.
Leviticus 13:58 If you wash a piece of clothing, whether woven or knitted, or any leather item, and the disease goes away, you must wash it again and then it will be clean.
Leviticus 13:59 This is the rule for a disease like leprosy in clothes made of wool or linen, whether in the threads or in anything made of skin, to say if it is clean or not clean.

Leviticus 14:1 God spoke to Moses and said,
Leviticus 14:2 This will be the rule for the person with leprosy on the day they are cleansed: They must be taken to the priest.
Leviticus 14:3 The priest will go outside the camp; the priest will look, and if the leprosy sores are healed in the person with leprosy,
Leviticus 14:4 The priest will order to get for the person to be cleaned two live, clean birds, cedar wood, red fabric, and hyssop.
Leviticus 14:5 The priest will order that one bird be killed in a clay pot over flowing water.
Leviticus 14:6 Take the live bird, the cedar wood, the red yarn, and the hyssop, and dip them and the live bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over flowing water.
Leviticus 14:7 He must sprinkle the person to be cleansed from leprosy seven times, declare him clean, and release the live bird into the open field.
Leviticus 14:8 The person who needs to be clean must wash their clothes, shave off all their hair, and bathe in water to become clean. After this, they can return to the camp but must stay outside their tent for seven days.
Leviticus 14:9 On the seventh day, he must shave all the hair from his head, beard, and eyebrows. He must shave off all his hair, wash his clothes, and bathe in water to be clean.
Leviticus 14:10 On the eighth day, he must bring two male lambs with no defects, one female lamb less than a year old with no defects, some fine flour mixed with oil for a grain offering, and some oil.
Leviticus 14:11 The priest who cleans the man will bring him and his offerings to God at the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 14:12 The priest will take one male lamb and give it as a guilt offering, along with the oil, and lift them up as an offering before God.
Leviticus 14:13 He must kill the lamb where he kills the sin and burnt offerings, in the holy place. Like the sin offering belongs to the priest, so does the guilt offering. It is very holy.
Leviticus 14:14 The priest will take some of the blood from the guilt offering and put it on the top of the right ear, the right thumb, and the right big toe of the person who is being cleansed.
Leviticus 14:15 The priest will take some of the oil and pour it into his own left hand.
Leviticus 14:16 The priest will dip his right finger in the oil in his left hand and sprinkle the oil with his finger seven times in front of God.
Leviticus 14:17 The priest will put the rest of the oil from his hand on the right ear, the right thumb, and the right big toe of the person being cleansed, on top of the blood from the guilt offering.
Leviticus 14:18 The priest will pour the rest of the oil in his hand on the head of the person being cleansed, and will ask God to forgive him.
Leviticus 14:19 The priest will offer the sin sacrifice, and make amends for the one being cleansed from his impurity; then he will sacrifice the burnt offering.
Leviticus 14:20 The priest will offer the burnt and grain offerings on the altar, and the priest will make amends for him, so he will be clean.
Leviticus 14:21 If he is poor and can't afford much, he must bring one lamb as a guilt offering to be waved to ask for forgiveness for him, and a small amount of fine flour mixed with oil for a food offering, plus a small jug of oil.
Leviticus 14:22 Bring two doves or two young pigeons, whichever you can afford. One will be for a sin offering and the other for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 14:23 He must bring them to the priest at the entrance of the meeting tent for his cleansing on the eighth day, before God.
Leviticus 14:24 The priest will take the lamb for the guilt offering and the container of oil, and then wave them as an offering before God.
Leviticus 14:25 He must kill the lamb for the guilt offering. The priest will take some of the lamb's blood and put it on the right ear, right thumb, and right big toe of the person being made clean.
Leviticus 14:26 The priest will pour some oil into his left hand.
Leviticus 14:27 The priest will use his right finger to flick some of the oil in his left hand seven times in front of God.
Leviticus 14:28 The priest will put some of the oil from his hand on the top of the right ear, the right thumb, and the big toe of the right foot of the person being cleansed, where the blood from the guilt offering was put.
Leviticus 14:29 The priest will put the remaining oil on the head of the person who needs to be made clean to atone for him before God.
Leviticus 14:30 He must give either one dove or one young pigeon, whatever he can afford.
Leviticus 14:31 He should bring what he can afford: one for a sin offering and the other for a burnt offering, along with a grain offering. The priest will then make atonement for the person to be cleansed before God.
Leviticus 14:32 This is the rule for someone who has leprosy but cannot afford the things needed for their cleansing.
Leviticus 14:33 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 14:34 When you enter the land of Canaan, which I am giving to you as your own, and I allow a leprosy disease in a house in your land;
Leviticus 14:35 The homeowner should go and say to the priest, "I think there might be a disease in the house."
Leviticus 14:36 The priest will order the house to be emptied before the priest enters to inspect the disease, so that everything inside won't become unclean; then the priest will go in to examine the house.
Leviticus 14:37 He will examine the disease, and, look, if the disease in the house's walls has green or red hollow streaks that appear deeper than the surface;
Leviticus 14:38 Then the priest will leave the house, go to the door, and close the house for seven days.
Leviticus 14:39 On the seventh day, the priest will return and check the house. If the disease has spread on the walls,
Leviticus 14:40 Then the priest will order to remove the stones with the disease and throw them into a dirty place outside the city.
Leviticus 14:41 He must have the house scraped all around inside, and the scraped-off dust must be dumped outside the city in a dirty place.
Leviticus 14:42 They will get new stones to replace the old ones, and use fresh mortar to cover the house.
Leviticus 14:43 If the disease returns and spreads in the house after the stones are removed, the house is scraped, and it is plastered;
Leviticus 14:44 The priest will come to check, and if the disease has spread in the house, it is a harmful leprosy in the house; it is unclean.
Leviticus 14:45 He will tear down the house, its stones, wood, and all its plaster, and take them out of the city to a dirty place.
Leviticus 14:46 Anyone who enters the house while it is closed up will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 14:47 Anyone who sleeps in the house must wash their clothes; and anyone who eats in the house must wash their clothes.
Leviticus 14:48 If the priest enters, sees that the disease has not spread after the house was plastered, then he will declare the house clean because the disease is healed.
Leviticus 14:49 He must use two birds, cedar wood, scarlet thread, and hyssop to clean the house.
Leviticus 14:50 He will kill one of the birds over fresh water in a clay pot.
Leviticus 14:51 He must take the cedar wood, hyssop, scarlet cloth, and live bird, dip them into the blood of the dead bird and fresh water, and sprinkle the house seven times.
Leviticus 14:52 He will clean the house with the bird's blood, with flowing water, with the live bird, with cedar wood, with hyssop, and with scarlet fabric.
Leviticus 14:53 He must release the live bird outside the city into the open fields to make up for any wrongs against the house, and then it will be clean.
Leviticus 14:54 This rule is for every kind of leprosy and skin disease.
Leviticus 14:55 For the disease of clothes or a house,
Leviticus 14:56 For swelling, for sores, and for white patches:
Leviticus 14:57 To teach when something is not clean and when it is clean: this is the rule about leprosy.

Leviticus 15:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 15:2 Tell the people of Israel, if a man has a discharge from his body, he is unclean because of it.
Leviticus 15:3 This is how he will be unclean with his discharge: whether his body has a flow or is blocked from his flow, it is his uncleanness.
Leviticus 15:4 Every bed he lies on with the discharge is unclean, and everything he sits on will be unclean.
Leviticus 15:5 Anyone who touches his bed must wash their clothes, take a bath, and they will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:6 Whoever sits on anything the person with the discharge sat on must wash their clothes and bathe with water, and they will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:7 Anyone who touches the skin of the person with the discharge must wash their clothes, take a bath, and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:8 If someone with a discharge spits on a clean person, the clean person must wash their clothes, bathe in water, and be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:9 Any saddle that a person with a discharge rides on will be unclean.
Leviticus 15:10 Anyone who touches anything that was beneath the dead person will be unclean until evening; whoever carries any of those things must wash their clothes and bathe in water, and they will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:11 Anyone who touches the person with the discharge without having washed their hands must wash their clothes, bathe in water, and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:12 If someone with the discharge touches a clay pot, it must be broken, and any wooden object must be washed with water.
Leviticus 15:13 When a person with a discharge is healed, they must count seven days for their cleansing, wash their clothes, and bathe in flowing water to be clean.
Leviticus 15:14 On the eighth day, he must bring two doves or two young pigeons to God at the entrance of the meeting tent and give them to the priest.
Leviticus 15:15 The priest will sacrifice them, one for a sin offering and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest will ask God to forgive him for his problem.
Leviticus 15:16 If a man's semen comes out, he must wash his whole body with water and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:17 Every piece of clothing and every skin touched by bodily fluids must be washed with water, and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:18 The woman and the man who have sexual relations must both wash with water and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:19 If a woman has a discharge, and it is blood from her body, she must be separated for seven days. Anyone who touches her will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:20 Everything she lies on during her period will be unclean, and everything she sits on will be unclean too.
Leviticus 15:21 Anyone who touches her bed must wash their clothes, take a bath, and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:22 Anyone who touches anything she sat on must wash their clothes and bathe with water, and they will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:23 If it's on her bed or anything she sits on, when he touches it, he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:24 If a man sleeps with a woman during her period, he will be unclean for seven days, and any bed he lies on will also be unclean.
Leviticus 15:25 If a woman bleeds for many days, not at the time of her period, or if her bleeding lasts longer than her period, she will be unclean as long as she has this bleeding, just like during her period.
Leviticus 15:26 Every bed she lies on during her period will be like her bed during her separation time; and anything she sits on will be unclean, like the uncleanness of her separation.
Leviticus 15:27 Anyone who touches those things will be unclean. They must wash their clothes, bathe in water, and stay unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:28 If she is healed from her condition, she must count seven days for herself, and then she will be clean.
Leviticus 15:29 On the eighth day, she must take two doves or two young pigeons and bring them to the priest at the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 15:30 The priest will offer one as a sin sacrifice and the other as a burnt offering; the priest will make amends for her with God for her unclean condition.
Leviticus 15:31 You must help the Israelites stay clean; if they are unclean, they could die, especially if they make my dwelling place among them unclean.
Leviticus 15:32 This is the rule for someone with a bodily discharge, and for a man who has an emission of semen, making him unclean.
Leviticus 15:33 About a woman during her menstrual cycle, and anyone with a discharge, whether male or female, and anyone who has sexual contact with someone who is unclean.

Leviticus 16:1 God spoke to Moses after Aaron's two sons died because they made an offering before God and passed away.
Leviticus 16:2 God told Moses to say to his brother Aaron not to come into the most holy place inside the curtain in front of the cover on the ark whenever he wanted, so that he would not die. For God would appear in the cloud over the cover.
Leviticus 16:3 Aaron must enter the sacred area with a young bull for a sin sacrifice and a ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:4 He must wear the holy linen coat, linen underclothes next to his body, be wrapped with a linen belt, and wear a linen turban. These are sacred clothes, so he must bathe his body in water before putting them on.
Leviticus 16:5 He must take two young goats from the Israelite community for a sin offering and one ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:6 Aaron must sacrifice his own bull for a sin offering to ask for forgiveness for himself and his family.
Leviticus 16:7 He will take two goats and bring them to God at the entrance of the meeting tent.
Leviticus 16:8 Aaron will draw lots for the two goats; one lot for God, and the other for the scapegoat.
Leviticus 16:9 Aaron must bring the goat chosen by God's lot and sacrifice it as a sin offering.
Leviticus 16:10 The goat chosen by lot to be the scapegoat will be brought alive before God, to ask for forgiveness with it, and then it will be released into the wilderness.
Leviticus 16:11 Aaron must bring the bull for the sin offering for himself, make amends for himself and his family, and kill the bull for his own sin offering.
Leviticus 16:12 He must take a firepan full of hot coals from the altar before God and a handful of finely ground fragrant incense, and take it inside the curtain.
Leviticus 16:13 He must put the incense on the fire in front of God so that the smoke will cover the cover of the Ark where the sacred stone tablets are kept, so he will not die.
Leviticus 16:14 He must take some blood from the bull and with his finger, sprinkle it on the east side of the cover. He must also sprinkle some blood in front of the cover seven times with his finger.
Leviticus 16:15 Then he must kill the goat that is for the people's sin offering and take its blood inside the curtain. He must do with the blood as he did with the bull's blood and sprinkle it on the atonement cover and in front of it.
Leviticus 16:16 He will make the holy place pure again, because of Israel's people being unclean and their many wrongdoings; he will do the same for the meeting tent that stays with them, surrounded by their uncleanness.
Leviticus 16:17 No one will be in the meeting tent when he goes into the holy place to make atonement, until he comes out after making atonement for himself, his family, and all of Israel's people.
Leviticus 16:18 He will go to the altar in front of God, make it right, and put some bull blood and goat blood on the altar's horns all around.
Leviticus 16:19 He must sprinkle the blood on it seven times with his finger, make it clean, and make it holy from the Israelites' impurity.
Leviticus 16:20 After he finishes making the holy place, the meeting tent, and the altar right with God, he will bring the live goat.
Leviticus 16:21 Aaron will place both hands on the live goat's head and admit all the wrongs and sins of the Israelites, transferring them to the goat. Then he will send the goat away into the desert with a suitable man.
Leviticus 16:22 The goat will carry all their wrongs to an empty place, and he will release the goat in the wild.
Leviticus 16:23 Aaron will enter the meeting tent and take off the linen clothes he wore into the sacred area, leaving them there.
Leviticus 16:24 He must wash his body with water in the sacred area, get dressed, go out, give his burnt offering and the people's burnt offering, and ask for forgiveness for himself and the people.
Leviticus 16:25 He must burn the fat of the sin offering on the altar.
Leviticus 16:26 The person who releases the goat as the scapegoat must wash their clothes, clean their body with water, and then may return to the camp.
Leviticus 16:27 Take the bull and the goat used for the sin offerings outside the camp after their blood was used for atonement in the holy place, and burn their skin, flesh, and waste in the fire.
Leviticus 16:28 The person who burns them must wash their clothes and bathe in water; then they can enter the camp.
Leviticus 16:29 This rule will always apply to you: on the seventh month's tenth day, you must humble yourselves and not do any work, whether you're a local or a foreigner staying with you.
Leviticus 16:30 On that day the priest will make amends for you to purify you, so you will be clean from all your sins before God.
Leviticus 16:31 It will be a restful Sabbath for you, and you must humble yourselves, by a rule for all time.
Leviticus 16:32 The priest, chosen and set apart to take over his father's duties, will perform the atonement and wear the linen clothes, the sacred outfits.
Leviticus 16:33 He will purify the holy place, the meeting tent, the altar, the priests, and all the people in the community.
Leviticus 16:34 This rule will always apply to you: Make amends for the people of Israel for all their wrongs once every year. He followed what God told Moses to do.

Leviticus 17:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 17:2 Talk to Aaron, his sons, and all the people of Israel, and tell them this is what God has commanded.
Leviticus 17:3 Any person from the house of Israel who kills an ox, lamb, or goat, in the camp or outside of it,
Leviticus 17:4 If someone does not bring their offering to the entrance of the tent where people meet with God to give it to God, he is guilty of taking a life. That person must be excluded from his community.
Leviticus 17:5 So that the Israelites can bring their sacrifices, which they give in the open fields, to God at the entrance of the meeting tent, to the priest, and offer them for peace to God.
Leviticus 17:6 The priest will sprinkle the blood on God's altar at the tabernacle entrance and burn the fat as a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 17:7 They will no longer give their sacrifices to demons they chased after. This will be a permanent rule for them for all time.
Leviticus 17:8 Tell them, "Any Israelite or foreigner staying with you who presents a burnt offering or sacrifice,
Leviticus 17:9 If someone doesn't bring their offering to the entrance of the meeting tent to present it to God, that person must be separated from their people.
Leviticus 17:10 Any person from Israel or any foreigner living with you who eats any kind of blood, I will be against them and remove them from their people.
Leviticus 17:11 Life comes from the blood, and I've given it to you on the altar to forgive your sins because blood brings forgiveness.
Leviticus 17:12 So I told the Israelites, none of you may eat blood, nor may any outsider living with you eat blood.
Leviticus 17:13 Any person from Israel or foreigners living with you who hunts and catches an animal or bird that can be eaten must pour out its blood and cover it with dirt.
Leviticus 17:14 The blood is the life of every creature; it is their lifeblood. So I told the people of Israel not to eat the blood of any creature because the life of every creature is its blood. Anyone who eats it must be removed from the community.
Leviticus 17:15 Anyone who eats an animal that died on its own or was killed by other animals, whether they are from your country or a foreigner, must wash their clothes and bathe with water. They will be unclean until the evening; then they will be clean.
Leviticus 17:16 If he doesn't wash them or bathe his body, he must bear his guilt.

Leviticus 18:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 18:2 Tell the people of Israel, 'I am God, your God.'
Leviticus 18:3 Do not follow the customs of Egypt where you lived, nor the customs of Canaan where I am taking you. Do not follow their rules.
Leviticus 18:4 Follow my rules and keep my laws, and live by them. I am God, your God.
Leviticus 18:5 You must follow my rules and decisions: if a person does this, they will have a good life by them: I am God.
Leviticus 18:6 None of you should come close to a relative to see them naked: I am God.
Leviticus 18:7 Do not see your father's or your mother's naked body; she is your mother, so do not look at her nakedness.
Leviticus 18:8 Do not see your father's wife undressed; she is your father's privacy.
Leviticus 18:9 Do not see the private parts of your sister, either your father's daughter or your mother's daughter, whether she was born in the same house or elsewhere.
Leviticus 18:10 Do not see the private parts of your son's daughter or your daughter's daughter; their privacy is your privacy.
Leviticus 18:11 Do not have sexual relations with your stepsister, the daughter of your father's wife; she is your sister.
Leviticus 18:12 Do not see your father's sister without clothes; she is your father's close relative.
Leviticus 18:13 Do not see your aunt undressed; she is your mother's close relative.
Leviticus 18:14 Do not see your uncle's nakedness or be close to his wife; she is your aunt.
Leviticus 18:15 Do not see your daughter-in-law without clothes; she is your son's wife; do not see her without clothes.
Leviticus 18:16 Do not see your brother's wife without clothes; it is like seeing your brother without clothes.
Leviticus 18:17 Do not see a woman and her daughter or her granddaughter naked; it is wrong because they are close relatives.
Leviticus 18:18 Do not marry your wife's sister while your wife is alive, to cause her trouble by having both of them.
Leviticus 18:19 Also, do not go near a woman to see her without clothes while she is set apart during her monthly period.
Leviticus 18:20 Do not have sex with your neighbor's wife and make yourself impure.
Leviticus 18:21 Do not let any of your children be burned in sacrifice to Molech, and do not dishonor your God's name: I am God.
Leviticus 18:22 Do not have sexual relations with a man as one does with a woman; it is disgusting.
Leviticus 18:23 Do not have sexual relations with any animal; it makes you unclean. A woman must not offer herself to an animal to have sexual relations with it; this is a perversion.
Leviticus 18:24 Do not make yourselves unclean with any of these actions; for by all these things, the nations I am driving out before you have become unclean.
Leviticus 18:25 The land is dirty: so I punish its wrongs, and the land throws out its people.
Leviticus 18:26 You must follow my laws and decisions, and must not do any of these disgusting things—neither anyone from your people nor any foreigner living with you.
Leviticus 18:27 The people who lived in the land before you did all these terrible things, and they made the land unclean.
Leviticus 18:28 So that the land does not vomit you out when you make it dirty, as it vomited out the nations before you.
Leviticus 18:29 Anyone who does any of these disgusting things will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 18:30 So you must follow my rules and not do any of these disgusting things that were done before you, so you do not become unclean by them: I am God, your God.

Leviticus 19:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 19:2 Tell all the people of Israel, "You must be holy because I, your God, am holy."
Leviticus 19:3 Everyone must respect their mother and father and follow my Sabbaths: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:4 Do not turn to idols or make metal gods for yourselves. I am your God.
Leviticus 19:5 If you bring a peace offering to God, you should do it because you want to.
Leviticus 19:6 Eat it on the day you offer it and the next day. If any is left on the third day, burn it in the fire.
Leviticus 19:7 If it's eaten on the third day, it is disgusting and won't be accepted.
Leviticus 19:8 Everyone who eats it will be guilty because they have dishonored what is holy to God: that person will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 19:9 When you harvest your land, do not completely harvest the corners of your field, nor collect the leftover crops.
Leviticus 19:10 Do not pick your vineyard clean or collect every grape; leave some for the poor and foreigners: I am God your God.
Leviticus 19:11 Do not steal, be dishonest, or lie to each other.
Leviticus 19:12 Do not make false promises using my name, and do not disrespect your God's name: I am God.
Leviticus 19:13 Do not cheat your neighbor or steal from him; do not keep a worker's pay overnight until morning.
Leviticus 19:14 Do not insult the deaf or put obstacles in the way of the blind but respect your God: I am God.
Leviticus 19:15 Do not be unfair in judgment: do not favor the poor or be in awe of the rich; but judge your neighbor fairly.
Leviticus 19:16 Do not spread rumors among your people or take part in harming your neighbor; I am God.
Leviticus 19:17 You must not hate your brother in your heart. You must definitely correct your neighbor and not let him continue in sin.
Leviticus 19:18 Do not take revenge or hold a grudge against your own people, but love your neighbor as yourself: I am God.
Leviticus 19:19 Follow my rules. Do not breed your animals with different kinds. Do not plant different kinds of seeds together in your field. And do not wear clothes made of both linen and wool mixed together.
Leviticus 19:20 If a man sleeps with a woman who is a slave promised to another man but she has not been bought or given her freedom, she should be punished, but they should not be killed because she was not free.
Leviticus 19:21 He must bring his guilt offering to God, to the entrance of the meeting tent, a ram as a guilt offering.
Leviticus 19:22 The priest will use the ram for the guilt offering to make up for his sin before God, and he will be forgiven for the sin he committed.
Leviticus 19:23 When you enter the land and plant various food trees, consider their fruit as forbidden for three years; do not eat it.
Leviticus 19:24 In the fourth year, all the fruit will be special to honor God.
Leviticus 19:25 In the fifth year, you can eat its fruit so it will give you more: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:26 Do not eat anything with blood in it; do not practice magic or tell fortunes.
Leviticus 19:27 Do not cut the hair on the sides of your head or trim the edges of your beard.
Leviticus 19:28 Do not cut your body for the dead or put tattoos on yourselves: I am God.
Leviticus 19:29 Do not make your daughter have sex for money, so she won't become a prostitute; otherwise, the country will turn to prostitution, and be filled with evil.
Leviticus 19:30 You must keep my Sabbaths and respect my holy place: I am God.
Leviticus 19:31 Do not pay attention to those with spirits, or look for wizards, so you don't become unclean by them: I am God, your God.
Leviticus 19:32 Stand up in respect for the elderly and show honor to the aged. Fear your God. I am the Lord.
Leviticus 19:33 If a foreigner lives with you in your land, do not upset him.
Leviticus 19:34 The foreigner living with you should be treated like a native-born among you, and you must love them as you love yourself; remember, you were once foreigners in Egypt. I am your God.
Leviticus 19:35 You must not be unfair when you judge, measure, weigh, or calculate amounts.
Leviticus 19:36 Use fair scales, fair weights, a fair ephah, and a fair hin: I am God who took you out of Egypt.
Leviticus 19:37 So you must follow all my rules and decisions and act on them: I am God.

Leviticus 20:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 20:2 Tell the Israelites, if anyone, whether they are from Israel or a foreigner living in Israel, gives one of their children to Molech, they must be put to death; the locals must stone them.
Leviticus 20:3 I will turn against that person, remove him from his people, because he offered his children to Molech, which polluted my sacred place and disrespected my holy name.
Leviticus 20:4 If the local people ignore someone who offers their child to Molech and do not put him to death:
Leviticus 20:5 I will oppose that man and his family, and I will exclude him and everyone who follows him to worship Molech, from their community.
Leviticus 20:6 The person who follows those with spirits or wizards, chasing after them, I will oppose and remove from their community.
Leviticus 20:7 Make yourselves holy, and be holy, because I am God, your God.
Leviticus 20:8 Keep my rules and follow them: I am God who makes you holy.
Leviticus 20:9 Anyone who curses their father or mother must be put to death. They have cursed their father or mother, and they are responsible for their own death.
Leviticus 20:10 The man who has an affair with another man's wife, including one who has an affair with his friend's wife, both the cheating man and woman will be put to death for sure.
Leviticus 20:11 A man who sleeps with his father's wife dishonors his father. Both of them must be put to death; they are responsible for their own deaths.
Leviticus 20:12 If a man sleeps with his daughter-in-law, both must be put to death, because they have caused chaos; they are responsible for their own deaths.
Leviticus 20:13 If a man sleeps with another man as he does with a woman, both have done something horribly wrong: they must be put to death, and they are responsible for their own deaths.
Leviticus 20:14 If a man marries both a woman and her mother, it is a terrible act. They all must be burned with fire to remove the evil from among you.
Leviticus 20:15 If a man has relations with an animal, he must be put to death, and you must kill the animal.
Leviticus 20:16 If a woman gets close to an animal to mate with it, you must kill both the woman and the animal. They must be put to death, and they are responsible for their own deaths.
Leviticus 20:17 If a man has sexual relations with his sister, whether she is his father's daughter or his mother's daughter, and they see each other naked, it is wrong. They will be punished in front of their people because he has dishonored his sister. He must accept his guilt.
Leviticus 20:18 If a man sleeps with a woman on her period and sees her nakedness, he has exposed her source of bleeding, and she has shown her blood flow; both will be separated from their community.
Leviticus 20:19 You must not see your mother's sister or your father's sister without clothes; this would reveal a close relative. They must face the consequences of their sin.
Leviticus 20:20 If a man sleeps with his uncle's wife, he has disgraced his uncle. They must accept the punishment for their sin; they will have no children.
Leviticus 20:21 If a man marries his brother's wife, it is impure; he has dishonored his brother; they will have no children.
Leviticus 20:22 You must follow all my rules and decisions and obey them, so that the land where I take you to live won't reject you.
Leviticus 20:23 Do not follow the ways of the people I am driving out before you, because they did all these things, and I disliked them.
Leviticus 20:24 I told you, you will take over their land, and I will give it to you to live in—a land full of milk and honey. I am God, your God, who has set you apart from other nations.
Leviticus 20:25 You must separate clean animals from unclean ones, and unclean birds from clean ones. Do not make yourselves unclean with animals, birds, or anything that crawls on the earth that I have set apart as unclean for you.
Leviticus 20:26 You should be holy for me because I, God, am holy, and I have set you apart from other people to be mine.
Leviticus 20:27 Anyone, man or woman, who consults with spirits or is a wizard, must be put to death; they will be stoned, and they are responsible for their own death.

Leviticus 21:1 God told Moses, "Tell Aaron's priest sons, they must not make themselves unclean for a dead person among their community."
Leviticus 21:2 But for his close family, for his mother, father, son, daughter, and brother.
Leviticus 21:3 He can become unclean for his sister if she has never been married and is close to him.
Leviticus 21:4 He must not make himself unclean, as a leader among his people, and dishonor himself.
Leviticus 21:5 They must not shave their heads, trim the edges of their beards, or cut their skin.
Leviticus 21:6 They must be holy for their God, and not disrespect their God's name: because they present offerings made with fire and food to their God, they must be holy.
Leviticus 21:7 They must not marry a woman who sells her body or is not respected; they should not marry a woman who has been divorced, because he is holy to his God.
Leviticus 21:8 You must make him holy, because he presents the food of your God; he must be sacred to you, for I, who make you holy, am holy.
Leviticus 21:9 If a priest's daughter dishonors herself by becoming a prostitute, she dishonors her father and must be burned to death.
Leviticus 21:10 The chief priest among his brothers, who has had the anointing oil poured on his head and is dedicated to wear the special clothes, must not let his hair be loose or tear his clothes.
Leviticus 21:11 He must not touch any dead person or make himself unclean, even for his father or mother.
Leviticus 21:12 He must not leave the holy place or make it unclean, because he wears the anointing oil from God. I am God.
Leviticus 21:13 He must marry a woman who is a virgin.
Leviticus 21:14 He must not marry a widow, divorced woman, someone unholy, or a prostitute. Instead, he must marry a virgin from his own community.
Leviticus 21:15 He must not dishonor his children among his people, for I, God, make him holy.
Leviticus 21:16 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 21:17 Tell Aaron that anyone from his descendants who has a flaw cannot come near to offer food to God.
Leviticus 21:18 Anyone with a defect must not come near: a blind person, someone who can't walk, anyone with a disfigured face, or any deformity.
Leviticus 21:19 Or a man with a broken foot or broken hand.
Leviticus 21:20 Or curved spine, or a short person, or one with a flawed eye, or with skin disease, or with sores, or with injured testicles;
Leviticus 21:21 A man from Aaron the priest's family with any defect must not come near to offering God's fire sacrifices; he has a defect and cannot offer food to his God.
Leviticus 21:22 He may eat his God's bread, from both the very holy and the holy parts.
Leviticus 21:23 He must not enter behind the curtain or approach the altar, because he has a flaw; he must not make my holy places impure, for I, God, make them holy.
Leviticus 21:24 Moses told Aaron, his sons, and all the Israelites.

Leviticus 22:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:2 Tell Aaron and his sons to stay away from the holy items of the people of Israel, so they do not disrespect my holy name in those things they dedicate to me: I am God.
Leviticus 22:3 Tell them, anyone from your descendants, through all your generations, who approaches the sacred items that the Israelites dedicate to God while unclean, that person must be separated from me: I am God.
Leviticus 22:4 Any descendant of Aaron who has leprosy or a discharge cannot eat the holy food until they are clean. Anyone who touches something unclean because of a dead body or a man's bodily emission;
Leviticus 22:5 Anyone who touches a crawling creature that might make them unclean, or a person who could pass on their impurity, will also become unclean.
Leviticus 22:6 The person who touches any such thing will be unclean until evening and must not eat any sacred food unless they wash their body with water.
Leviticus 22:7 When the sun sets, he will be clean and can then eat the sacred food, because it is his food.
Leviticus 22:8 He must not eat an animal that died on its own or was killed by other animals, so he will not become unclean; I am God.
Leviticus 22:9 They must follow my rules so they won't be punished for sinning and die if they disrespect it: I, God, make them holy.
Leviticus 22:10 No outsider may eat the holy food; only the priest's guest or paid worker may not eat the holy food.
Leviticus 22:11 If the priest buys someone with his money, both he and those born in his house may eat of it.
Leviticus 22:12 If the priest's daughter is married to someone outside the community, she cannot eat from the holy offerings.
Leviticus 22:13 If the priest's daughter is a widow or divorced, without any children, and she goes back to live in her father's home like when she was young, she can eat her father's food. But someone who is not part of the family cannot eat it.
Leviticus 22:14 If someone eats something holy by mistake, they must add one-fifth more to it and give it to the priest with the holy item.
Leviticus 22:15 They must not disrespect the sacred gifts of the Israelite people, which they give to God.
Leviticus 22:16 Do not let them be guilty when they eat their sacred food, for I, God, have made it holy.
Leviticus 22:17 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:18 Talk to Aaron, his sons, and all the Israelites, and tell them: Anyone from Israel or any foreigner in Israel who wants to present a gift to God for all his promises or any voluntary offerings must offer it to God as a burnt sacrifice.
Leviticus 22:19 Give freely a perfect male cow, sheep, or goat.
Leviticus 22:20 Do not offer anything with a flaw, because it will not be accepted on your behalf.
Leviticus 22:21 Anyone who gives a peace sacrifice to God to keep a promise, or as a voluntary offering of cattle or sheep, must offer one without any faults to be accepted.
Leviticus 22:22 Do not offer to God animals that are blind, broken, crippled, with warts, with rashes, or with skin diseases, nor burn them as an offering on the altar to God.
Leviticus 22:23 You may offer a cow or a sheep with extra or missing parts as a voluntary gift to God, but such an animal won't be accepted for a promise.
Leviticus 22:24 You must not give to God anything that is bruised, crushed, broken, or cut; you also must not make such offerings anywhere in your land.
Leviticus 22:25 Do not offer to God bread from a stranger's hand, including any of these, for they are corrupt and flawed, and will not be accepted on your behalf.
Leviticus 22:26 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:27 When a cow, sheep, or goat is born, it must stay with its mother for seven days; starting from the eighth day, it can be used for a fire offering to God.
Leviticus 22:28 Do not kill a cow or sheep and its baby on the same day.
Leviticus 22:29 When you give a thanksgiving sacrifice to God, do it because you want to.
Leviticus 22:30 Eat it all on that day; don't save any for the next day: I am God.
Leviticus 22:31 So you must follow my commands and do them: I am God.
Leviticus 22:32 Do not disrespect my holy name; instead, I must be honored by the people of Israel: I am God who makes you holy.
Leviticus 22:33 I brought you out of Egypt to be your God: I am God.

Leviticus 23:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:2 Tell the people of Israel, tell them about God's festivals that you must announce as sacred gatherings; these are my festivals.
Leviticus 23:3 Work for six days, but the seventh day is a rest day, a special gathering; do no work on that day: it is God's rest day, everywhere you live.
Leviticus 23:4 These are God's special feasts, the sacred meetings you must announce at the right times.
Leviticus 23:5 On the fourteenth day of the first month, in the evening, is God's Passover.
Leviticus 23:6 On the fifteenth day of that month is God's Feast of Unleavened Bread: for seven days you must eat bread without yeast.
Leviticus 23:7 On the first day, you should gather for a special meeting; you must not do any regular work.
Leviticus 23:8 For seven days, you must present a burnt offering to God. On the seventh day, there is a special gathering; you must not do any regular work on that day.
Leviticus 23:9 God spoke to Moses and said,
Leviticus 23:10 Tell the people of Israel, when you enter the land I am giving you and harvest its crops, bring the first bundle of your harvest to the priest.
Leviticus 23:11 He will present the bundle of grain to God for you to be accepted; the next day after the Sabbath, the priest will do this presentation.
Leviticus 23:12 On that day when you present the sheaf, offer a one-year-old male lamb with no defects as a burnt sacrifice to God.
Leviticus 23:13 Its grain offering shall be two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil, burned as a pleasing aroma to God; and its drink offering shall be wine, one-quarter of a hin.
Leviticus 23:14 Do not eat bread, roasted grain, or fresh grain until the same day you bring an offering to God. This rule will last forever for all your descendants wherever you live.
Leviticus 23:15 Count seven full weeks from the day after the Sabbath when you brought the bundle of grain to wave as an offering.
Leviticus 23:16 Count fifty days until the day after the seventh Sabbath; then give a new grain offering to God.
Leviticus 23:17 From your homes, bring two loaves of bread made from two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour, baked with yeast, as an offering to God.
Leviticus 23:18 You must give seven perfect lambs that are one year old, one young cow, and two rams with the bread as a burnt sacrifice to God. Include grain and drink offerings. It will be a fire offering, a pleasing aroma to God.
Leviticus 23:19 You must offer one young goat as a sin offering and two one-year-old lambs as a peace offering.
Leviticus 23:20 The priest will move them and the bread of the first harvest up and down as a special offering in front of God, along with the two lambs. These are holy for God and are for the priest.
Leviticus 23:21 You must announce on that very day, it should be a special gathering for you: do not do any regular work: this rule will last forever where you live, for all your family to follow.
Leviticus 23:22 When you harvest your land, do not completely clear the corners of your field, nor pick up leftovers. Leave them for the poor and the foreigner. I am God your God.
Leviticus 23:23 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:24 Tell the people of Israel: On the first day of the seventh month, you must have a day of rest, a special time to remember with trumpet blasts, a sacred gathering.
Leviticus 23:25 Do not do any regular work on that day, but you must present a fire offering to God.
Leviticus 23:26 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:27 On the tenth day of the seventh month, you will have a day to make amends. It will be a special meeting for you. You must show sorrow and give a burnt offering to God.
Leviticus 23:28 Do no work on that day, because it is a day to make up for your sins before God.
Leviticus 23:29 Anyone who does not show their sorrow on that day will be separated from their people.
Leviticus 23:30 If anyone works on that day, I will remove that person from their community.
Leviticus 23:31 You must not do any work; this rule will last forever, for all your future family wherever you live.
Leviticus 23:32 This day will be a day of rest for you, and you should humbly reflect on yourselves. Starting on the evening of the ninth day of the month, from one evening to the next, you will observe your day of rest.
Leviticus 23:33 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:34 Tell the people of Israel, on the fifteenth day of the seventh month, there will be the Feast of Tabernacles to honor God for seven days.
Leviticus 23:35 On the first day, you must have a special gathering; do not do any regular work on that day.
Leviticus 23:36 For seven days, give a fire offering to God. On the eighth day, gather for a special meeting and give another fire offering to God. It is an important gathering, and you must not do any regular work on that day.
Leviticus 23:37 These are God's special celebrations that you must announce as sacred gatherings, where you present offerings made with fire to God, including burnt offerings, grain offerings, sacrifices, and drink offerings, each on its proper day.
Leviticus 23:38 Apart from God's Sabbaths, your gifts, all your promises, and all the voluntary offerings you give to God.
Leviticus 23:39 On the fifteenth day of the seventh month, after you collect the crops, celebrate a festival for God for seven days. The first day is a rest day, and the eighth day is also a rest day.
Leviticus 23:40 On the first day, grab branches from nice trees, palm trees, thick trees, and willow trees by the stream; and be happy in front of God for seven days.
Leviticus 23:41 You will celebrate a festival for God for seven days each year. This will be a permanent law for all your future generations: you must observe it in the seventh month.
Leviticus 23:42 Live in shelters for seven days; every native-born Israelite must live in shelters.
Leviticus 23:43 I want your future families to know that I had the Israelites live in temporary shelters when I led them out of Egypt. I am God, your God.
Leviticus 23:44 Moses told the Israelites about God's festivals.

Leviticus 24:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 24:2 Tell the Israelites to bring you pure, crushed olive oil for the lamps so they will keep burning all the time.
Leviticus 24:3 Aaron must keep the lamps burning from evening until morning before God inside the tent of meeting. This is to be a lasting rule for all your descendants.
Leviticus 24:4 He will arrange the lamps on the clean lampstand before God all the time.
Leviticus 24:5 Take good flour and make twelve cakes; each cake should have two-tenths of an ephah of flour.
Leviticus 24:6 Place them in two lines, six in each line, on the clean table before God.
Leviticus 24:7 Put pure frankincense on each row so it will be on the bread as a reminder, an offering to God.
Leviticus 24:8 Every Sabbath, he should arrange it before God always, as it is an eternal promise from the people of Israel.
Leviticus 24:9 Aaron and his sons will own it, and they will eat it in a sacred place. It is very holy to them as part of God's offerings made with fire, a rule to follow always.
Leviticus 24:10 The son of an Israeli woman and an Egyptian man went out among the Israelis, and he and an Israeli man fought in the camp.
Leviticus 24:11 The son of the Israelite woman spoke against God's name and cursed. They took him to Moses; his mother was Shelomith, daughter of Dibri from the Dan tribe.
Leviticus 24:12 They kept him in custody to find out what God wanted.
Leviticus 24:13 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 24:14 Take the person who cursed outside the camp; everyone who heard them must touch their head, and then everyone in the assembly must throw stones at them.
Leviticus 24:15 You will tell the people of Israel, if anyone curses their God, they will be guilty of sin.
Leviticus 24:16 Anyone who speaks against God’s name must be put to death. The whole community must stone them. It doesn't matter if they are a foreigner or born in the land; if they speak against God’s name, they must be put to death.
Leviticus 24:17 Whoever kills a person must surely be put to death.
Leviticus 24:18 If someone kills an animal, they must replace it; one animal for another.
Leviticus 24:19 If a person hurts their neighbor, they should be hurt in the same way.
Leviticus 24:20 Injury for injury, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: if someone hurts another, the same hurt will be given to them.
Leviticus 24:21 If someone kills an animal, they must replace it; if someone kills a person, they must be put to death.
Leviticus 24:22 You will have one law, for both the foreigner and the native-born, because I am your God.
Leviticus 24:23 Moses told the Israelites to take the person who cursed outside the camp and throw stones at him. The Israelites did what God told Moses.

Leviticus 25:1 God spoke to Moses on Mount Sinai and said.
Leviticus 25:2 Talk to the people of Israel and tell them, when you enter the land I am giving you, the land must rest for God.
Leviticus 25:3 For six years you should plant your fields, trim your vineyard, and collect its fruit.
Leviticus 25:4 In the seventh year, the land must rest and have a sabbath for God. You must not plant your fields or trim your vineyards.
Leviticus 25:5 Do not cut what grows by itself in your harvest or pick grapes from your unpruned vines; this is a year for the land to rest.
Leviticus 25:6 The land's rest will provide food for you, your servants, your maids, your workers, and any travelers staying with you.
Leviticus 25:7 Your animals and the wild creatures in your land will have all the crops to eat.
Leviticus 25:8 You must count seven sets of seven years, adding up to forty-nine years in total.
Leviticus 25:9 You will blow the trumpet to announce the Jubilee on the tenth day of the seventh month, and on the Day of Atonement, the trumpet will be heard everywhere in your land.
Leviticus 25:10 Make the fiftieth year holy, and announce freedom all over the country to everyone living there: it will be a special celebration for you; and everyone will go back to their own property, and everyone will go back to their own family.
Leviticus 25:11 That fiftieth year will be a special celebration for you: you must not plant seeds, harvest crops that grow on their own, or pick grapes from untrimmed vines.
Leviticus 25:12 It is a special year; it should be sacred to you. You can eat what grows in the fields.
Leviticus 25:13 In the year of this special celebration, each person should go back to their own property.
Leviticus 25:14 If you sell something to your neighbor or buy something from your neighbor's hand, do not cheat each other.
Leviticus 25:15 Based on the years left after the Jubilee, you will buy from your neighbor, and according to the years of crops, he will sell to you.
Leviticus 25:16 The more years there are, the higher the price will be, and the fewer years there are, the lower the price will be, because it's sold based on how many years of crops it can produce.
Leviticus 25:17 Do not treat each other unfairly, but respect your God; for I am your God.
Leviticus 25:18 So you should follow my rules, obey my laws, and act on them; then you will live safely in the land.
Leviticus 25:19 The land will produce its crops, you will eat as much as you need, and you will live there safely.
Leviticus 25:20 If you ask, "What will we eat in the seventh year if we don't plant or harvest our crops?"
Leviticus 25:21 Then I will order my blessing for you in the sixth year, and it will produce crops for three years.
Leviticus 25:22 You will plant crops in the eighth year and eat from the old produce until the ninth year; you will eat from the old supplies until the new crops are ready.
Leviticus 25:23 The land must not be sold permanently, because the land is mine and you are only travelers and temporary residents with me.
Leviticus 25:24 In all the land you own, you must provide a way to buy it back.
Leviticus 25:25 If your brother becomes poor and sells some of his property, and a relative comes to buy it back, then they should buy back what their brother sold.
Leviticus 25:26 If the man has no one to buy it back for him, but he can afford to buy it back himself;
Leviticus 25:27 Let him calculate the years since he sold it and give back the extra amount to the person he sold it to, so that person can return to his property.
Leviticus 25:28 If he can't pay back, what he sold stays with the buyer until the Year of Jubilee. Then it will be returned, and he will get his property back.
Leviticus 25:29 If someone sells a house in a city with walls, they can buy it back within one year after the sale.
Leviticus 25:30 If the house in the city with walls is not bought back within a year, then it will belong forever to the person who bought it, and it will not be returned in the Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:31 The houses in unwalled villages will be treated like country land: they can be bought back, and they will be freed in the Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:32 Despite this, the Levites can buy back the cities and houses they own at any time.
Leviticus 25:33 If someone buys a house from the Levites, that house in the Levites' town becomes theirs again in the Jubilee year, because the houses in Levite cities are their permanent property among the Israelites.
Leviticus 25:34 But the land around their cities cannot be sold; it is theirs forever.
Leviticus 25:35 If your brother becomes poor and cannot support himself with you, you must help him. Even if he is a stranger or a visitor, so he can live with you.
Leviticus 25:36 Do not charge him interest or profit, but respect God, so your brother can survive with you.
Leviticus 25:37 You must not lend him your money with interest, nor give him your food to get more back.
Leviticus 25:38 I am God, your God, who brought you out of Egypt to give you the land of Canaan and to be your God.
Leviticus 25:39 If your nearby brother becomes poor and sells himself to you, don't make him work like a slave.
Leviticus 25:40 Like a paid worker and a temporary resident, he will stay with you and work for you until the Jubilee year.
Leviticus 25:41 He will then leave you, along with his children, and go back to his family and his ancestors' property.
Leviticus 25:42 They are my servants, whom I freed from Egypt; they must not be sold as slaves.
Leviticus 25:43 Do not treat him harshly, but respect your God.
Leviticus 25:44 You can have male and female slaves from the foreign nations around you; you can buy male and female slaves from them.
Leviticus 25:45 You can buy foreigners who live with you and their families born in your land; they will belong to you.
Leviticus 25:46 You will receive them as a heritage for your children after you, to own as property; they will be your servants forever. But do not rule harshly over your fellow Israelites.
Leviticus 25:47 If a foreigner or stranger becomes wealthy among you, and your fellow countryman becomes poor and sells himself to the foreigner living among you, or to a foreigner's family.
Leviticus 25:48 After he is sold, he can be bought back; one of his relatives can buy him back.
Leviticus 25:49 His uncle or his cousin can buy him back, or any close relative from his family can do it; or if he gets the money, he can buy himself back.
Leviticus 25:50 He must calculate with the one who bought him, starting from the year he was sold until the jubilee year. The cost of his sale will depend on how many years are left, just like the wage of a hired worker.
Leviticus 25:51 If many years remain, he must pay back the redemption price from the money he was bought with.
Leviticus 25:52 If only a few years are left until the Year of Jubilee, he must calculate that with him and pay back the cost of his freedom based on the remaining years.
Leviticus 25:53 He shall be treated like a worker hired year by year; he must not be treated harshly in your presence.
Leviticus 25:54 If he is not set free within those years, then he and his children will be released in the Year of Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:55 The people of Israel are my servants; they are the ones I freed from Egypt. I am your God.

Leviticus 26:1 Do not make any idols or carved images for yourselves, do not set up any sculpted stone figures in your land to bow down to, because I am God, your God.
Leviticus 26:2 You must keep my rest days and respect my holy place: I am God.
Leviticus 26:3 If you follow my rules and obey my commands, and follow through with them;
Leviticus 26:4 I will send rain at the right time, and the land will produce crops, and the trees will bear fruit.
Leviticus 26:5 Your grain grinding will last until grape picking, and grape picking will last until planting time. You will have plenty of bread to eat and live safely in your land.
Leviticus 26:6 I will bring peace to the land, and you will rest without fear; I will remove dangerous animals, and no war will enter your land.
Leviticus 26:7 You will chase your enemies, and they will fall in front of you by the sword.
Leviticus 26:8 Five of you will chase a hundred, and a hundred of you will chase ten thousand; your enemies will fall by your sword.
Leviticus 26:9 I will care for you, make you fruitful, increase your numbers, and keep my promise to you.
Leviticus 26:10 You will eat from your stored food and make room for the new by using up the old.
Leviticus 26:11 I will put my tent among you, and I will not reject you.
Leviticus 26:12 I will live with you, be your God, and you will be my people.
Leviticus 26:13 I am God, who brought you out of Egypt so you wouldn't be slaves; I broke the chains of your burden, so you could walk freely.
Leviticus 26:14 But if you don't listen to me and don't follow all these commands;
Leviticus 26:15 If you ignore my laws or hate my rules, and so do not follow all my commands, but break my agreement:
Leviticus 26:16 I will also do this to you: I will send terror, wasting sickness, and fever that will blind you and make your hearts sad. You will plant seeds for nothing because your enemies will eat your crops.
Leviticus 26:17 I will be against you, and you will be killed by your enemies. Those who hate you will rule over you, and you will run away even when no one is chasing you.
Leviticus 26:18 If you still don't listen to me after all this, I will punish you seven times more for your sins.
Leviticus 26:19 I will break your power's pride; I will make your sky like iron and your land like brass.
Leviticus 26:20 You will use all your energy for nothing: your land won't produce crops and the trees won't give fruit.
Leviticus 26:21 If you act against me and don't listen to me, I will give you seven times more trouble for your sins.
Leviticus 26:22 I will also send wild animals to attack you, take your children, kill your livestock, and reduce your numbers; your roads will be empty.
Leviticus 26:23 If you don't change your ways because of these things but continue to oppose me;
Leviticus 26:24 Then I will also go against you and punish you seven times more for your sins.
Leviticus 26:25 I will send a sword against you to punish you for breaking my agreement. When you are together in your cities, I will bring disease among you, and you will be given over to your enemies.
Leviticus 26:26 When I make your bread supply scarce, ten women will bake your bread in one oven, and they will give you your bread in measured amounts: you will eat but still be hungry.
Leviticus 26:27 If you still don't listen to me and choose to go against my ways;
Leviticus 26:28 Then I will act against you in anger; and I will punish you seven times for your sins.
Leviticus 26:29 You will eat the flesh of your sons, and you will eat the flesh of your daughters.
Leviticus 26:30 I will destroy your worship places, cut down your statues, throw your dead bodies on your idols' dead bodies, and I will hate you.
Leviticus 26:31 I will turn your cities into ruins, destroy your holy places, and I will not enjoy the scent of your offerings.
Leviticus 26:32 I will make the land empty, and your enemies living there will be shocked by it.
Leviticus 26:33 I will spread you among the nations, and I will chase you with a sword: and your land will be empty, and your cities ruined.
Leviticus 26:34 The land will have its rest days while it's empty, and you are in your enemies' land; the land will rest and have its rest days.
Leviticus 26:35 As long as it is empty, it will rest; because it didn't rest during your Sabbaths when you lived on it.
Leviticus 26:36 I will make those of you who survive feel weak in heart in their enemies' lands; even the sound of a blowing leaf will scare them. They will run away as if running from a sword and they will fall, even though no one is chasing them.
Leviticus 26:37 They will stumble over each other as if fleeing from a sword, even when no one is chasing them; and you will be unable to resist your enemies.
Leviticus 26:38 You will die in foreign lands, and your enemies' land will consume you.
Leviticus 26:39 Those of you who survive will waste away in your enemies' lands because of your sins and your ancestors' sins.
Leviticus 26:40 If they admit their wrongs, and their ancestors' wrongs, and their betrayal against me, and that they have also acted against me;
Leviticus 26:41 I have opposed them and led them into their enemies' land. If their stubborn hearts are humble and they accept their punishment,
Leviticus 26:42 Then I will remember my promise to Jacob, to Isaac, and to Abraham, and I will remember the land.
Leviticus 26:43 The land will be abandoned by them and will rest during its sabbaths while it's empty without them; and they will accept their punishment for their sins because they hated my laws and their hearts rejected my rules.
Leviticus 26:44 Even then, when they are in their enemies' land, I won't reject them or hate them enough to completely destroy them and break my promise to them, because I am their God.
Leviticus 26:45 But for their sake, I will remember the agreement with their ancestors, who I freed from Egypt for all to see, so I could be their God: I am God.
Leviticus 26:46 These are the rules, decisions, and laws that God gave to the Israelites at Mount Sinai through Moses.

Leviticus 27:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 27:2 Tell the people of Israel, when someone makes a special promise, the person promised to God must be valued by your standards.
Leviticus 27:3 Your value for a man between twenty and sixty years old shall be fifty silver shekels, using the sanctuary's shekel.
Leviticus 27:4 If it is a female, your value will be thirty shekels.
Leviticus 27:5 If the person is between five and twenty years old, the value is twenty shekels for a male and ten shekels for a female.
Leviticus 27:6 If it is from one month to five years old, then your value for a boy will be five silver coins, and for a girl it will be three silver coins.
Leviticus 27:7 If someone is 60 years old or older, a man’s value is 15 shekels, and a woman's is 10 shekels.
Leviticus 27:8 If he cannot afford your estimate, he shall stand before the priest, who will set a price based on what he can afford.
Leviticus 27:9 If it's an animal that people offer to God, everything that anyone gives like this to God is special.
Leviticus 27:10 He must not replace or exchange a good animal for a bad one, or a bad one for a good one. If he does exchange one animal for another, both the animal and its replacement will be holy.
Leviticus 27:11 If there is any impure animal that they do not sacrifice to God, then they must bring the animal to the priest.
Leviticus 27:12 The priest will decide its worth, good or bad, and however you, the priest, value it, that is what it will be.
Leviticus 27:13 If he wants to buy it back, he must add one-fifth to your valuation.
Leviticus 27:14 When someone dedicates their house to God, the priest will decide its value, good or bad, and that value will be final.
Leviticus 27:15 If the person who dedicated his house wants to buy it back, he must add one-fifth of the valued price to it, and it will be his.
Leviticus 27:16 If someone dedicates part of their own field to God, its value will be based on how much seed it takes to plant it: a homer of barley seed will be worth fifty silver coins.
Leviticus 27:17 If he sets apart his field from the jubilee year, it will be valued as you estimate.
Leviticus 27:18 If he makes his field holy after the Jubilee, the priest will calculate the cost based on the remaining years until the next Jubilee, and the price will be reduced from your original estimate.
Leviticus 27:19 If the person who made the field holy wants to buy it back, they must add one-fifth to the estimated price and then it will belong to them again.
Leviticus 27:20 If he won't buy back the field, or if he has sold it to someone else, it can't be bought back again.
Leviticus 27:21 But when the field is set free in the Jubilee, it must be holy for God, like a field given to God; the priest will own it.
Leviticus 27:22 If a person dedicates to God a field they have bought, which is not part of their own land,
Leviticus 27:23 Then the priest will calculate the value of your price until the Year of Jubilee, and on that day, you must pay your price as a sacred gift to God.
Leviticus 27:24 In the jubilee year, the field will go back to the person who originally owned it, the one who sold it.
Leviticus 27:25 All your valuations must be based on the sanctuary shekel, which is twenty gerahs.
Leviticus 27:26 The firstborn of animals, which belong to God, no one can set apart, whether it is an ox or sheep; it belongs to God.
Leviticus 27:27 If it is an impure animal, then one must buy it back at your valued price plus a fifth of that amount; if it is not bought back, then it must be sold at your valued price.
Leviticus 27:28 Even so, nothing that a person dedicates to God from everything they own, whether it's a person, an animal, or land, can be sold or bought back; everything dedicated is very sacred to God.
Leviticus 27:29 No one who is set apart for destruction can be bought back; they must be put to death.
Leviticus 27:30 All the tenth part of the land's produce, from crops or trees, belongs to God; it is sacred to God.
Leviticus 27:31 If someone wants to buy back any of their tithe, they must add a fifth of its value to it.
Leviticus 27:32 About the tenth part of the herd or flock, any that passes under the shepherd's rod, every tenth animal is holy and is for God.
Leviticus 27:33 He will not check if it is good or bad, nor will he replace it: and if he does replace it, then both the original and the replacement will be sacred; they cannot be bought back.
Leviticus 27:34 Here are the rules that God gave to Moses for the people of Israel on Mount Sinai.

Numbers 1:1 God spoke to Moses in the Sinai wilderness, in the meeting tent, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after leaving Egypt, saying,
Numbers 1:2 Count all the members of Israel's community by family groups, according to their fathers' houses, and list the names of all the men one by one.
Numbers 1:3 Count everyone in Israel aged 20 and older who can fight in the army, you and Aaron must organize them by their military groups.
Numbers 1:4 You will have one man from each tribe with you; each one will be the leader of his family.
Numbers 1:5 Here are the names of the men who will be with you: from Reuben's tribe, Elizur son of Shedeur.
Numbers 1:6 From the tribe of Simeon: Shelumiel, son of Zurishaddai.
Numbers 1:7 From Judah came Nahshon, son of Amminadab.
Numbers 1:8 From the tribe of Issachar: Nethaneel, son of Zuar.
Numbers 1:9 From Zebulun: Eliab, son of Helon.
Numbers 1:10 From Joseph's descendants: From Ephraim, Elishama son of Ammihud; from Manasseh, Gamaliel son of Pedahzur.
Numbers 1:11 From the tribe of Benjamin: Abidan, son of Gideoni.
Numbers 1:12 From Dan: Ahiezer, son of Ammishaddai.
Numbers 1:13 From the Asher tribe, Pagiel son of Ocran.
Numbers 1:14 From Gad; Eliasaph son of Deuel.
Numbers 1:15 From Naphtali; Ahira, Enan's son.
Numbers 1:16 These were famous leaders of the group, chiefs of their family tribes, and in charge of thousands in Israel.
Numbers 1:17 Moses and Aaron took these men whose names were listed.
Numbers 1:18 They gathered the whole community on the first day of the second month. They listed their family lines by their fathers' houses, by name, starting from age twenty and above, counting each man.
Numbers 1:19 As God told Moses, so he counted them in the Sinai wilderness.
Numbers 1:20 The descendants of Reuben, Israel's oldest son, were organized by their generations, families, and fathers' houses. The list included every man 20 years old and older who could fight in the war.
Numbers 1:21 The tribe of Reuben had 46,500 people counted.
Numbers 1:22 From Simeon's descendants, by their generations and family groups, according to their fathers' houses, the men counted by name, each one over twenty years old and able to fight in war, were listed.
Numbers 1:23 The tribe of Simeon had 59,300 people counted.
Numbers 1:24 From the descendants of Gad, grouped by their generations and family lines, and according to their fathers' households, everyone 20 years old and older who could fight in war was counted.
Numbers 1:25 The total number of the tribe of Gad was 45,650.
Numbers 1:26 From the tribe of Judah, organized by their family lines and ancestors' houses, counting each person by name, all the men aged twenty and above who could fight in the war.
Numbers 1:27 The census counted 74,600 people from the tribe of Judah.
Numbers 1:28 From the tribe of Issachar came men who were listed by their family lines and fathers' houses. Anyone 20 years old or older who could fight in the army was included by name.
Numbers 1:29 The tribe of Issachar had 54,400 people counted.
Numbers 1:30 From the tribe of Zebulun, listed by generations and families, from each father's house, everyone aged twenty or older who could go to war.
Numbers 1:31 The tribe of Zebulun had 57,400 people counted.
Numbers 1:32 From Joseph's descendants, specifically from Ephraim's line, they were counted by generations, family groups, and fathers' houses, including everyone 20 years and older who could fight in wars.
Numbers 1:33 The count of people from the tribe of Ephraim was forty thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 1:34 From the descendants of Manasseh, according to their family lines and their fathers' houses, following the list of names and counting those twenty years old and above, all those fit for military service.
Numbers 1:35 The tribe of Manasseh had 32,200 people counted.
Numbers 1:36 From Benjamin's descendants, by their family lines, according to their fathers' houses, counting each name from age twenty and older, all who could go to war.
Numbers 1:37 The tribe of Benjamin had 35,400 people counted.
Numbers 1:38 From the Dan tribe, sorted by their generations, family groups, and fathers' houses, all the men 20 years old and above who could go to war were counted by their names.
Numbers 1:39 The count of the Dan tribe was 62,700 people.
Numbers 1:40 From the Asher family, according to their generations and family groups, counting by the men's houses, everyone 20 years old and above who could go to war.
Numbers 1:41 The tribe of Asher had 41,500 people counted.
Numbers 1:42 From Naphtali's descendants, by families and father's houses, counting by names, everyone 20 years and older who could fight in war.
Numbers 1:43 The count of the tribe of Naphtali was 53,400.
Numbers 1:44 These are the people counted by Moses, Aaron, and the twelve leaders of Israel, with one man representing each family.
Numbers 1:45 All the Israelites counted by their families, from age twenty and up, who could fight in war, were included.
Numbers 1:46 All those counted were 603,550.
Numbers 1:47 The Levites from their ancestors' tribe were not counted with them.
Numbers 1:48 God had spoken to Moses, saying,
Numbers 1:49 Do not count the tribe of Levi or include them in the census of the Israelites.
Numbers 1:50 You should put the Levites in charge of the tent of testimony, all its equipment, and everything that belongs to it. They will carry the tent and all its equipment; they will take care of it and camp around the tent.
Numbers 1:51 When it's time to move the tent, the Levites will take it apart, and when it's time to set up the tent, the Levites will put it together. Anyone else who comes close will be killed.
Numbers 1:52 The Israelites will set up their tents, each person near their own group, and each person by their own flag, among their units.
Numbers 1:53 The Levites must camp around the tent of the covenant so that God's anger does not fall on the Israelites, and the Levites are responsible for looking after the tent of the covenant.
Numbers 1:54 The Israelites did everything God told Moses to do.

Numbers 2:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Numbers 2:2 Each man from Israel's tribes will camp under his own flag, near the banner of his family: they will set up their tents around the tent where the people meet.
Numbers 2:3 On the east side, where the sun comes up, the tribe of Judah will set up camp under their flag with their army: Nahshon son of Amminadab will lead them.
Numbers 2:4 His army and the counted number of them were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
Numbers 2:5 The group camping next to them will be the Issachar tribe, with Nethaneel son of Zuar as the leader of the Issachar people.
Numbers 2:6 His army and the counted men totaled fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Numbers 2:7 Next, the group from Zebulun: Eliab son of Helon will lead the Zebulun people.
Numbers 2:8 His army, and the counted people in it, were fifty-seven thousand four hundred.
Numbers 2:9 In Judah's camp, 186,400 soldiers were counted. They will march first.
Numbers 2:10 On the south side, the flag of Reuben's camp will be set up for their military units: and Elizur son of Shedeur will lead Reuben's people.
Numbers 2:11 His army, with everyone counted, was 46,500.
Numbers 2:12 The group camping next to him will be the Simeon tribe, and their leader will be Shelumiel, Zurishaddai's son.
Numbers 2:13 His army, and the counted people in it, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Numbers 2:14 The group from Gad: Eliasaph, Reuel's son, will lead Gad's descendants.
Numbers 2:15 His army, and the counted ones, were forty-five thousand six hundred and fifty.
Numbers 2:16 In Reuben's camp, 151,450 people were counted, organized in their groups. They will march second.
Numbers 2:17 Then the tent where people meet will move with the Levites' camp in the middle of all the camps. As they camp, they will move, each person in their own spot under their flags.
Numbers 2:18 The west side will have Ephraim's camp flag, with their soldiers, and Elishama son of Ammihud will lead Ephraim's people.
Numbers 2:19 His army and the counted men were forty-five thousand five hundred.
Numbers 2:20 The Manasseh tribe will be with him, and their leader will be Gamaliel, Pedahzur's son.
Numbers 2:21 His army, and the counted number in it, were thirty-two thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 2:22 Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the leader of Benjamin's people will be Abidan, Gideoni's son.
Numbers 2:23 His army, and the counted number of them, was thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Numbers 2:24 The army of Ephraim had 108,100 soldiers. They will march third.
Numbers 2:25 The flag of Dan's camp will be on the north side by their troops, and the leader of Dan's people will be Ahiezer, Ammishaddai's son.
Numbers 2:26 His army and the counted number of them were 62,700.
Numbers 2:27 The group camping next to him will be the Asher tribe, and the Asher tribe leader will be Pagiel, Ocran's son.
Numbers 2:28 His army, and the counted men, were forty-one thousand five hundred.
Numbers 2:29 The Naphtali tribe: Ahira, son of Enan, will be the leader of Naphtali's people.
Numbers 2:30 His army, with those counted, was fifty-three thousand four hundred.
Numbers 2:31 In Dan's camp, there were 157,600 people counted. They will march last under their banners.
Numbers 2:32 These are the numbers of the Israelites counted by their family groups: all of those counted in the camps throughout their groups totaled 603,550.
Numbers 2:33 The Levites were not counted with the Israelites, as God told Moses.
Numbers 2:34 The Israelites did everything God told Moses: they camped under their flags and moved out grouped by family, following their ancestors' houses.

Numbers 3:1 These are also the family records of Aaron and Moses when God spoke to Moses on Mount Sinai.
Numbers 3:2 These are Aaron's sons' names: Nadab the oldest, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Numbers 3:3 Here are the names of Aaron's sons, the priests who were appointed and set apart to serve as priests.
Numbers 3:4 Nadab and Abihu died in front of God when they offered the wrong kind of fire before God in the Sinai wilderness, and they had no children. Eleazar and Ithamar served as priests with their father Aaron watching.
Numbers 3:5 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 3:6 Bring the Levi tribe close, and place them before Aaron the priest, so they can serve him.
Numbers 3:7 They must take care of their duties and the duties of the whole community at the Tent of Meeting by doing the work of the Tent.
Numbers 3:8 They must take care of all the tools of the meeting tent and be responsible for serving the people of Israel in the tent.
Numbers 3:9 You will give the Levites to Aaron and his sons: they are completely given to him from the Israelites.
Numbers 3:10 You will choose Aaron and his sons to be priests, and they will serve in this role. If anyone else comes close, they must be put to death.
Numbers 3:11 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 3:12 I have chosen the Levites from the Israelites to take the place of all the firstborn of Israel. So the Levites belong to me.
Numbers 3:13 Every firstborn is mine; when I struck down the firstborn in Egypt, I set apart every firstborn in Israel, from people to animals, as mine: they belong to me: I am God.
Numbers 3:14 God spoke to Moses in the Sinai desert, saying,
Numbers 3:15 Count the Levi tribe members by their fathers' households and families, including every boy one month old and older.
Numbers 3:16 Moses counted them as God had instructed him to do.
Numbers 3:17 These were the sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Numbers 3:18 Here are the names of Gershon’s sons by their families: Libni and Shimei.
Numbers 3:19 Kohath's sons in their families were Amram, Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel.
Numbers 3:20 The descendants of Merari by their family groups were Mahli and Mushi. These are the Levite family groups by their ancestors' houses.
Numbers 3:21 Gershon had two families: the Libnites and the Shimites. These are the Gershonite families.
Numbers 3:22 The count of them, every male one month old and above, was seven thousand five hundred.
Numbers 3:23 The Gershonite families must camp behind the sanctuary, towards the west.
Numbers 3:24 The head of the Gershonite family group will be Eliasaph, Lael's son.
Numbers 3:25 The Gershonites are responsible in the meeting tent for the tent itself, its cover, and the curtain at the entrance.
Numbers 3:26 The curtains for the courtyard, the curtain at the entrance to the courtyard near the tent and altar, and the ropes for all its uses.
Numbers 3:27 From Kohath came the Amramite family, the Izeharite family, the Hebronite family, and the Uzzielite family: these are the Kohathite families.
Numbers 3:28 Among the boys one month old and older, there were 8,600 who took care of the holy place.
Numbers 3:29 The families of Kohath's sons will camp on the south side of the tent of worship.
Numbers 3:30 The head of the leading family from Kohath's descendants will be Elizaphan, Uzziel's son.
Numbers 3:31 Their job is to take care of the ark, the table, the lampstand, the altars, and the holy objects they use in service, along with the curtains and everything related to their use.
Numbers 3:32 Eleazar, Aaron the priest's son, will be the leader of the Levite leaders and will supervise those who take care of the sanctuary.
Numbers 3:33 Merari had two families: the Mahlites and the Mushites. These are the Merari families.
Numbers 3:34 The count of the males one month old and older was 6,200.
Numbers 3:35 The leader of the Merari family group was Zuriel, Abihail's son. They will set up their tents north of the tent of meeting.
Numbers 3:36 The sons of Merari will take care of the tabernacle's frames, crossbars, pillars, bases, and all its equipment and everything related to it.
Numbers 3:37 And the posts around the courtyard, their bases, their pegs, and their ropes.
Numbers 3:38 Those who camp in front of the tent on the east side, in front of the meeting tent, will be Moses, Aaron, and his sons. They will take care of the sanctuary on behalf of the people of Israel. Anyone else who comes close will be put to death.
Numbers 3:39 Everyone counted from the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron counted by God's command according to their families, all the males one month old and older, totaled 22,000.
Numbers 3:40 God told Moses, "Count all the first-born boys of the Israelites who are one month old or older, and make a list of their names."
Numbers 3:41 You must choose the Levites for me (I am God) in place of all the firstborn among the Israelites; and the Levites' animals in place of all the firstborn animals of the Israelite people.
Numbers 3:42 Moses counted all the firstborn sons of Israel, just as God had told him to.
Numbers 3:43 All the firstborn boys, one month old and older, listed by name, totaled 22,273.
Numbers 3:44 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 3:45 Choose the Levites instead of the firstborn of the Israelites, and take the Levites' animals instead of their animals; the Levites will belong to me: I am God.
Numbers 3:46 And for the 273 firstborn Israelite children who are more than the Levites and must be redeemed.
Numbers 3:47 You should take five shekels for each person, using the sanctuary shekel (which is twenty gerahs).
Numbers 3:48 You must give the money needed to redeem the extra people to Aaron and his sons.
Numbers 3:49 Moses took the extra redemption money from those who were more than the number redeemed by the Levites.
Numbers 3:50 He took money for the firstborn of the Israelites; one thousand three hundred sixty-five sanctuary shekels.
Numbers 3:51 Moses gave the redemption money to Aaron and his sons, as God had directed, following God's instructions to Moses.

Numbers 4:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Numbers 4:2 Count the Kohathite men among the Levites by their families and their fathers' households.
Numbers 4:3 From age thirty to fifty, everyone who joins the group to work at the meeting tent.
Numbers 4:4 The Kohathites will work at the meeting tent, taking care of the most sacred items.
Numbers 4:5 When the camp moves, Aaron and his sons must take down the curtain and use it to cover the Ark of the Agreement.
Numbers 4:6 You will cover it with badger-skin and lay a completely blue cloth on top, and put the carrying poles in place.
Numbers 4:7 On the table of special bread, they shall lay a blue cloth and place the plates, spoons, bowls, and lids on it: and the regular bread shall be on it.
Numbers 4:8 They will spread a scarlet cloth over them, cover that with badger skin, and insert the carrying poles.
Numbers 4:9 They will use a blue cloth to cover the lampstand, its lamps, tongs, snuffdishes, and all the oil containers used for service.
Numbers 4:10 They will cover it and all its tools with badger skins, then put it on a pole.
Numbers 4:11 On the gold altar, they will lay a blue cloth, cover it with badger skin, and attach its carrying poles.
Numbers 4:12 They must take all the service tools they use in the holy place, wrap them in blue cloth, cover them with leather, and carry them on a pole.
Numbers 4:13 They will remove the ashes from the altar and cover it with a purple cloth.
Numbers 4:14 They will put all its tools on it, which they use for service, like the pans, meat forks, shovels, and bowls, all the tools for the altar; and they will cover it with badger skin and put its carrying poles in place.
Numbers 4:15 When Aaron and his sons finish covering the sanctuary and all its items, as the camp prepares to move, the Kohathites must carry them. However, they must not touch the sacred objects, or they will die. This is the Kohathites' responsibility in the tent of meeting.
Numbers 4:16 Eleazar, Aaron's son and a priest, is in charge of the oil for the lamp, the sweet-smelling incense, the daily grain offering, the anointing oil, and looking after the entire tent of meeting, everything in it, the holy place, and its furnishings.
Numbers 4:17 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Numbers 4:18 Do not exclude the Kohathite clan from the Levite tribe.
Numbers 4:19 Do this for them so they will live and not die when they handle the most holy things: Aaron and his sons must go in and assign each one his job and his load to carry.
Numbers 4:20 They must not enter to see the holy items being covered, or they will die.
Numbers 4:21 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 4:22 Count the sons of Gershon too, by their father's houses and by their families.
Numbers 4:23 Count all who are from 30 to 50 years old; these are the ones who will work and serve in the meeting tent.
Numbers 4:24 This is the work of the Gershonite families, to serve and carry loads.
Numbers 4:25 They will carry the tabernacle's curtains, its covering, the extra layer of badger skin on top, and the cloth for the entrance of the meeting tent.
Numbers 4:26 The curtains of the courtyard, the curtain for the entrance of the courtyard gate near the tent and the altar, their ropes, all the tools used for their service, and everything made for them: this is how they will work.
Numbers 4:27 Aaron and his sons will direct all the work of the Gershonites with everything they carry and all their tasks. You must give them responsibility for all they carry.
Numbers 4:28 This is the job of the Gershon family groups in the meeting tent: they will work under Ithamar, Aaron the priest's son.
Numbers 4:29 Count the sons of Merari by their families and their fathers' houses.
Numbers 4:30 Count everyone from 30 to 50 years old who enters to serve and work at the tent of meeting.
Numbers 4:31 This is their duty with all the work they do in the tent of meeting: to take care of the tent's frames, bars, posts, and bases.
Numbers 4:32 The pillars around the courtyard, their bases, pegs, and ropes, with all their tools and everything used in their service: you must list the tools assigned for carrying them by name.
Numbers 4:33 This is the work of the Merari family groups, doing all their tasks at the meeting tent, led by Ithamar, Aaron the priest's son.
Numbers 4:34 Moses, Aaron, and the leader of the assembly counted the Kohathite men by their families and ancestors' houses.
Numbers 4:35 From age thirty to fifty, everyone who enters the service to work in the tent of meeting.
Numbers 4:36 And the count of them by their families was two thousand seven hundred and fifty.
Numbers 4:37 These were the people counted from the Kohathite families, all who could work at the meeting tent, which Moses and Aaron counted as God commanded through Moses.
Numbers 4:38 The sons of Gershon were counted according to their families and their fathers' houses.
Numbers 4:39 From thirty to fifty years old, everyone who enters the service to work in the tent of meeting.
Numbers 4:40 The count of them, by their family and father's house, was two thousand six hundred thirty.
Numbers 4:41 These are the people counted from Gershon's descendants, all who could work in the meeting tent, whom Moses and Aaron counted as God commanded.
Numbers 4:42 The number of people from the Merari family groups, counted by their family lines and fathers' houses,
Numbers 4:43 From age thirty to fifty, anyone who joins the service to work at the tent of meeting.
Numbers 4:44 The count of their family members was three thousand two hundred.
Numbers 4:45 These are the ones counted from the families of Merari's sons, whom Moses and Aaron counted as God commanded through Moses.
Numbers 4:46 Everyone counted from the Levite tribe, whom Moses, Aaron, and Israel's leaders recorded by their families and ancestors' houses,
Numbers 4:47 From age thirty to fifty, everyone who came to serve and carry loads in the meeting tent.
Numbers 4:48 Even those counted among them were 8,580.
Numbers 4:49 God instructed them to count each person by Moses' direction, based on their tasks and responsibilities, and so Moses counted them as God had ordered.

Numbers 5:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:2 Tell the Israelites to send out of the camp anyone with a skin disease, anyone who has a bodily discharge, and anyone who is unclean because of a dead body.
Numbers 5:3 Remove both men and women from the camp; do not let them make your camps unclean where I live among you.
Numbers 5:4 The Israelites did what was told and sent them outside the camp; just as God told Moses, that's what the Israelites did.
Numbers 5:5 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:6 Tell the Israelites, when a man or woman does any sin that people do and wrongs God, and that person is guilty;
Numbers 5:7 They must admit the sin they committed, then pay back the main amount plus an extra fifth of it to the person they wronged.
Numbers 5:8 If the man has no relative to pay the debt to, give the payment to God, to the priest, plus the ram for making things right with God.
Numbers 5:9 Every gift of the sacred things the Israelites bring to the priest will belong to him.
Numbers 5:10 Everything a man sets apart as holy belongs to him; whatever someone gives to the priest becomes the priest's.
Numbers 5:11 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:12 Talk to the people of Israel and tell them, if a man's wife goes away and is unfaithful to him,
Numbers 5:13 If a man sleeps with her sexually, and it is secret from her husband, and it is hidden, and she is unclean, and there is no witness against her, and she is not caught in the act;
Numbers 5:14 If he feels jealous because he thinks his wife has been unfaithful, or if he feels jealous even if she hasn't been unfaithful:
Numbers 5:15 The man must take his wife to the priest, along with her offering, which is a tenth of an ephah of barley flour. He must not add oil or frankincense to it because it is a jealousy offering, a reminder offering that brings sin to mind.
Numbers 5:16 The priest will bring her close and place her before God.
Numbers 5:17 The priest will take holy water in a clay pot and then take some dust from the floor of the worship place and add it to the water.
Numbers 5:18 The priest will bring the woman before God, uncover her head, and give her the jealousy offering to hold as a reminder. The priest will also hold the bitter water that brings a curse.
Numbers 5:19 The priest will make the woman take an oath and say to her, "If you have not slept with another man and have not been unfaithful to your husband, you will not be harmed by this cursed bitter water."
Numbers 5:20 But if you have been unfaithful to your husband and have been with another man:
Numbers 5:21 The priest must make the woman take a curse oath, and the priest will say to the woman, "May God make you a cursed example and a warning among your people when God causes your leg to rot and your stomach to swell."
Numbers 5:22 This cursed water will enter your stomach, making it swell and your thigh waste away. And the woman will say, "Yes, yes."
Numbers 5:23 The priest will write down these curses in a book and then wash them away with the bitter water.
Numbers 5:24 He will make the woman drink the bitter water that brings a curse; this water will go into her and become bitter.
Numbers 5:25 The priest will take the jealousy offering from the woman's hand, wave it in front of God, and put it on the altar.
Numbers 5:26 The priest will take a handful of the sacrifice, remembering it, and burn it on the altar; then he will make the woman drink the water.
Numbers 5:27 After she drinks the water, if she has been unfaithful to her husband, the water that brings a curse will enter her, turn bitter, her stomach will swell, her thigh will waste away, and she will become cursed among her people.
Numbers 5:28 If the woman is not impure but is clean, then she is free and will have children.
Numbers 5:29 This is the rule for when a wife is unfaithful to her husband and becomes unclean with another man.
Numbers 5:30 If a man is overcome by a jealous spirit and suspects his wife, he must bring her before God, and the priest will carry out these laws on her.
Numbers 5:31 Then the man will be free from guilt, and the woman will carry her own guilt.

Numbers 6:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 6:2 Tell the people of Israel, if a man or woman chooses to make a special promise to become a Nazarite, dedicated to God.
Numbers 6:3 He must stay away from wine and strong drinks, not drink any kind of vinegar made from wine or strong drinks, and not drink grape juice or eat fresh or dried grapes.
Numbers 6:4 During the time of his commitment, he must not eat anything that comes from the grapevine, not even the seeds or skins.
Numbers 6:5 Throughout the time of his promise to stay apart, he must not cut his hair. Until the time is complete for which he sets himself apart for God, he must be holy and allow his hair to grow long.
Numbers 6:6 Every day he sets apart for God, he must not be near any dead body.
Numbers 6:7 He must not make himself unclean for his father, mother, brother, or sister when they die, because he is dedicated to God.
Numbers 6:8 Throughout his time of commitment, he is sacred to God.
Numbers 6:9 If someone dies suddenly near a man, making his dedicated hair unclean, he must shave his head on the day he becomes clean, which is the seventh day.
Numbers 6:10 On the eighth day, he must take two doves or two young pigeons to the priest at the entrance of the meeting tent.
Numbers 6:11 The priest will sacrifice one animal for a sin offering and another for a burnt offering to forgive him for touching a dead body, and he will consecrate his head that day.
Numbers 6:12 He must dedicate the days of his separation to God and bring a one-year-old lamb for a guilt offering. But the previous days don't count because his separation became unclean.
Numbers 6:13 This is the rule for a Nazarite when his time of separation ends: he must go to the entrance of the meeting tent.
Numbers 6:14 He must present his offering to God: a one-year-old male lamb without any defects for a burnt offering, a one-year-old female lamb without defects for a sin offering, and a ram without defects for peace offerings.
Numbers 6:15 A basket of bread without yeast, cakes made with fine flour and oil, and thin bread without yeast covered with oil, along with their grain offering and their drink offerings.
Numbers 6:16 The priest will present them to God and offer the sin sacrifice and the burnt offering.
Numbers 6:17 He will offer the ram as a peace sacrifice to God, along with the basket of bread without yeast. The priest will also present his grain offering and his drink offering.
Numbers 6:18 The Nazarite must cut the hair dedicated to God at the entrance of the meeting tent and put that hair in the fire where the peace offerings are burned.
Numbers 6:19 The priest will take the cooked shoulder of the ram, one bread without yeast from the basket, and one flat, yeast-free bread, and place them on the hands of the Nazarite after his special hair has been cut off.
Numbers 6:20 The priest will move them back and forth as a special offering before God. This part is sacred for the priest, including the chest and shoulder parts. After this, the person dedicated to God can drink wine.
Numbers 6:21 This is the rule for the Nazarite who has made a promise, and for his gift to God because of his special commitment. It is in addition to what he can afford. He must follow what he promised to do according to the rules of his commitment.
Numbers 6:22 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 6:23 Talk to Aaron and his sons and tell them, "This is how you should bless the people of Israel. Say to them,
Numbers 6:24 God bless you and protect you.
Numbers 6:25 May God make his face shine on you and be gracious to you.
Numbers 6:26 May God look kindly on you and bring you peace.
Numbers 6:27 They will give my name to the Israelites, and I will bless them.

Numbers 7:1 On the day Moses finished setting up the tent of meeting, he put oil on it, made it holy, and did the same for all its equipment, the altar, and all its tools.
Numbers 7:2 The leaders of Israel, the heads of their families, who were in charge of the tribes and oversaw the counting, gave offerings.
Numbers 7:3 They presented their gift to God: six covered carts and twelve oxen. Each two leaders shared a cart, and each leader had an ox. They brought them in front of the tent of meeting.
Numbers 7:4 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 7:5 Accept it from them so they can work in the meeting tent; give it to the Levites, to each one as his work requires.
Numbers 7:6 Moses took the carts and oxen and gave them to the Levites.
Numbers 7:7 He gave the sons of Gershon two carts and four oxen, as needed for their work.
Numbers 7:8 God gave the sons of Merari four wagons and eight oxen because of their work, with Ithamar, Aaron's son and priest, in charge.
Numbers 7:9 But he did not give any to the Kohathites, because their task was to carry the holy things on their shoulders.
Numbers 7:10 The leaders gave gifts to honor the altar on the day it was blessed, and they presented their gifts in front of the altar.
Numbers 7:11 God told Moses, "Each leader should give their gift on their own day to dedicate the altar."
Numbers 7:12 The first person to present his gift was Nahshon, Amminadab's son, from Judah's tribe.
Numbers 7:13 His gift was one silver plate weighing 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels, as weighed by the sanctuary. Both were filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:14 One spoon weighing ten gold shekels, filled with incense:
Numbers 7:15 One young bull, one male sheep, one baby sheep less than a year old, for a burnt sacrifice.
Numbers 7:16 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:17 For a peace offering, they gave two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was Nahshon son of Amminadab's offering.
Numbers 7:18 On the second day, Nethaneel, Zuar's son and the leader of Issachar, made an offering.
Numbers 7:19 He gave a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver bowl of 70 shekels, using the sanctuary's standard weight, both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering.
Numbers 7:20 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with incense.
Numbers 7:21 One young bull, one male sheep, one lamb that is one year old, for a offering to be completely burned.
Numbers 7:22 A young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:23 For a peace offering sacrifice, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, five one-year-old lambs: this was Nethaneel son of Zuar's offering.
Numbers 7:24 On the third day, Eliab, Helon's son and leader of Zebulun's people, gave his offering.
Numbers 7:25 His gift was a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver bowl of 70 shekels, using the sanctuary weight standard; both filled with fine flour mixed with oil for a food offering.
Numbers 7:26 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:27 One young bull, one male sheep, one young lamb, less than a year old, for a burnt offering.
Numbers 7:28 A young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:29 For a peace offering, they brought two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs: this was Eliab, Helon's son's gift.
Numbers 7:30 On the fourth day, Elizur son of Shedeur, leader of Reuben's descendants, made an offering.
Numbers 7:31 He offered a silver dish weighing 130 shekels and a silver bowl of 70 shekels, based on the sanctuary weight, both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering.
Numbers 7:32 One gold spoon weighing ten units, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:33 One young bull, one male sheep, one young lamb less than a year old, for a burnt offering.
Numbers 7:34 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:35 For a peace offering, they gave two cows, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was Elizur son of Shedeur's gift.
Numbers 7:36 On the fifth day, Shelumiel, Zurishaddai's son and leader of Simeon's descendants, made an offering.
Numbers 7:37 His gift was one silver platter weighing 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels, as measured by the temple standard; both filled with fine flour and oil for a food offering.
Numbers 7:38 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:39 One young bull, one male sheep, one baby sheep less than one year old, as a sacrifice to be completely burned.
Numbers 7:40 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:41 For a peace offering, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs: this was Shelumiel son of Zurishaddai's offering.
Numbers 7:42 On the sixth day, Eliasaph, Deuel's son and the leader of Gad's descendants, gave an offering.
Numbers 7:43 He gave a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver dish of 70 shekels, by the sanctuary's weight, both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:44 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:45 One young cow, one male sheep, one young sheep less than a year old, for a sacrifice to be completely burned.
Numbers 7:46 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:47 For a peace offering sacrifice, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, five one-year-old lambs: this was Eliasaph, son of Deuel's offering.
Numbers 7:48 On the seventh day, Elishama, Ammihud's son and leader of Ephraim's descendants, gave his offering.
Numbers 7:49 His gift was a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver dish of 70 shekels, by the sanctuary's standard; both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:50 One gold spoon weighing ten pieces, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:51 One young bull, one male sheep, one young lamb less than a year old, for a sacrifice to be burned.
Numbers 7:52 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:53 For a peace offering, there were two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was the offering from Elishama, Ammihud's son.
Numbers 7:54 On the eighth day, Gamaliel, Pedahzur's son and the leader of the Manasseh tribe, presented his offering.
Numbers 7:55 He offered a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver bowl weighing 70 shekels, based on the sanctuary's standard weight. Both were filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:56 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:57 One young cow, one male sheep, one young sheep less than a year old, for a burnt offering.
Numbers 7:58 A young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:59 For a peace offering sacrifice, two bulls, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs: this was Gamaliel son of Pedahzur's offering.
Numbers 7:60 On the ninth day, Abidan, Gideoni's son and the leader of Benjamin's descendants, made an offering.
Numbers 7:61 His gift was a silver plate weighing 130 shekels and a silver bowl of 70 shekels, by the sanctuary weight, both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:62 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet spices.
Numbers 7:63 One young cow, one male sheep, one baby sheep less than a year old, for a burned sacrifice.
Numbers 7:64 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:65 For a peace offering, there were two bulls, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was Abidan son of Gideoni's offering.
Numbers 7:66 On the tenth day, Ahiezer, Ammishaddai's son and the leader of the Dan tribe, gave his offering.
Numbers 7:67 His gift was one silver platter weighing 130 shekels and one silver bowl weighing 70 shekels, both according to the holy weight standard. They were both filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:68 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet spices.
Numbers 7:69 One young cow, one male sheep, and one baby sheep less than a year old for a sacrifice to be completely burned.
Numbers 7:70 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:71 For a peace sacrifice, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, five one-year-old lambs: this was Ahiezer son of Ammishaddai's offering.
Numbers 7:72 On the eleventh day, Pagiel, Ocran's son and leader of the Asher family, presented an offering.
Numbers 7:73 His gift was one silver plate weighing 130 shekels and one silver bowl weighing 70 shekels, by the sanctuary's standard. Both were filled with fine flour mixed with oil as a food offering.
Numbers 7:74 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with incense.
Numbers 7:75 One young cow, one male sheep, one young sheep less than a year old, for a sacrifice to be burned.
Numbers 7:76 One young goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 7:77 For a peace offering, they gave two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was Pagiel son of Ocran's offering.
Numbers 7:78 On the twelfth day, Ahira, Enan's son and leader of the Naphtali people, gave his offering.
Numbers 7:79 His gift was one silver platter weighing 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels, by the sanctuary's standard. Both were filled with fine flour mixed with oil for a food offering.
Numbers 7:80 One gold spoon weighing ten shekels, filled with sweet-smelling spices.
Numbers 7:81 One young bull, one ram, one lamb under one year old, for a burnt sacrifice.
Numbers 7:82 One young goat for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:83 For a peace sacrifice, they offered two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five one-year-old lambs. This was Ahira, Enan's son's offering.
Numbers 7:84 This was the celebration for the altar, on the day it was blessed, by the leaders of Israel: twelve silver plates, twelve silver bowls, twelve gold spoons.
Numbers 7:85 Each silver plate weighed one hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy; all the silver items together weighed two thousand four hundred shekels, by the sanctuary's standard.
Numbers 7:86 There were twelve gold spoons filled with sweet-smelling spices, each weighing ten sanctuary shekels. The total weight of the gold spoons was one hundred twenty shekels.
Numbers 7:87 For the burnt offering, there were twelve oxen, twelve rams, twelve one-year-old lambs with their grain offering, and twelve goats for the sin offering.
Numbers 7:88 For the peace offering sacrifice, there were 24 bulls, 60 rams, 60 male goats, and 60 one-year-old lambs. This was to dedicate the altar after it was blessed.
Numbers 7:89 When Moses entered the meeting tent to talk with God, he heard a voice speaking to him from the mercy seat on the ark of the agreement, between the two cherubs, and the voice talked to him.

Numbers 8:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 8:2 Tell Aaron, when you light the lamps, the seven lamps should shine in front of the lampstand.
Numbers 8:3 Aaron did as told; he lit the lamps facing the lampstand, just as God ordered Moses.
Numbers 8:4 The candlestick was made of hammered gold, from its base to its flowers, just as God had shown Moses.
Numbers 8:5 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 8:6 Choose the Levites from the people of Israel and make them clean.
Numbers 8:7 Do this to make them clean: Sprinkle purifying water on them, have them shave all their body hair, wash their clothes, and they will be clean.
Numbers 8:8 Let them bring a young bull with its grain offering of fine flour mixed with oil, and you must bring another young bull for a sin offering.
Numbers 8:9 Bring the Levites to the tent of meeting and gather all the Israelites.
Numbers 8:10 Bring the Levites before God, and let the Israelites lay their hands on them.
Numbers 8:11 Aaron will present the Levites to God on behalf of the Israelites, so they can do God's work.
Numbers 8:12 The Levites will put their hands on the bulls' heads. You will sacrifice one bull for a sin offering and the other for a burnt offering to God, to ask for forgiveness for the Levites.
Numbers 8:13 Place the Levites in front of Aaron and his sons, and present them as an offering to God.
Numbers 8:14 You must set apart the Levites from the rest of the Israelites, and the Levites will belong to me.
Numbers 8:15 After that, the Levites will enter to work in the meeting tent; you must clean them and present them as an offering.
Numbers 8:16 They are completely given to me from the Israelites; in place of those who are the first to be born, I have chosen them for myself.
Numbers 8:17 All the firstborn of Israel's children belong to me, including humans and animals. On the day I struck down all the firstborn in Egypt, I set them apart for myself.
Numbers 8:18 I have chosen the Levites in place of all the firstborn sons of the Israelites.
Numbers 8:19 I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and his sons from the Israelites, to serve the Israelites in the meeting tent and to seek forgiveness for the Israelites, so that no disease will come to the Israelites when they come close to the holy place.
Numbers 8:20 Moses, Aaron, and all the Israelite community did to the Levites just as God had commanded Moses. So the Israelites followed these instructions with the Levites.
Numbers 8:21 The Levites were made clean, and they washed their clothes. Aaron presented them to God as a gift and made a sacrifice to purify them.
Numbers 8:22 After that, the Levites went to work in the meeting tent before Aaron and his sons, just as God told Moses to do for the Levites.
Numbers 8:23 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 8:24 This means that the Levites, starting at age twenty-five and older, will work and serve at the meeting tent.
Numbers 8:25 At fifty years old they will stop serving and not work anymore.
Numbers 8:26 They should help their brothers at the tent of meeting and carry out their duties, but they should not do the work. This is what you must require of the Levites regarding their responsibilities.

Numbers 9:1 God spoke to Moses in the Sinai wilderness, in the first month of the second year after they left Egypt, saying.
Numbers 9:2 The Israelite children should celebrate Passover at the set time.
Numbers 9:3 On the fourteenth day of this month, at evening, you must celebrate it at the set time: you must follow all its rules and all its ceremonies.
Numbers 9:4 Moses told the Israelites to celebrate the Passover.
Numbers 9:5 They celebrated Passover on the fourteenth day of the first month in the evening in the Sinai wilderness, just as God told Moses, and so the Israelites did.
Numbers 9:6 Some men were unclean because they had touched a dead body, so they couldn't celebrate Passover that day. They went to Moses and Aaron that day.
Numbers 9:7 Those men told him, "We are unclean because of a man's dead body. Why should we be stopped from presenting God's offering at the right time among the Israelites?"
Numbers 9:8 Moses said to them, "Stay here, and I will listen to what God will order for you."
Numbers 9:9 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 9:10 Tell the Israelites that if someone is unclean because of touching a dead body, or is on a far journey, they must still celebrate Passover for God.
Numbers 9:11 On the fourteenth day of the second month, in the evening, they must celebrate it, eating the meal with bread without yeast and bitter herbs.
Numbers 9:12 They must not leave any until morning or break any of its bones. They must follow all the rules of the Passover.
Numbers 9:13 If a person is clean and not traveling but doesn't celebrate Passover, they will be separated from their people for not bringing God's offering at the right time; they must accept their wrong.
Numbers 9:14 If a foreigner stays with you and wants to celebrate the Passover for God, they must do it by the rules and ways of Passover. The same rules apply to both the foreigner and the native-born.
Numbers 9:15 On the day they put up the holy tent, a cloud covered it, which was the Tent of the Agreement. In the evening, it looked like fire on the tent until morning.
Numbers 9:16 The cloud always covered it during the day, and at night it looked like fire.
Numbers 9:17 When the cloud lifted from the tent, then the Israelites set out; where the cloud stayed, there the Israelites camped.
Numbers 9:18 By God's command, the Israelites traveled, and by His command, they set up camp: they stayed in their tents while the cloud stayed over the dwelling place.
Numbers 9:19 When the cloud stayed over the tent for many days, the Israelites followed God's command and did not travel.
Numbers 9:20 So when the cloud stayed over the tent for a few days, they followed God's order and stayed in their tents, and when God ordered, they moved on.
Numbers 9:21 When the cloud stayed from evening until morning and lifted in the morning, they traveled. Whenever the cloud lifted, day or night, they traveled.
Numbers 9:22 Whether the cloud stayed over the tent for two days, a month, or a year, the Israelites stayed in their tents and did not travel. But when the cloud lifted, they traveled.
Numbers 9:23 By God's order, they stayed in their tents, and by God's order, they traveled: they followed God's command through Moses.

Numbers 10:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 10:2 Make two silver trumpets from one piece of metal to call the people together and to signal when it's time to move the camps.
Numbers 10:3 When they blow the horns, everyone must gather to you at the tent of meeting entrance.
Numbers 10:4 If they blow one trumpet, then the leaders, who are in charge of Israel's groups of a thousand, will come to you.
Numbers 10:5 When you sound an alarm, the camps on the east side should move ahead.
Numbers 10:6 When you sound the alarm a second time, the camps on the south side will start to travel; they will blow the alarm when they are to move.
Numbers 10:7 When it's time to gather the people, you should blow the trumpets, but do not sound an alarm.
Numbers 10:8 Aaron's sons, who are priests, will blow the trumpets; this will be a lasting rule for all your future families.
Numbers 10:9 If you fight in your land against the enemy who attacks you, then you must sound an alarm with the trumpets; and you will be thought of by God, and you will be rescued from your enemies.
Numbers 10:10 On happy days, special days, and the start of your months, blow trumpets over your burnt offerings and peace sacrifices as a reminder before your God: I am your God.
Numbers 10:11 On the twentieth day of the second month in the second year, the cloud lifted from above the tent of the law.
Numbers 10:12 The Israelites left the Sinai desert, and the cloud settled in the Paran desert.
Numbers 10:13 They began their journey as God commanded through Moses.
Numbers 10:14 First, the group from the tribe of Judah marched with their flag, and Nahshon son of Amminadab led them.
Numbers 10:15 The leader of Issachar's tribe's army was Nethaneel, Zuar's son.
Numbers 10:16 Eliab, Helon's son, led the army of Zebulun's descendants.
Numbers 10:17 The tent was taken apart; and Gershon's and Merari's sons moved on, carrying the tent.
Numbers 10:18 Reuben's group marched with their banner, and Elizur, Shedeur's son, was in charge of their soldiers.
Numbers 10:19 The leader of Simeon's tribe was Shelumiel, Zurishaddai's son.
Numbers 10:20 Eliasaph, Deuel's son, was in charge of Gad tribe's soldiers.
Numbers 10:21 The Kohathites moved ahead, carrying the sanctuary, and others set up the tent before they arrived.
Numbers 10:22 The group from Ephraim moved forward with their soldiers, and Elishama, Ammihud's son, was their leader.
Numbers 10:23 Gamaliel, Pedahzur's son, led the army of Manasseh's tribe.
Numbers 10:24 Abidan, Gideoni's son, led the army of Benjamin's tribe.
Numbers 10:25 The flag of Dan's camp moved ahead, which was at the back of all the groups, with Ahiezer, son of Ammishaddai, leading his people.
Numbers 10:26 Pagiel, son of Ocran, was in charge of the group from the Asher tribe.
Numbers 10:27 Ahira, Enan's son, led the army of Naphtali's tribe.
Numbers 10:28 These were the travels of the Israelites by their groups when they moved on.
Numbers 10:29 Moses said to Hobab, Raguel the Midianite's son and Moses' father-in-law, "We are traveling to the place God promised to give us. Come with us, and we'll treat you well. God has promised good things for Israel."
Numbers 10:30 He said to him, "I will not go; instead, I will go back to my own land and to my family."
Numbers 10:31 He said, "Please don't leave us; you know where we can camp in the desert, and you can guide us."
Numbers 10:32 If you come with us, whatever good things God does for us, we will do the same for you.
Numbers 10:33 They left God's mountain and traveled for three days. The chest of God's agreement led them during these three days to find a place to rest.
Numbers 10:34 God's cloud was over them during the day when they left the camp.
Numbers 10:35 When the ark moved, Moses said, "Get up, God, make your enemies go away, and those who hate you run from you."
Numbers 10:36 When it stopped, he said, "Come back, God, to the many thousands of Israel."

Numbers 11:1 When the people complained, it upset God; God heard it, and became angry; God's fire burned among them, and it destroyed those on the edges of the camp.
Numbers 11:2 The people called out to Moses; and when Moses prayed to God, the fire went out.
Numbers 11:3 He named the place Taberah because God's fire had burned there.
Numbers 11:4 The diverse crowd with them started to crave food, and the Israelites cried again, asking, "Who will give us meat to eat?"
Numbers 11:5 We remember eating fish for free in Egypt, along with cucumbers, melons, leeks, onions, and garlic.
Numbers 11:6 Now we feel empty inside; all we see is this manna and nothing else.
Numbers 11:7 The manna looked like coriander seed and was the same color as bdellium.
Numbers 11:8 The people collected the food and ground it in mills or crushed it in a bowl, then cooked it on pans to make cakes; it tasted like fresh oil.
Numbers 11:9 When the dew came down on the camp at night, the manna came down with it.
Numbers 11:10 Moses heard the people crying in their families, each man at his tent door, and God became very angry; Moses was also upset.
Numbers 11:11 Moses said to God, "Why have you made things hard for me, your servant? And why don't I have your favor, that you have put the responsibility of all these people on me?"
Numbers 11:12 Did I give birth to all these people? Did I create them, that you tell me to carry them like a father carries a nursing baby, to the land you promised to their ancestors?
Numbers 11:13 Where can I get meat to give to all these people? They are crying to me, 'Give us meat so we can eat.'
Numbers 11:14 I can't handle all these people by myself, it's too much for me.
Numbers 11:15 If you treat me like this, please kill me now, if I have your favor; don't let me see my misery.
Numbers 11:16 God told Moses, "Bring me seventy of Israel's elders, known to you as leaders and officials, to the meeting tent so they can stand with you."
Numbers 11:17 I will come down and speak with you there. I will take some of the spirit that is on you and put it on them, so they can share the people's weight with you and you won't have to carry it alone.
Numbers 11:18 Tell the people to get ready for tomorrow, and you will eat meat. You cried to God for meat, saying, "Who will give us meat to eat? We had it good in Egypt." So God will give you meat, and you will eat.
Numbers 11:19 You must not eat for one day, two days, five days, ten days, or twenty days.
Numbers 11:20 But even for a whole month, until you are sick of it because it comes out of your nose, and you hate it: you feel this way because you rejected God among you and cried in front of him, asking, 'Why did we leave Egypt?'
Numbers 11:21 Moses said, "The people I am with are 600,000 soldiers; and you have said, 'I will give them meat to eat for a whole month.'"
Numbers 11:22 Should we kill enough flocks and herds to feed them? Or should we gather all the fish from the sea for them to be satisfied?
Numbers 11:23 God said to Moses, "Is God's power weak? You will now see if my promise to you happens or not."
Numbers 11:24 Moses went out, told the people what God said, gathered seventy elders, and placed them around the tent.
Numbers 11:25 God came down in a cloud, spoke to him, and shared his spirit with the seventy elders. When the spirit rested on them, they spoke God's message and did not stop.
Numbers 11:26 Two men stayed in the camp, one named Eldad and the other Medad. God's spirit was with them. They were listed to go to the tent but did not go. Instead, they spoke God's word in the camp.
Numbers 11:27 A young man ran and told Moses, "Eldad and Medad are prophesying in the camp."
Numbers 11:28 Joshua, son of Nun, who served Moses, replied, "Moses, tell them to stop."
Numbers 11:29 And Moses said to him, "Are you jealous for me? I wish that all God's people were prophets and that God would give them his spirit!"
Numbers 11:30 Moses went into the camp with the elders of Israel.
Numbers 11:31 A wind from God blew, and brought quails from the sea, dropping them near the camp, about a day's walk on one side and on the other side, all around the camp, and about two cubits deep on the ground.
Numbers 11:32 The people stood all day, all night, and the next day, collecting quails. The one who collected the least got ten baskets full. They laid them out around the camp.
Numbers 11:33 While the meat was still in their mouths, before they could chew it, God became very angry with the people, and God struck them with a terrible plague.
Numbers 11:34 He named that place Graves of Craving because there they buried the people who had strong desires.
Numbers 11:35 The people traveled from Kibrothhattaavah to Hazeroth and stayed there.

Numbers 12:1 Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses because he married a woman from Ethiopia.
Numbers 12:2 They asked, "Has God spoken only through Moses? Hasn't he also spoken through us?" And God heard this.
Numbers 12:3 Moses was the humblest man on earth, more than anyone else.
Numbers 12:4 God spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, "You three come to the meeting tent." And the three of them went out.
Numbers 12:5 God came down in the cloud pillar, stood at the tabernacle entrance, and called Aaron and Miriam, and they both came out.
Numbers 12:6 He said, "Listen to me: If there's a prophet with you, God will reveal himself in a vision and speak to him in a dream."
Numbers 12:7 My servant Moses is different; he is trustworthy in all my household.
Numbers 12:8 I will talk directly and clearly with him, not in riddles, and he will see a form of God. So why weren't you afraid to speak against my servant Moses?
Numbers 12:9 God became angry with them, and he left.
Numbers 12:10 The cloud moved away from the tent, and Miriam had a skin disease, white like snow. Aaron saw Miriam and she had the skin disease.
Numbers 12:11 Aaron said to Moses, "Sorry, my lord, I ask you, don't blame us for the foolish things we have done and for our sins."
Numbers 12:12 Do not let her be like a newborn that is half dead with rotting flesh.
Numbers 12:13 Moses called out to God, saying, "Please God, heal her now."
Numbers 12:14 God told Moses, "If her father had spit in her face, wouldn't she feel shame for seven days? Keep her out of the camp for seven days, and after that, she can come back."
Numbers 12:15 Miriam had to stay outside the camp for seven days; the people did not move on until Miriam was allowed back in.
Numbers 12:16 Later, the people left Hazeroth and set up camp in the Paran wilderness.

Numbers 13:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 13:2 Send people to explore the land of Canaan, which I am giving to the Israelites. From each ancestral tribe, send one leader.
Numbers 13:3 Moses, following God's command, sent them from the Paran desert: all those men were leaders of the Israelites.
Numbers 13:4 Their names were these: from Reuben's tribe, Shammua, Zaccur's son.
Numbers 13:5 From the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat, Hori's son.
Numbers 13:6 Caleb, the son of Jephunneh, was from the tribe of Judah.
Numbers 13:7 From the Issachar tribe, Igal, Joseph's son.
Numbers 13:8 From the tribe of Ephraim, Oshea the son of Nun.
Numbers 13:9 From the tribe of Benjamin, Palti, Raphu's son.
Numbers 13:10 From Zebulun's tribe, Gaddiel, Sodi's son.
Numbers 13:11 From Joseph's tribe, that is, from Manasseh's tribe, Gaddi, Susi's son.
Numbers 13:12 From the tribe of Dan, Ammiel son of Gemalli.
Numbers 13:13 From Asher's tribe, Sethur, Michael's son.
Numbers 13:14 Nahbi, Vophsi's son, was from the tribe of Naphtali.
Numbers 13:15 From the tribe of Gad, Geuel son of Machi.
Numbers 13:16 These are the names of the men Moses sent to explore the land. And Moses named Oshea, Nun's son, Joshua.
Numbers 13:17 Moses sent them to explore the land of Canaan and told them, "Go up from the south and climb into the mountains."
Numbers 13:18 Look at the land and what it's like, and the people living there, whether they are strong or weak, and if there are many or just a few.
Numbers 13:19 Find out about the land where they live, whether it is good or bad, and what kind of cities they live in, whether they are camps or fortified cities.
Numbers 13:20 Describe the land, if it's rich or poor, and if there are trees or not. Be brave and bring back some of the land's fruit. It was the season for early grapes.
Numbers 13:21 They went and explored the land from the Zin desert to Rehob, near Hamath.
Numbers 13:22 They went up from the south and arrived at Hebron, where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the descendants of Anak, lived. (Hebron was founded seven years before Zoan in Egypt.)
Numbers 13:23 They reached Eshcol's stream, cut a grape branch with one bunch of grapes, carried it on a pole between two, and took pomegranates and figs.
Numbers 13:24 The place was named Eshcol Creek because the Israelites cut a bunch of grapes from there.
Numbers 13:25 They came back from exploring the land after forty days.
Numbers 13:26 They went and returned to Moses, Aaron, and all the Israelites at the Paran desert, near Kadesh, and told them and everyone what they saw and showed them the fruit of the land.
Numbers 13:27 They told him, "We went to the land you sent us to, and it is full of milk and honey; this is its fruit."
Numbers 13:28 But the people living in the land are strong, and their cities have high walls and are very big. Also, we saw the descendants of Anak there.
Numbers 13:29 The Amalekites live in the southern land; the Hittites, Jebusites, and Amorites live in the mountains; and the Canaanites live by the sea and near the Jordan river.
Numbers 13:30 Caleb calmed the people in front of Moses and said, "Let's go right now and take the land; we can definitely conquer it."
Numbers 13:31 But the men who went with him said, "We can't attack those people; they are stronger than us."
Numbers 13:32 They gave a bad report about the land they explored to the Israelites, saying, "The land we went to check out is one that destroys its people, and everyone we saw there is very tall."
Numbers 13:33 We saw giants there, Anak's descendants, who were from the giants. We felt like grasshoppers to ourselves, and that's how we seemed to them.

Numbers 14:1 The whole group raised their voices, cried, and the people cried all night.
Numbers 14:2 All the Israelites complained against Moses and Aaron, and the whole group said to them, "If only we had died in Egypt! Or if only we had died in this desert!"
Numbers 14:3 Why did God bring us to this land to be killed by the sword and to have our wives and children taken away? Wouldn't it have been better to go back to Egypt?
Numbers 14:4 They said to each other, "Let's choose a leader and go back to Egypt."
Numbers 14:5 Then Moses and Aaron fell down with their faces to the ground in front of all the Israelites gathered there.
Numbers 14:6 Joshua, Nun's son, and Caleb, Jephunneh's son, who had explored the land, tore their clothes.
Numbers 14:7 They told all the Israelites, "The land we explored is a very good land."
Numbers 14:8 If God is pleased with us, then he will take us into this land and give it to us; a land filled with milk and honey.
Numbers 14:9 Do not go against God, and do not be afraid of the people in the land; they are like food for us. Their protection is gone, and God is with us. Do not fear them.
Numbers 14:10 The whole group wanted to throw stones at them. Then God's presence showed up at the meeting tent in front of all the Israelites.
Numbers 14:11 God said to Moses, "How long will these people keep annoying me? And how long will it take before they trust me, despite all the miracles I’ve done for them?"
Numbers 14:12 I will strike them with disease, disown them, and make you into a greater and stronger nation than they are.
Numbers 14:13 And Moses said to God, "Then the Egyptians will hear about it, because you brought these people out with your power from among them."
Numbers 14:14 They will tell the people of this land that you, God, are with this group, you are seen directly, and your cloud is over them. You lead them with a cloud column in the day and a fire column at night.
Numbers 14:15 If you kill all these people at once, then the nations who have heard about you will say,
Numbers 14:16 God could not take these people into the land he promised them, so he killed them in the desert.
Numbers 14:17 Now, I ask you, let God's power be great, just as you have said.
Numbers 14:18 God is patient and very merciful, forgiving wrongdoing and rebellion, but not excusing the guilty, making the children bear the sins of their parents to the third and fourth generation.
Numbers 14:19 Please forgive the wrongdoings of these people because of your great mercy, just as you have forgiven them from the time they left Egypt until now.
Numbers 14:20 God said, I have forgiven as you asked.
Numbers 14:21 As sure as I am alive, the whole world will be filled with the glory of God.
Numbers 14:22 Because all those men who saw my glory and the miracles I did in Egypt and the wilderness have tested me ten times and have not listened to my voice;
Numbers 14:23 They will not see the land that I promised to their ancestors, nor will any who angered me see it.
Numbers 14:24 But my servant Caleb, because he was different and followed me completely, I will lead him into the land he explored, and his descendants will own it.
Numbers 14:25 The Amalekites and the Canaanites live in the valley. Tomorrow, go back and head into the desert towards the Red Sea.
Numbers 14:26 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying.
Numbers 14:27 How long must I put up with these wicked people who complain against me? I have heard the complaints of the Israelites, which they keep making against me.
Numbers 14:28 Tell them, 'As surely as I am alive,' says God, 'I will do to you exactly what you said to me.'
Numbers 14:29 Your dead bodies will lie in the desert; and everyone of you counted, from age twenty and older who complained against me, will not enter the land.
Numbers 14:30 Certainly, you will not enter the land that I promised you would live in, except for Caleb son of Jephunneh and Joshua son of Nun.
Numbers 14:31 I will bring in your little ones, whom you said would be victims, and they will get to know the land you did not value.
Numbers 14:32 Your dead bodies will fall in this desert.
Numbers 14:33 Your children will walk in the desert for forty years and suffer for your unfaithfulness until your bodies are gone in the desert.
Numbers 14:34 For the same number of days you explored the land, forty days, you will suffer for your wrongs, one year for each day, totaling forty years, and you will understand my broken promise.
Numbers 14:35 I, God, have said I will definitely do it to all this wicked group that has come together against me: they will be destroyed in this desert and they will die there.
Numbers 14:36 The men Moses sent to explore the land came back and made everyone complain about him by spreading false reports about the land.
Numbers 14:37 The men who told the bad news about the land died from sickness in front of God.
Numbers 14:38 But Joshua, Nun's son, and Caleb, Jephunneh's son, who had explored the land, were still alive.
Numbers 14:39 Moses told these words to all the Israelites, and the people felt very sad.
Numbers 14:40 They got up early in the morning, went to the mountain top, and said, "Look, we're here and will go to the place God has promised, because we have sinned."
Numbers 14:41 Moses asked, "Why do you break God's command? It will not succeed."
Numbers 14:42 Do not go up, because God is not with you; so you won't be defeated by your enemies.
Numbers 14:43 The Amalekites and the Canaanites are in front of you, and you will die by the sword because you have turned away from God, so God will not be with you.
Numbers 14:44 But they dared to go up to the hilltop; still, the box of God's agreement and Moses did not leave the camp.
Numbers 14:45 The Amalekites and Canaanites who lived in that hill came down, attacked them, and beat them all the way to Hormah.

Numbers 15:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 15:2 Talk to the people of Israel and tell them, "When you arrive in the land where you will live, which I am giving to you,
Numbers 15:3 I will make a fire offering to God, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice for a promise, or a voluntary offering, or during your special feasts, to please God, from the cattle or the sheep.
Numbers 15:4 The person who presents their offering to God must bring a grain offering of one-tenth of an ephah of flour mixed with one-fourth of a hin of oil.
Numbers 15:5 Prepare one-fourth of a quart of wine as a drink offering with the burnt offering or sacrifice for each lamb.
Numbers 15:6 For a ram, you should make a grain offering of two tenths of an ephah of flour mixed with one third of a hin of oil.
Numbers 15:7 For a drink offering, give one-third of a hin of wine as a sweet smell to God.
Numbers 15:8 When you prepare a bull for a burnt offering, or as a sacrifice to keep a promise, or for peace offerings to God:
Numbers 15:9 He must bring a young bull with a grain offering of three tenths of an ephah of flour mixed with a half hin of oil.
Numbers 15:10 You should offer half a hin of wine as a drink offering to God, as a fire offering that smells sweet to Him.
Numbers 15:11 Do this for one bull, one ram, one lamb, or one young goat.
Numbers 15:12 Prepare for each person according to the number you have.
Numbers 15:13 Everyone born in the country must follow these rules when they give a fire offering that smells good to God.
Numbers 15:14 If a foreigner stays with you, or anyone else who lives with you through generations, and wants to make a fire offering that smells good to God, they should do it just like you do.
Numbers 15:15 One rule is for all of you in the congregation and for the foreigner staying with you, a lasting rule for all your generations: just like you, the foreigner will be before God.
Numbers 15:16 One rule and one way will be for you and for the foreigner staying with you.
Numbers 15:17 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 15:18 Tell the people of Israel, when you enter the land I am taking you to,
Numbers 15:19 When you eat the bread from the land, you must give a portion as an offering to God.
Numbers 15:20 You must give a piece of the first of your bread dough as a lifted offering: just as you lift the offering from the threshing floor, you must lift this one too.
Numbers 15:21 Give the first part of your dough to God as a special offering throughout your generations.
Numbers 15:22 If you have made a mistake and not followed all these commands that God gave to Moses,
Numbers 15:23 Do everything God told you through Moses, starting from when God gave Moses the instructions, for all future generations.
Numbers 15:24 If the people sin without knowing it, they must bring a young bull as a burnt offering to God, with its grain and drink offerings as usual, and a goat for a sin offering.
Numbers 15:25 The priest will ask God to forgive all of Israel's people, and they will be forgiven because they did not know what they were doing. They must bring their fire offering and sin offering to God because they did not know.
Numbers 15:26 The whole community of Israel's children and the foreigner living with them will be forgiven, because everyone made a mistake without knowing.
Numbers 15:27 If someone sins without knowing, they must offer a one-year-old female goat as a sin offering.
Numbers 15:28 The priest will ask God to forgive the person who sins without knowing, and God will forgive him.
Numbers 15:29 Everyone must follow the same rule for accidental wrongs—this applies to both the native-born Israelites and foreigners living with them.
Numbers 15:30 But the person who deliberately does something wrong, whether they are a native or a foreigner, insults God, and that person will be separated from their community.
Numbers 15:31 Because he has looked down on God's word and broken his command, that person will be completely cut off; his wrongdoings will be on him.
Numbers 15:32 While the Israelites were in the desert, they found a man collecting sticks on the Sabbath.
Numbers 15:33 The people who saw him picking up sticks took him to Moses, Aaron, and the whole community.
Numbers 15:34 They held him because it was not clear what should be done to him.
Numbers 15:35 God told Moses, "The man must be put to death: everyone must throw stones at him outside the camp."
Numbers 15:36 The whole group took him outside the camp and threw stones at him until he died, just as God had told Moses.
Numbers 15:37 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 15:38 Tell the people of Israel to make tassels on the edges of their clothes for all time, and to add a blue ribbon on each tassel.
Numbers 15:39 It will be a tassel for you to look at and remember all of God's commands and follow them, and not to follow your own desires and sights, which lead you away.
Numbers 15:40 Remember and follow all my commands, and be pure for your God.
Numbers 15:41 I am God, your God, who took you out of Egypt to be your God: I am God, your God.

Numbers 16:1 Now Korah, Izhar's son, Kohath's grandson, Levi's great-grandson, and Dathan and Abiram, Eliab's sons, and On, Peleth's son, all from Reuben's family, gathered people together.
Numbers 16:2 They stood up against Moses, together with some Israelites, 250 leaders of the community, well-known and respected men.
Numbers 16:3 They joined together against Moses and Aaron, and told them, "You are taking on too much power, while the whole community is holy, each one of them, and God is with them. So why do you raise yourselves above God's community?"
Numbers 16:4 When Moses heard this, he fell on his face.
Numbers 16:5 He said to Korah and his group, "Tomorrow God will show who belongs to him and who is holy; he will bring close to him the one he has chosen."
Numbers 16:6 Do this: Take your incense burners, Korah, and everyone with you.
Numbers 16:7 Put fire in it and add incense to it before God tomorrow; the man God chooses will be holy. You are overstepping your boundaries, descendants of Levi.
Numbers 16:8 Moses said to Korah, "Please listen, you Levites."
Numbers 16:9 Do you think it's a small thing that the God of Israel chose you from Israel's people to come close to serve in God's tent and to serve the people?
Numbers 16:10 He brought you close to him, and also all your brother Levites with you: and now do you want to be priests too?
Numbers 16:11 You and your group have come together against God. Why are you complaining about Aaron?
Numbers 16:12 Moses sent for Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, but they said, "We will not come."
Numbers 16:13 Is it a small matter that you have led us out of a land filled with milk and honey, to let us die in the desert, unless you want to be our total leader?
Numbers 16:14 You did not bring us to a land filled with milk and honey, nor give us fields and vineyards as our own. Will you blind these men? We will not go up.
Numbers 16:15 Moses was very angry and said to God, "Do not accept their offering: I have not taken a single donkey from them, nor have I harmed any of them."
Numbers 16:16 Moses said to Korah, "You and your group must come before God, along with Aaron, tomorrow."
Numbers 16:17 Each person take their fire pan, add incense to it, and present it before God, 250 fire pans; you and Aaron do the same with your fire pans.
Numbers 16:18 Each man took his censer, filled it with fire, added incense, and stood at the entrance of the meeting tent with Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 16:19 Korah brought the whole community to the entrance of the meeting tent, and God's glory was seen by everyone.
Numbers 16:20 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Numbers 16:21 Stay away from these people so I can destroy them quickly.
Numbers 16:22 They fell to the ground and said, "Oh God, the God of everyone's spirit, if one person sins, will You be angry with everyone?"
Numbers 16:23 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 16:24 Tell the people, "Move away from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram."
Numbers 16:25 Moses got up and went to Dathan and Abiram, and the leaders of Israel went with him.
Numbers 16:26 He told the people, "Please move away from these evil men's tents and don't touch their things, or you might get destroyed because of their sins."
Numbers 16:27 They moved away from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram on all sides. Dathan and Abiram came out and stood at the entrance of their tents with their wives, sons, and young children.
Numbers 16:28 Moses said, "You will see that God has sent me to do all these things; I did not do them on my own."
Numbers 16:29 If these men die like everyone else, or if they meet the fate everyone else does, then God has not sent me.
Numbers 16:30 But if God does something new, and the ground opens and swallows them with everything they have, and they fall alive into a hole, then you will know that these men have angered God.
Numbers 16:31 After he finished saying all these things, the ground split open beneath them.
Numbers 16:32 The earth opened its mouth and swallowed them, their homes, all the men related to Korah, and all their belongings.
Numbers 16:33 They and everything that belonged to them went down alive into the hole, and the earth closed over them. They died and were gone from the community.
Numbers 16:34 Everyone in Israel around them ran away when they heard the shouting, because they were afraid the ground might swallow them too.
Numbers 16:35 A fire came from God and burned up the two hundred and fifty men who were offering incense.
Numbers 16:36 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 16:37 Tell Eleazar, Aaron's son and a priest, to pick up the incense burners from the fire and throw the coals far away, because they are holy.
Numbers 16:38 Use the incense burners of these sinners who harmed themselves to make thin sheets to cover the altar. Because they presented them before God, they are now holy, and they will be a reminder to the people of Israel.
Numbers 16:39 Eleazar the priest took the bronze incense holders used by those who died in the fire, and they were shaped into wide sheets to cover the altar.
Numbers 16:40 This will remind the people of Israel that only those from Aaron's family can come close to burn incense before God, so no one will be like Korah and his followers, just as God told Moses.
Numbers 16:41 But the next day, the whole Israelite community complained against Moses and Aaron, saying, "You have killed God's people."
Numbers 16:42 When the people gathered against Moses and Aaron, they looked at the meeting tent and saw a cloud over it; God's glory showed.
Numbers 16:43 Moses and Aaron went to the meeting tent.
Numbers 16:44 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 16:45 Move away from these people, so I can quickly destroy them. And they fell on their faces.
Numbers 16:46 Moses told Aaron, "Take a censer, put fire in it from the altar, add incense, and go fast to the people to ask God to forgive them. God is angry and the sickness has started."
Numbers 16:47 Aaron did as Moses said, hurried to where the people were, and saw that the sickness had started among them. He burned incense and asked God to forgive the people.
Numbers 16:48 He stood between the dead and the living, and the plague stopped.
Numbers 16:49 The ones who died from the sickness were 14,700, not including those who died because of Korah's issue.
Numbers 16:50 Aaron went back to Moses at the entrance of the meeting tent, and the plague stopped.

Numbers 17:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 17:2 Talk to the people of Israel, and get a stick from each one based on their family leader’s house, making twelve sticks in total: write each man's name on his stick.
Numbers 17:3 Write Aaron's name on Levi's staff, because one staff represents the leader of their family.
Numbers 17:4 Put them in the meeting tent in front of the covenant, where I will meet you.
Numbers 17:5 The man's stick I pick will flower, and I will stop the complaints of the Israelites against you.
Numbers 17:6 Moses spoke to the Israelites, and each chief gave him a stick, one for each chief from their family groups, making twelve sticks total, including Aaron's stick among them.
Numbers 17:7 Moses put the rods in front of God in the tent of meeting.
Numbers 17:8 The next day, Moses entered the tent of testimony and saw that Aaron's staff for the Levi family had sprouted, produced buds, flowered, and grown almonds.
Numbers 17:9 Moses brought all the rods from God to the Israelites, and they saw and each man took his own rod.
Numbers 17:10 God told Moses, "Bring Aaron's staff back before the testimony to be saved as a sign for the rebels; and you will completely remove their complaints from me, so they do not die."
Numbers 17:11 Moses did exactly what God told him to do.
Numbers 17:12 The Israelites said to Moses, "Look, we're going to die, we're all going to die."
Numbers 17:13 Anyone who comes close to God's tent will die: are we going to keep dying?

Numbers 18:1 God said to Aaron, "You, your sons, and your family must take responsibility for any wrongs done to the holy place, and you and your sons must also take responsibility for the mistakes in your priestly duties."
Numbers 18:2 Bring your relatives from the Levi tribe, your father's tribe, with you so they can help and serve you. But you and your sons must serve in front of the tent of testimony.
Numbers 18:3 They must take care of your duties and the duties of the whole tent, but they must not touch the holy objects or the altar, so that neither they nor you will die.
Numbers 18:4 They will join you and take care of the meeting tent's duties for all its service, and no outsider will come close to you.
Numbers 18:5 You must take care of the sacred place and the altar, so that God's anger will no longer fall on the people of Israel.
Numbers 18:6 I have chosen your fellow Levites from the Israelites to be a gift to you, so they can serve at the meeting tent for God.
Numbers 18:7 So you and your sons must do the duties of priests for all that concerns the altar and what is inside the curtain. You are to serve: I have given you the job of being priests as a gift. But anyone else who comes close will be killed.
Numbers 18:8 God spoke to Aaron: Look, I have given you responsibility for my lifted offerings, all the holy gifts of the Israelites. I give them to you and your sons as your due, forever, because you are anointed.
Numbers 18:9 These are the very holy gifts set aside for you: their grain offerings, sin offerings, and guilt offerings that they give to God will be very holy for you and your sons.
Numbers 18:10 Eat it in the most holy place; every man can eat it; it is sacred for you.
Numbers 18:11 This is yours: the lifted gift and all the Israelites' waved offerings. I have given them to you, and to your sons and daughters, as a law forever. Anyone in your family who is clean may eat it.
Numbers 18:12 I have given you all the finest olive oil, the best wine, and the best wheat, which are the first things they give to God.
Numbers 18:13 Whatever first fruit is harvested from the land, which people bring to God, will belong to you; everyone who is clean in your family can eat it.
Numbers 18:14 In Israel, anything dedicated will belong to you.
Numbers 18:15 Every firstborn of any creature offered to God, human or animal, will be yours. However, you must buy back the firstborn of humans and unclean animals.
Numbers 18:16 You must buy back anyone a month old or older as you have estimated their value, for the price of five shekels in the sanctuary currency, which equals twenty gerahs.
Numbers 18:17 Do not buy back the first baby of a cow, sheep, or goat, because they are holy. You must put their blood on the altar and burn their fat. This is a fire offering that pleases God.
Numbers 18:18 The meat of those animals will be yours, just like the breast that is waved and the right thigh are yours.
Numbers 18:19 I have given you and your sons and daughters all the lifted gifts of the holy items that the people of Israel give to God as a permanent rule: it's a lasting salt agreement before God for you and your descendants.
Numbers 18:20 God spoke to Aaron, "You will not own land among them or have a share with them: I am your share and your inheritance among the Israelites."
Numbers 18:21 Look, I have given the Levites all the tithes in Israel as their inheritance for the work they do, the work at the meeting tent.
Numbers 18:22 From now on, the Israelites must not come close to the meeting tent, or they will be guilty of sin and die.
Numbers 18:23 The Levites must work in the meeting tent, and they will be responsible for their wrongs. This rule will last forever for all your descendants, and the Levites will not own any land among the people of Israel.
Numbers 18:24 But I have given the Israelites' tithes, which they give to God, to the Levites as their inheritance. So I told them they will have no property among the Israelites.
Numbers 18:25 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 18:26 Tell the Levites to say this: When you receive the tithes from the Israelites that I have given you as your inheritance, you must give a tenth of that tithe to God as a special offering.
Numbers 18:27 Your special gift will be counted for you as if it were grain from the threshing floor or the full amount of wine from the winepress.
Numbers 18:28 You must also give God a special gift from all the tithes you get from the Israelites; you will give part of that gift to Aaron the priest as God's special offering.
Numbers 18:29 From all the gifts you give, you must present all that is lifted up to God, the very best and holy part of it.
Numbers 18:30 So you will tell them, when you have taken the best part from it, then it will be considered for the Levites as extra from the grain field and extra from the wine-making place.
Numbers 18:31 You can eat it wherever you are, you and your families, because it is your pay for working at the meeting tent.
Numbers 18:32 You will not be guilty if you set aside the best part of it; do not make the Israelites' sacred things unclean, or you will die.

Numbers 19:1 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Numbers 19:2 This is the rule of the law that God has commanded: Tell the Israelites to bring you a red cow that is perfect, with no flaws, and that has never worn a yoke.
Numbers 19:3 Give her to Priest Eleazar to take her outside the camp, and someone will kill her in front of him.
Numbers 19:4 The priest Eleazar will take some of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle it seven times in front of the meeting tent.
Numbers 19:5 Someone will burn the cow while he watches; they will burn her skin, meat, blood, and poop.
Numbers 19:6 The priest will take cedar wood, hyssop, and red yarn and throw them into the heifer's burning fire.
Numbers 19:7 The priest must wash his clothes and bathe himself in water; after that, he can enter the camp, but he will be unclean until evening.
Numbers 19:8 The person who burns her must wash their clothes in water, bathe themselves in water, and will be unclean until evening.
Numbers 19:9 A clean person must collect the cow's ashes and put them outside the camp in a clean area. These ashes are for the Israelite community to use in a special cleansing water. It is used for purifying from sin.
Numbers 19:10 The person who collects the heifer's ashes must wash their clothes and will be unclean until evening. This rule will always apply to the Israelites and any foreigners living with them.
Numbers 19:11 Anyone who touches a dead person's body will be unclean for seven days.
Numbers 19:12 He must clean himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he will be clean. But if he does not clean himself on the third day, then he will not be clean on the seventh day.
Numbers 19:13 Anyone who touches a dead person and does not clean themselves, makes God's tent dirty; they will be separated from Israel. If the special water was not used on him, he is unclean; his dirtiness remains.
Numbers 19:14 This rule applies when someone dies in a tent: anyone who enters the tent and everything inside will be not clean for seven days.
Numbers 19:15 Every container without a lid tied on it is not clean.
Numbers 19:16 Anyone who touches someone killed by a sword outside, or a dead body, or a human bone, or a grave, will be unclean for seven days.
Numbers 19:17 For a person who is not clean, they must take some of the ashes from the burned cow used for sin cleaning, and mix these ashes with fresh water in a container.
Numbers 19:18 A clean person will take hyssop, dip it in water, and sprinkle it on the tent, all the objects, the people there, and anyone who touched a bone, a dead body, or a grave.
Numbers 19:19 A clean person must sprinkle water on the unclean person on the third and seventh days. On the seventh day, the unclean person must wash themselves, clean their clothes, and bathe in water. By evening, they will be clean.
Numbers 19:20 If a person is unclean and does not cleanse himself, he will be removed from the community because he has made God's sanctuary dirty; he has not had the cleansing water sprinkled on him, so he is unclean.
Numbers 19:21 This rule will always apply: the person who uses the special water must wash their clothes; and anyone who touches the special water will be unclean until evening.
Numbers 19:22 Whatever the unclean person touches becomes unclean, and the person who touches it will be unclean until evening.

Numbers 20:1 The Israelites, all of them, came to the Zin desert in the first month. They stayed in Kadesh where Miriam died and was buried.
Numbers 20:2 The people had no water and they complained to Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 20:3 The people argued with Moses and said, "If only we had died like our brothers did in front of God!"
Numbers 20:4 Why did you lead God's people into this desert for us and our animals to die here?
Numbers 20:5 Why did you bring us from Egypt to this bad place? It has no grain, figs, grapevines, pomegranates, or water to drink.
Numbers 20:6 Moses and Aaron left the gathering and went to the entrance of the meeting tent, and they fell on their faces: and God's glory showed to them.
Numbers 20:7 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 20:8 Take the staff, and together with your brother Aaron, gather the people. Then talk to the rock while they watch, and it will release water. You will bring water from the rock for them and their animals to drink.
Numbers 20:9 Moses took the staff from where it was in front of God, just as he was told.
Numbers 20:10 Moses and Aaron brought all the people to the rock, and Moses said to them, "Listen, you rebels, should we get you water from this rock?"
Numbers 20:11 Moses raised his hand and struck the rock two times with his rod, and plenty of water flowed out, so the people and their animals drank.
Numbers 20:12 God spoke to Moses and Aaron, "Because you did not trust me enough to show my holiness before the Israelites, you will not bring this group into the land I have given them."
Numbers 20:13 This is the water of Meribah where the people of Israel argued with God, and through this, God showed his holiness among them.
Numbers 20:14 Moses sent messengers from Kadesh to the king of Edom, saying, "Your brother Israel says, 'You know about all the hardships that have happened to us.'"
Numbers 20:15 Our ancestors went to Egypt, we lived there for a long time, and the Egyptians treated us and our ancestors badly.
Numbers 20:16 When we called out to God, He listened to us, sent an angel, and led us out of Egypt. Now, we are in Kadesh, a city at the edge of your territory.
Numbers 20:17 Please let us travel through your land. We won't go through your fields or vineyards, nor will we drink from your wells. We'll stay on the main road and won't turn right or left until we've crossed your borders.
Numbers 20:18 Edom said to him, "You cannot go through my land or I will attack you with the sword."
Numbers 20:19 The Israelites told him, "We will travel on the main road. If we and our animals drink your water, we will pay for it. We will just pass through on foot without doing anything else."
Numbers 20:20 He said, "You cannot pass." Then Edom came out to face him with many people and strong force.
Numbers 20:21 So Edom would not let Israel go through their land, so Israel went a different way from them.
Numbers 20:22 The Israelites, all the people, traveled from Kadesh to Mount Hor.
Numbers 20:23 God spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, near the border of Edom, saying,
Numbers 20:24 Aaron will join his ancestors when he dies, because he will not go into the land I have given to the Israelites, since you both disobeyed my command at the waters of Meribah.
Numbers 20:25 Take Aaron and his son Eleazar, and take them up to Mount Hor.
Numbers 20:26 Take off Aaron's clothes and put them on Eleazar, his son. Aaron will then join his ancestors and die there.
Numbers 20:27 Moses did what God told him; they climbed Mount Hor while everyone watched.
Numbers 20:28 Moses took off Aaron's clothes and dressed Eleazar, his son, in them. Aaron died at the top of the mountain. Then Moses and Eleazar went down from the mountain.
Numbers 20:29 When everyone saw that Aaron had died, they all mourned for him for thirty days, including all the people of Israel.

Numbers 21:1 When King Arad of Canaan who lived in the south heard that Israel was traveling by the spy's path, he attacked Israel and captured some of them.
Numbers 21:2 Israel made a promise to God, saying, "If you really help me defeat these people, then I will completely destroy their towns."
Numbers 21:3 God listened to Israel's voice, delivered the Canaanites, and they completely destroyed them and their cities; and he named the place Hormah.
Numbers 21:4 They traveled from Mount Hor towards the Red Sea to go around the land of Edom; the people were very tired because of the journey.
Numbers 21:5 The people complained against God and Moses, asking, "Why did you take us out of Egypt to die in the desert? There's no bread or water, and we hate this worthless food."
Numbers 21:6 God sent venomous snakes among the people, and they bit the people; and many of the Israelites died.
Numbers 21:7 So the people went to Moses and said, "We have done wrong because we spoke against God and you. Ask God to remove the snakes from us." And Moses prayed for the people.
Numbers 21:8 God told Moses, "Make a fiery snake and put it on a pole: anyone who is bitten can look at it and live."
Numbers 21:9 Moses made a brass snake and put it on a pole. If anyone was bitten by a snake and looked at the brass snake, they lived.
Numbers 21:10 The Israelites moved on and camped at Oboth.
Numbers 21:11 They traveled from Oboth and camped at Ijeabarim in the desert near Moab, facing the sunrise.
Numbers 21:12 From there they moved and camped in the Zared Valley.
Numbers 21:13 They moved from there and set up camp beyond the Arnon River in the desert that extends from the territory of the Amorites. The Arnon River marks the boundary between Moab and the Amorites.
Numbers 21:14 This is why it is written in the Book of God's Wars, what God did at the Red Sea and in the streams of Arnon.
Numbers 21:15 By the stream of the brooks that flow to Ar's home and run along the edge of Moab.
Numbers 21:16 From there, they traveled to Beer, the well where God told Moses to bring the people together so He could provide them with water.
Numbers 21:17 Then Israel sang this song: "Come up, O well; sing to it."
Numbers 21:18 The leaders dug the well, the noble people dug it, following the lawgiver's orders, using their staffs. Then they traveled from the desert to Mattanah.
Numbers 21:19 From Mattanah to Nahaliel, and from Nahaliel to Bamoth.
Numbers 21:20 From Bamoth in the valley, in Moab's land, to Pisgah's peak, looking at Jeshimon.
Numbers 21:21 Israel sent messages to Sihon, the Amorite king, saying,
Numbers 21:22 Let me go through your land: we won't enter the fields or vineyards; we won't drink well water; but we'll stay on the main road until we're beyond your borders.
Numbers 21:23 Sihon did not let Israel go through his land. Instead, Sihon brought all his people and went out to the desert to meet Israel. He reached Jahaz and fought against Israel.
Numbers 21:24 Israel defeated him with the sword and took over his land from Arnon to Jabbok, up to the land of the Ammonites, because the Ammonites' border was well-defended.
Numbers 21:25 Israel captured all these towns and lived in the Amorite towns, including Heshbon and its nearby settlements.
Numbers 21:26 Heshbon was King Sihon of the Amorites' city. He fought the previous Moab king and took all his territory up to the Arnon River.
Numbers 21:27 People who use wise sayings tell us, "Go to Heshbon, and let's rebuild Sihon's city."
Numbers 21:28 A fire has started in Heshbon, a flame from Sihon's city; it burned up Ar of Moab, and the rulers on Arnon's hills.
Numbers 21:29 Trouble comes to you, Moab! You are ruined, people of Chemosh: your god has let your surviving sons and daughters be taken captive by Sihon, king of the Amorites.
Numbers 21:30 We attacked them; Heshbon is destroyed up to Dibon, and we ruined them up to Nophah, which extends to Medeba.
Numbers 21:31 Israel lived in the Amorites' land.
Numbers 21:32 Moses sent spies to Jaazer, they captured its villages, and forced out the Amorites living there.
Numbers 21:33 They turned and went toward Bashan, and Og, the king of Bashan, came out to fight them with all his people at Edrei.
Numbers 21:34 God said to Moses, "Don't be afraid of him, for I have given him, his people, and his land into your control; and you will do to him what you did to Sihon, the Amorite king who lived in Heshbon."
Numbers 21:35 They struck him, his sons, and all his people until nobody was left alive; then they took over his land.

Numbers 22:1 The Israelites moved on and camped in the Moab plains near the Jordan River across from Jericho.
Numbers 22:2 Balak, Zippor's son, saw everything Israel did to the Amorites.
Numbers 22:3 Moab was very scared of the people because there were so many, and Moab was troubled because of the children of Israel.
Numbers 22:4 Moab told Midian's leaders, "This group will consume everything around us like an ox eats the field's grass." At that time, Balak, Zippor's son, was king of Moab.
Numbers 22:5 He sent messengers to Balaam, son of Beor, at Pethor by the river in his homeland, to invite him, saying, "Look, a people has come out of Egypt; they cover the land and are settling near me."
Numbers 22:6 Please come now and curse these people for me because they are too powerful. Maybe then I can defeat them and force them out of the land. I know that anyone you bless is blessed, and anyone you curse is cursed.
Numbers 22:7 The leaders of Moab and Midian left with money for fortune-telling and went to Balaam. They told him what Balak had said.
Numbers 22:8 He told them, "Stay here tonight, and I will give you an answer after I hear what God tells me." So the Moab leaders stayed with Balaam.
Numbers 22:9 God came to Balaam and asked, "Who are these men with you?"
Numbers 22:10 Balaam said to God, "Balak, Zippor's son and Moab's king, has sent for me, saying,
Numbers 22:11 Look, people have left Egypt and they are everywhere. Come and curse them for me; maybe then I can defeat them and drive them away.
Numbers 22:12 God told Balaam, "Do not go with them; do not curse the people, because they are blessed."
Numbers 22:13 Balaam got up in the morning and told Balak's leaders, "Go back to your country, because God will not let me go with you."
Numbers 22:14 The Moab leaders got up, went to Balak, and said, "Balaam won't come with us."
Numbers 22:15 Balak sent even more princes who were greater and more respected than the first ones.
Numbers 22:16 They went to Balaam and told him, "Balak, Zippor's son, says, 'Please don't let anything stop you from coming to me.'"
Numbers 22:17 I will give you great honor and do what you ask: please come and curse these people for me.
Numbers 22:18 Balaam replied to Balak's servants, "Even if Balak gave me a house full of silver and gold, I can't ignore God's command to do anything less or more."
Numbers 22:19 Please stay here tonight, so I can find out what more God will tell me.
Numbers 22:20 God came to Balaam at night and said, "If the men come to call you, get up and go with them; but you must only do what I tell you to do."
Numbers 22:21 Balaam got up in the morning, put a saddle on his donkey, and left with the leaders of Moab.
Numbers 22:22 God became angry because Balaam went, and God's angel stood in the road to oppose him. Balaam was riding on his donkey, and he had two servants with him.
Numbers 22:23 The donkey saw God's angel standing on the path with a sword in his hand, so the donkey left the path and went into the field. Balaam hit the donkey to make her go back on the path.
Numbers 22:24 An angel of God stood in a vineyard path with a wall on each side.
Numbers 22:25 When the donkey saw God's angel, she pushed against the wall, crushing Balaam's foot, and he hit her again.
Numbers 22:26 God's angel went on and stopped in a tight space where there was no room to move right or left.
Numbers 22:27 When the donkey saw God's angel, she lay down with Balaam on her; this made Balaam angry, and he hit the donkey with a stick.
Numbers 22:28 God let the donkey talk, and she asked Balaam, "What did I do to you, that you have hit me three times?"
Numbers 22:29 Balaam said to the donkey, "You have made fun of me. If I had a sword in my hand, I would kill you right now."
Numbers 22:30 The donkey said to Balaam, "Aren't I your donkey, the one you've ridden on since you got me until today? Have I ever acted this way to you before?" And he said, "No."
Numbers 22:31 Then God let Balaam see, and he noticed God's angel standing in the path with a sword ready in his hand, so he bowed deeply and lay face down.
Numbers 22:32 The angel of God said to him, "Why have you hit your donkey three times? Look, I came to oppose you because you are going the wrong way against my will."
Numbers 22:33 The donkey saw me and moved away from me three times. If she hadn't moved away, I would have surely killed you by now, but let her live.
Numbers 22:34 Balaam said to the angel of God, "I have done wrong because I didn't know you were standing in my way. If you're unhappy, I'll go back."
Numbers 22:35 The angel of God told Balaam, "Go with the men, but say only what I tell you to say." So Balaam went with Balak's leaders.
Numbers 22:36 When Balak found out that Balaam had arrived, he went to meet him at a city in Moab, near the edge of the Arnon River, at the farthest boundary.
Numbers 22:37 Balak said to Balaam, "Didn't I send for you urgently to call you? Why didn't you come to me? Can't I reward you with honor?"
Numbers 22:38 Balaam said to Balak, "Look, I have come to you: can I just say anything? I will speak only what God gives me to say."
Numbers 22:39 Balaam went with Balak to Kirjathhuzoth.
Numbers 22:40 Balak sacrificed oxen and sheep, and sent them to Balaam and to the leaders with him.
Numbers 22:41 The next day, Balak took Balaam to the high places of Baal so he could see all the people.

Numbers 23:1 Balaam said to Balak, "Make me seven altars here, and get ready seven oxen and seven rams for me here."
Numbers 23:2 Balak did what Balaam said; Balak and Balaam sacrificed a bull and a ram on each altar.
Numbers 23:3 Balaam said to Balak, "Stay by your burnt offering, and I'll go; maybe God will meet me. Whatever he shows me, I'll tell you." Then he went to a high place.
Numbers 23:4 God met Balaam, and Balaam said, "I have set up seven altars and on each altar I have sacrificed a bull and a ram."
Numbers 23:5 God gave Balaam a message and said, "Go back to Balak, and say this."
Numbers 23:6 He went back to him and saw him standing by his burnt offering with all the leaders of Moab.
Numbers 23:7 He began his message, saying, "King Balak of Moab brought me from Aram, from the eastern mountains, and said, 'Come and curse Jacob for me; come and speak against Israel.'"
Numbers 23:8 How can I curse someone who God has not cursed? Or how can I condemn someone who God has not condemned?
Numbers 23:9 From the high rocks I see him, and from the hills I watch him: look, the people will live apart and will not be counted with other nations.
Numbers 23:10 Who can count Jacob's dust, or know the number of a quarter of Israel's people? I want to die like good people do, and end my life the same as theirs!
Numbers 23:11 Balak said to Balaam, "What have you done to me? I brought you to curse my enemies, but look, you have completely blessed them."
Numbers 23:12 He replied, "Shouldn't I be careful to say what God has given me to speak?"
Numbers 23:13 Balak said to him, "Please come with me to another place. You can see only a part of the people from there, not all of them. Curse them for me from that place."
Numbers 23:14 He took him to Zophim's field, up on Pisgah peak, made seven altars, and sacrificed a bull and a ram on each one.
Numbers 23:15 He told Balak, "Stay here by your burnt offering while I go to meet God over there."
Numbers 23:16 God met Balaam, gave him a message, and said, "Go back to Balak and say this."
Numbers 23:17 When he arrived, he saw him standing by his burnt offering with Moab's leaders. And Balak asked, "What has God said?"
Numbers 23:18 He began his message, saying, "Stand up, Balak, and listen; pay attention to me, son of Zippor:
Numbers 23:19 God is not a man who lies, or someone's son who changes his mind. If He says something, won't He do it? If He speaks, won't He make it happen?
Numbers 23:20 Look, I have been ordered to bless: God has given a blessing, and I cannot change it.
Numbers 23:21 God has not seen any wrong in Jacob, nor has He noticed any evil in Israel; God is with him, and there is the sound of a king among them.
Numbers 23:22 God led them out of Egypt; he has the power like a strong wild ox.
Numbers 23:23 There is no magic that can harm Jacob, nor any fortune-telling against Israel. Now it will be said about Jacob and Israel, "Look at what God has done!"
Numbers 23:24 Look, the people will get up like a strong lion and raise themselves like a young lion: they will not rest until they have eaten their kill and drunk the blood of those they have defeated.
Numbers 23:25 Balak told Balaam, "Don't curse or bless them at all."
Numbers 23:26 But Balaam replied to Balak, "Didn't I tell you that I must do everything God says?"
Numbers 23:27 Balak said to Balaam, "Please come with me to another place; maybe from there you can ask God to curse them for me."
Numbers 23:28 Balak took Balaam to the top of Peor, with a view over Jeshimon.
Numbers 23:29 Balaam said to Balak, "Make seven altars for me here, and get ready seven bulls and seven rams for me here."
Numbers 23:30 Balak did what Balaam told him to do, and sacrificed a bull and a sheep on each altar.

Numbers 24:1 When Balaam saw that God wanted to bless Israel, he did not look for magic spells like before, but instead he looked towards the desert.
Numbers 24:2 Balaam looked up and saw Israel camping by their tribes; then God's spirit came on him.
Numbers 24:3 He began his message and said, Balaam, Beor's son, who can see clearly, said:
Numbers 24:4 He said, he heard God's words and saw a vision from God, fell into a trance with his eyes open.
Numbers 24:5 How beautiful are your tents, Jacob, and your shelters, Israel!
Numbers 24:6 Valleys spread out, gardens by the river, trees of aloes that God planted, and cedar trees near the water.
Numbers 24:7 He will pour water from his buckets, and his offspring will thrive in many waters, and his king will be greater than Agag, and his kingdom will be lifted high.
Numbers 24:8 God led him out of Egypt; he has strength like a wild ox: he will defeat his enemy nations, break their bones, and shoot them with his arrows.
Numbers 24:9 He crouched, he lay down like a lion, and like a mighty lion: who will provoke him? Happy is the one who blesses you, and cursed is the one who curses you.
Numbers 24:10 Balak became very angry at Balaam and clapped his hands. Then Balak said to Balaam, "I asked you to curse my enemies, but you have completely blessed them three times instead."
Numbers 24:11 So now, go back home: I planned to give you high honor, but God has kept you from it.
Numbers 24:12 Balaam said to Balak, "Didn't I tell your messengers you sent to me, saying,
Numbers 24:13 If Balak offered me a house full of money, I cannot ignore God's command and decide on my own to do good or bad; I will only say what God tells me to.
Numbers 24:14 Now I am going to my people. Come, and I will tell you what this people will do to your people in the future.
Numbers 24:15 He began his message and said: Balaam, Beor's son, the man with open eyes, speaks:
Numbers 24:16 He said, after hearing God's words and understanding the Most High's knowledge, he saw a vision of God while in a trance, yet his eyes were open.
Numbers 24:17 I will see him, but not soon. I will look at him, but he's not close. A star will come from Jacob, and a ruler will rise from Israel. He will defeat Moab's borders and destroy the descendants of Sheth.
Numbers 24:18 Edom will belong to someone, and Seir will also belong to their enemies; Israel will act bravely.
Numbers 24:19 A ruler will come from Jacob's descendants; he will destroy the survivors of the city.
Numbers 24:20 When he saw Amalek, he told his story and said, Amalek was the first among nations, but in the end, he will be destroyed forever.
Numbers 24:21 He saw the Kenites, and began to tell a story, saying, "Your home is strong, and you place your nest in a rock."
Numbers 24:22 The Kenite people will be destroyed, until Assyria takes you away as prisoners.
Numbers 24:23 He began his story and said, "Oh no, who can survive when God does this!"
Numbers 24:24 Ships will come from the shores of Chittim and they will attack Asshur and Eber, and he too will be destroyed forever.
Numbers 24:25 Balaam got up, went back to his home, and Balak went on his way too.

Numbers 25:1 Israel stayed in Shittim, and the people started to have sex with the women of Moab.
Numbers 25:2 They invited the people to the offerings for their gods, and the people ate and worshiped their gods.
Numbers 25:3 Israel worshiped Baal of Peor, and God became angry with Israel.
Numbers 25:4 God told Moses, "Take the leaders of the people and display them in front of God against the sun, so that God's intense anger can be calmed down from Israel."
Numbers 25:5 Moses told the judges of Israel, "Each of you kill the men who followed Baal of Peor."
Numbers 25:6 Look, an Israelite man brought a Midianite woman to his brothers right in front of Moses and all the Israelites while they were crying at the entrance of the meeting tent.
Numbers 25:7 When Phinehas, who was Eleazar's son and Aaron the priest's grandson, saw this, he stood up from among the people and grabbed a spear.
Numbers 25:8 He followed the Israelite man into the tent and stabbed both of them, the man and the woman, in her belly. This stopped the plague among the Israelites.
Numbers 25:9 Twenty-four thousand people died in the plague.
Numbers 25:10 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 25:11 Phinehas, Eleazar's son and Aaron the priest's grandson, stopped my anger against the Israelites by being passionately loyal to me among them, so I didn't destroy the Israelites in my jealousy.
Numbers 25:12 So say, 'Look, I give him my promise of peace:'
Numbers 25:13 He will have it, and his descendants too—the promise of a lasting priesthood; because he was eager for his God, and covered the sins of the Israelites.
Numbers 25:14 The Israelite man who was killed with the Midianite woman was named Zimri, son of Salu, a leader from a top family among the Simeonites.
Numbers 25:15 The Midianite woman who was killed was named Cozbi, Zur's daughter. Zur was a leader of a tribe and a ruling family in Midian.
Numbers 25:16 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 25:17 Trouble the Midianites and strike them down.
Numbers 25:18 They trouble you with their tricks, which they used to deceive you about Peor, and about Cozbi, the Midianite prince's daughter and their sister, who was killed when the plague came because of Peor.

Numbers 26:1 After the plague, God spoke to Moses and Eleazar, Aaron's son the priest, saying,
Numbers 26:2 Count all the Israelites who are 20 years old and above, from each family, who can fight in battles.
Numbers 26:3 Moses and the priest Eleazar talked to them on the plains of Moab by the Jordan River near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 26:4 Count the people who are 20 years old and older; do as God told Moses and the Israelites when they left Egypt.
Numbers 26:5 Reuben, Israel's oldest son: Reuben's children; Hanoch, who started the Hanoch family; Pallu started the Pallu family.
Numbers 26:6 From Hezron comes the Hezronite family; from Carmi comes the Carmite family.
Numbers 26:7 These are the Reubenite families, and there were 43,730 of them counted.
Numbers 26:8 Pallu's sons were Eliab.
Numbers 26:9 Eliab's sons were Nemuel, Dathan, and Abiram. Dathan and Abiram were well-known among the people, who fought against Moses and Aaron with Korah's group when they opposed God.
Numbers 26:10 The ground split open and swallowed them with Korah when they died, as fire consumed 250 men; and they became a warning.
Numbers 26:11 However, Korah's children did not die.
Numbers 26:12 Simeon's sons by their families: Nemuel's family, the Nemuelites; Jamin's family, the Jaminites; Jachin's family, the Jachinites.
Numbers 26:13 From Zerah comes the Zarhite family; from Shaul comes the Shaulite family.
Numbers 26:14 These are the Simeonite families, with a total of 22,200 people.
Numbers 26:15 The Gad family groups included: the Zephon group called Zephonites, the Haggi group called Haggites, and the Shuni group called Shunites.
Numbers 26:16 From Ozni's family, the Oznites; from Eri's family, the Erites.
Numbers 26:17 From Arod comes the Arodite family; from Areli, the Areli family.
Numbers 26:18 These are the groups of Gad's descendants, counted at forty-five thousand.
Numbers 26:19 Judah's sons were Er and Onan, and they died in Canaan.
Numbers 26:20 The families of Judah's sons were: from Shelah, the Shelah family; from Perez, the Perez family; and from Zerah, the Zerah family.
Numbers 26:21 Pharez had sons: from Hezron came the Hezronite family; from Hamul came the Hamulite family.
Numbers 26:22 These are the families of Judah, and the count for them is 76,500.
Numbers 26:23 From the family of Issachar: Tola's descendants were the Tola family; Pua's descendants were the Pua family.
Numbers 26:24 From Jashub comes the Jashubite family; from Shimron comes the Shimronite family.
Numbers 26:25 These are the families of Issachar with their total of 64,300 people counted.
Numbers 26:26 The families of Zebulun's sons are: Sered's family the Sardites, Elon's family the Elonites, and Jahleel's family the Jahleelites.
Numbers 26:27 These are the Zebulun family groups and there are 60,500 people in them.
Numbers 26:28 Joseph's sons and their families were Manasseh and Ephraim.
Numbers 26:29 From the descendants of Manasseh: from Machir's family came the Machirites, and Machir was the father of Gilead, from whom the Gileadites are descended.
Numbers 26:30 These are Gilead's sons: From Jeezer comes the Jeezerite family; from Helek comes the Helekite family.
Numbers 26:31 From the Asriel clan comes the Asrielites; from the Shechem clan comes the Shechemites.
Numbers 26:32 From Shemida came the Shemidaites, and from Hepher came the Hepherites.
Numbers 26:33 Zelophehad, Hepher's son, had no sons, only daughters: their names were Mahlah, Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Numbers 26:34 These are the groups of Manasseh, and the number in them is 52,700.
Numbers 26:35 Ephraim's sons and their families are: from Shuthelah, the Shuthelah family; from Becher, the Becher family; from Tahan, the Tahan family.
Numbers 26:36 Shuthelah had sons, and one was Eran, which started the family of the Eranites.
Numbers 26:37 These are the family groups of Ephraim's sons, numbering thirty-two thousand five hundred. These are Joseph's sons, grouped by families.
Numbers 26:38 Benjamin's sons by their families: Bela's family, the Belaites; Ashbel's family, the Ashbelites; Ahiram's family, the Ahiramites.
Numbers 26:39 From Shupham comes the Shupham family; from Hupham comes the Hupham family.
Numbers 26:40 Bela's sons were Ard and Naaman: from Ard came the Ardite family, and from Naaman came the Naamite family.
Numbers 26:41 These are Benjamin's sons by their families: the counted number was 45,600.
Numbers 26:42 These are the children of Dan by their families: from Shuham comes the Shuhamite family. These are the Dan families by their families.
Numbers 26:43 All the Shuhamite families, when counted, totaled 64,400.
Numbers 26:44 From Asher's descendants by their families: From Jimna, the Jimna family; from Jesui, the Jesui family; from Beriah, the Beriah family.
Numbers 26:45 From Beriah's sons: Heber's descendants are the Heberites; Malchiel's descendants are the Malchielites.
Numbers 26:46 Asher's daughter was named Sarah.
Numbers 26:47 These are the families of Asher's sons by their numbers; there were 53,400 of them.
Numbers 26:48 From Naphtali's sons by their families: Jahzeel's descendants, the Jahzeelites; Guni's descendants, the Gunites.
Numbers 26:49 From Jezer comes the Jezerite family; from Shillem comes the Shillemite family.
Numbers 26:50 Here are the family groups of Naphtali according to their own families: and the number of people in them was 45,400.
Numbers 26:51 The children of Israel were counted as 603,730.
Numbers 26:52 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 26:53 To these people, the land will be given as an inheritance, based on the number of names.
Numbers 26:54 Give more land to those who have more people, and less land to those with fewer people; each group will get land based on its size.
Numbers 26:55 Despite this, the land will be split up by drawing lots; each tribe will receive land based on their ancestors' names.
Numbers 26:56 The land will be divided by drawing lots, giving pieces to both the large and small groups.
Numbers 26:57 These are the Levites counted by their families: from Gershon, the Gershonite family; from Kohath, the Kohathite family; from Merari, the Merarite family.
Numbers 26:58 These are the Levite families: the Libnites, the Hebronites, the Mahlites, the Mushites, and the Korathites. Kohath was the father of Amram.
Numbers 26:59 Amram's wife was named Jochebed, Levi's daughter, born to Levi in Egypt; and she gave birth to Aaron and Moses, and their sister Miriam for Amram.
Numbers 26:60 Aaron had four sons named Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Numbers 26:61 Nadab and Abihu died for offering unauthorized fire before God.
Numbers 26:62 There were 23,000 males one month old and older counted. They were not counted among the Israelites because they did not receive any land from the Israelites.
Numbers 26:63 Moses and Priest Eleazar counted these people. They counted the Israelites on the Moab plains by the Jordan River near Jericho.
Numbers 26:64 But none of the men counted by Moses and Aaron, the priest, when they counted the Israelites in the Sinai desert, were among these.
Numbers 26:65 God had said they would definitely die in the wilderness. No man was left except Caleb, Jephunneh's son, and Joshua, Nun's son.

Numbers 27:1 Zelophehad's daughters came to Moses. Zelophehad was Hepher’s son, Gilead's son, Machir's son, and Manasseh's son from Joseph's family. His daughters were named Mahlah, Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Numbers 27:2 They stood before Moses, Eleazar the priest, the leaders, and the whole community at the entrance of the meeting tent, saying,
Numbers 27:3 Our father died alone in the desert, not with those who turned against God with Korah; he died because of his own sin and had no sons.
Numbers 27:4 Why should our father's name disappear from his family because he has no son? Give us property among our father's brothers.
Numbers 27:5 Moses took their case to God.
Numbers 27:6 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 27:7 Zelophehad's daughters are correct: you must give them property to inherit among their father's brothers, and you must give them their father's inheritance.
Numbers 27:8 Tell the people of Israel, if a man dies and has no son, then you must give his property to his daughter.
Numbers 27:9 If he has no daughter, then you must give his inheritance to his brothers.
Numbers 27:10 If he has no brothers, then you should give his inheritance to his uncles.
Numbers 27:11 If his father has no brothers, give his property to the closest relative in his family, and they will own it. This will be a permanent law for the people of Israel, as God told Moses.
Numbers 27:12 God told Moses, "Go up this mountain Abarim and look at the land I have given to the people of Israel."
Numbers 27:13 When you have seen it, you too will die as your brother Aaron did.
Numbers 27:14 You disobeyed my order in the Zin desert, during the people's argument, to show my holiness at the water in front of them: that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the Zin desert.
Numbers 27:15 Moses spoke to God, saying,
Numbers 27:16 Let God, the God of everyone's spirit, choose someone to lead the group.
Numbers 27:17 Who can lead them and bring them back, so God's people won't be like sheep without a shepherd.
Numbers 27:18 God told Moses, "Take Joshua, son of Nun, a man with the spirit, and put your hand on him."
Numbers 27:19 Place him in front of Priest Eleazar and all the people; and give him instructions while they watch.
Numbers 27:20 Give him some of your honor so that all the Israelite community will follow his lead.
Numbers 27:21 He will stand in front of priest Eleazar, who will seek advice for him by consulting the Urim before God. They will follow his commands to leave and to return, he and all the Israelites with him, as well as the whole community.
Numbers 27:22 Moses did what God told him: he took Joshua, put him in front of priest Eleazar, and in front of everyone gathered.
Numbers 27:23 He put his hands on him and gave him instructions, just as God had ordered through Moses.

Numbers 28:1 God spoke to Moses and said,
Numbers 28:2 Tell the people of Israel to give me my offerings and the bread for my burnt sacrifices, that please me, at the proper time.
Numbers 28:3 Tell them, "This is the fire sacrifice you must give to God: two perfect lambs, one year old, each day, for a regular burnt offering."
Numbers 28:4 Offer one lamb in the morning and the other lamb in the evening.
Numbers 28:5 Use one-tenth of an ephah of flour and mix it with one-fourth of a hin of olive oil for a grain offering.
Numbers 28:6 This is a regular burnt offering set up at Mount Sinai to please God, a sacrifice burned for God.
Numbers 28:7 Offer one-fourth of a hin of wine for each lamb as a drink offering in the sacred place for God.
Numbers 28:8 Offer the second lamb in the evening with the same grain and drink offerings as in the morning; it will be a burnt offering with a pleasing aroma to God.
Numbers 28:9 On the Sabbath, offer two lambs that are one year old and have no defects, along with two measures of flour mixed with oil for a grain offering, and the accompanying liquid offering.
Numbers 28:10 This is the special burnt offering for every Sabbath along with the regular burnt offering and its accompanying drink offering.
Numbers 28:11 At the start of each month, you must give a burnt offering to God: two young bulls, one ram, and seven lambs that are one year old and have no defects.
Numbers 28:12 Use three cups of flour mixed with oil for the grain offering for one bull and two cups of flour mixed with oil for the grain offering for one ram.
Numbers 28:13 For one sheep, mix a special amount of flour with oil to offer as food; it is a burnt offering, a pleasant smelling sacrifice to God.
Numbers 28:14 Their drink gifts should be half a hin of wine for a bull, a third of a hin for a ram, and a quarter of a hin for a lamb. This is the monthly burnt offering for each month of the year.
Numbers 28:15 Offer a goat as a sin offering to God, in addition to the regular burnt offering and its drink offering.
Numbers 28:16 On the fourteenth day of the first month is God's Passover.
Numbers 28:17 On the fifteenth day of this month there is a festival; for seven days you must eat bread without yeast.
Numbers 28:18 On the first day, there will be a special gathering; you must not do any regular work on that day.
Numbers 28:19 You must offer a fire sacrifice to God; two young bulls, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 28:20 Offer their grain offering with oil mixed in: give three-tenths of an ephah for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 28:21 Give one-tenth of a measure of grain for each of the seven lambs.
Numbers 28:22 And one goat as a sin sacrifice to make amends for you.
Numbers 28:23 You should give these along with the morning burnt offering that is given every day.
Numbers 28:24 Offer like this every day for seven days: food for a fire sacrifice that smells good to God. Give it along with the regular burnt offering and its drink offering.
Numbers 28:25 On the seventh day, you should gather together for a holy meeting; you should not do any regular work.
Numbers 28:26 On the day of the firstfruits, when you present a fresh grain offering to God after your weeks are done, you shall hold a special gathering; you shall not do any regular work.
Numbers 28:27 Give God a burnt offering that smells good: two young bulls, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs.
Numbers 28:28 They offer flour mixed with oil as their food gift, three-tenths of an ephah for a bull, two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 28:29 One portion of grain for each lamb, for all seven lambs.
Numbers 28:30 One young goat to make peace with God for you.
Numbers 28:31 You should give these besides the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and they must be without any defects, along with their drink offerings.

Numbers 29:1 In the seventh month, on the first day, you will gather for a sacred meeting; you won't do any regular work: it's a day for you to blow trumpets.
Numbers 29:2 You must offer a burnt sacrifice that smells good to God; one young bull, one ram, and seven perfect lambs that are one year old.
Numbers 29:3 Their grain offering will be flour mixed with oil, three-tenths of an ephah for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 29:4 Give one-tenth of flour for each of the seven lambs.
Numbers 29:5 One young goat as a sin offering to ask for God's forgiveness for you.
Numbers 29:6 In addition to the monthly burnt offering with its grain offering, the daily burnt offering with its grain offering, and their drink offerings, follow the usual rules to make a pleasing fire sacrifice to God.
Numbers 29:7 On the tenth day of the seventh month, you must come together for a special meeting; you must humble yourselves and not do any work on that day.
Numbers 29:8 You must present a burnt offering to God as a pleasing aroma; one young bull, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs with no defects.
Numbers 29:9 Their grain offering should be flour mixed with oil: three-tenths for a bull and two-tenths for a ram.
Numbers 29:10 For each lamb, give one-tenth of a bushel of grain, for all seven lambs.
Numbers 29:11 One young goat for a sin offering, along with the atonement sin offering, the regular burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:12 On the fifteenth day of the seventh month, you must gather for a holy meeting; you must not do any regular work, and you must celebrate a festival for God for seven days.
Numbers 29:13 You will present a burnt offering to God, a fire-made sacrifice with a pleasing aroma: thirteen young bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs, all without any defects.
Numbers 29:14 Their grain offering should be flour mixed with oil, 3 parts for each of the 13 bulls and 2 parts for each of the 2 rams.
Numbers 29:15 Give a tenth of an ephah of flour for each of the fourteen lambs.
Numbers 29:16 One goat for a sin offering, along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:17 On the second day, give twelve young bulls, two rams, and fourteen perfect one-year-old lambs.
Numbers 29:18 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs must match their number, in the usual way.
Numbers 29:19 One young goat for a sin offering; in addition to the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:20 On the third day, they offered eleven bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:21 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, should be in line with their number, as is the custom.
Numbers 29:22 Offer one goat as a sin sacrifice in addition to the regular burnt offering with its grain and drink offerings.
Numbers 29:23 On the fourth day, ten bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:24 Offer food and drink for the bulls, rams, and lambs in amounts that match their number, as is the custom.
Numbers 29:25 Offer one young goat for a sin sacrifice, in addition to the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:26 On the fifth day, offer nine bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:27 Their grain and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs must match their number, as required.
Numbers 29:28 Offer one goat for a sin offering, along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:29 On the sixth day, eight bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:30 Offer their grain and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs according to the number required, following the usual way.
Numbers 29:31 And one goat for a sin offering, in addition to the regular burnt offering, with its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:32 On the seventh day, seven bulls, two rams, and fourteen one-year-old lambs with no flaws.
Numbers 29:33 The food offerings and drink offerings for the bulls, rams, and lambs must match the number of animals, as required.
Numbers 29:34 And one goat for a sin offering; along with the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:35 On the eighth day, have a special meeting and do not do any regular work.
Numbers 29:36 You must give God a burnt offering, a sacrifice burned with fire that smells good: one bull, one ram, and seven one-year-old lambs without any defects.
Numbers 29:37 Their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bull, for the ram, and for the lambs must match the number of animals, as required.
Numbers 29:38 And one goat for a sin offering, plus the regular burnt offering, its grain offering, and its drink offering.
Numbers 29:39 During your special feasts, do these things for God, in addition to your promises and voluntary gifts, and also for your burnt, food, drink, and peace offerings.
Numbers 29:40 Moses told the Israelites everything that God had commanded him.

Numbers 30:1 Moses told the leaders of the tribes about the children of Israel, saying, "This is what God has commanded."
Numbers 30:2 If a person makes a promise to God, or takes an oath to commit themselves firmly, they must not go back on their word. They must do everything they said they would.
Numbers 30:3 If a young woman makes a promise to God while she is living at her father's home, and commits herself by that promise;
Numbers 30:4 If her father hears her promise or the obligation she has made for herself, and he says nothing, then all her promises and obligations will remain valid.
Numbers 30:5 But if her father forbids her when he hears about it, none of her promises or commitments will count. God will forgive her because her father forbade her.
Numbers 30:6 If she had a husband when she made a vow or said anything to bind herself by a promise;
Numbers 30:7 If her husband hears her vow and says nothing to her about it, then her vows and the pledge by which she obligated herself will stand.
Numbers 30:8 If her husband says no on the day he learns about it, her promise and the words she spoke that committed her will not stand. God will forgive her.
Numbers 30:9 Every promise a widow or a divorced woman makes, binding herself, must be kept by her.
Numbers 30:10 If she made a promise in her husband's home, or committed herself with a sworn agreement;
Numbers 30:11 When her husband heard it and said nothing to her and did not forbid her, then all her promises will count, and every agreement by which she committed herself will count.
Numbers 30:12 But if her husband canceled them on the day he learned about them; then whatever promises she made, or any pledge, will not be valid: her husband has canceled them; and God will forgive her.
Numbers 30:13 Every promise and every serious oath to deny oneself, her husband can confirm it, or her husband can cancel it.
Numbers 30:14 If her husband says nothing to her from day to day, he agrees to all her promises or commitments. He makes them stand because he said nothing when he first heard them.
Numbers 30:15 If he cancels her promises after hearing them, he must take responsibility for her wrong.
Numbers 30:16 These are the rules that God told Moses, for a man and his wife, and for a father and his young daughter living in her father's house.

Numbers 31:1 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 31:2 Get justice for the Israelites against the Midianites; then you will join your ancestors.
Numbers 31:3 Moses said to the people, "Get some of you ready for battle, and attack the Midianites to take revenge for God."
Numbers 31:4 From every tribe of Israel, send a thousand people to fight in the war.
Numbers 31:5 From the thousands of Israel, a thousand from each tribe, twelve thousand ready for battle, were given.
Numbers 31:6 Moses sent a thousand men from each tribe to fight, including Phinehas, son of Eleazar the priest, with the holy items and trumpets to sound.
Numbers 31:7 They fought against the Midianites, as God told Moses; and they killed all the men.
Numbers 31:8 They killed the Midianite kings along with the others who were killed; the kings were Evi, Rekem, Zur, Hur, and Reba. They also killed Balaam, Beor's son, with the sword.
Numbers 31:9 The people of Israel captured all the women and children of Midian, and took all their cows, sheep, and possessions.
Numbers 31:10 They burned all the cities they lived in, and all their beautiful strongholds, with fire.
Numbers 31:11 They took everything they captured, including people and animals.
Numbers 31:12 They brought the prisoners, the captured goods, and the stolen items to Moses, to Eleazar the priest, and to the Israelites' assembly at the camp on the Moab plains by the Jordan River, close to Jericho.
Numbers 31:13 Moses, Eleazar the priest, and all the leaders of the people went out of the camp to meet them.
Numbers 31:14 Moses was angry with the army officers, the leaders of thousands and the leaders of hundreds, who returned from the battle.
Numbers 31:15 Moses asked them, "Did you keep all the women alive?"
Numbers 31:16 Look, these people led the Israelites, following Balaam's advice, to sin against God at Peor, and a disease spread among God's people.
Numbers 31:17 Now, kill all the boys and every woman who has slept with a man.
Numbers 31:18 Keep alive all the young girls who have never slept with a man for yourselves.
Numbers 31:19 Stay outside the camp for seven days if you've killed someone or touched a dead body. Clean yourselves and your prisoners on the third and seventh days.
Numbers 31:20 Clean all your clothes, everything made of skin, all goat hair items, and all wooden things.
Numbers 31:21 Priest Eleazar told the soldiers who fought in the battle, "This is the rule of the law that God gave to Moses."
Numbers 31:22 Keep only the gold, silver, bronze, iron, tin, and lead.
Numbers 31:23 Everything that can withstand fire must be passed through it to become clean; however, it must also be purified with special water. But everything that cannot withstand fire must be passed through water.
Numbers 31:24 On the seventh day, wash your clothes, and then you will be clean. After that, you can return to the camp.
Numbers 31:25 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 31:26 Count all the captured people and animals, you, Eleazar the priest, and the leading elders of the community.
Numbers 31:27 Split the loot into two parts: one for those who fought in the battle, and the other for the whole community.
Numbers 31:28 Collect a tax for God from the soldiers who fought in battle: one out of every five hundred people, cattle, donkeys, and sheep.
Numbers 31:29 Take some from their share and give it to priest Eleazar as a gift for God.
Numbers 31:30 From the Israelites' half, take one out of every fifty people and animals, including cattle, donkeys, and sheep, and give them to the Levites who are responsible for maintaining God's tent.
Numbers 31:31 Moses and Eleazar the priest did as God commanded Moses.
Numbers 31:32 The spoils, which were the remaining things captured by the soldiers, were six hundred and seventy-five thousand sheep.
Numbers 31:33 Seventy-two thousand cows,
Numbers 31:34 Sixty-one thousand donkeys.
Numbers 31:35 In total, thirty-two thousand women who had never slept with a man.
Numbers 31:36 And the half for those who went to battle was 337,500 sheep.
Numbers 31:37 God's share of the sheep was six hundred seventy-five.
Numbers 31:38 There were 36,000 cattle; God's share was 72.
Numbers 31:39 There were thirty thousand and five hundred donkeys, and God's share was sixty-one.
Numbers 31:40 There were 16,000 people; God's share was 32 people.
Numbers 31:41 Moses gave the special gift for God to Priest Eleazar, as God told Moses to do.
Numbers 31:42 From the half belonging to the Israelites, which Moses separated from the soldiers,
Numbers 31:43 The part that belonged to the people was 337,500 sheep.
Numbers 31:44 Thirty-six thousand cattle,
Numbers 31:45 Thirty thousand and five hundred donkeys.
Numbers 31:46 And sixteen thousand people.
Numbers 31:47 From the Israelites' half, Moses took one out of every fifty people and animals and gave them to the Levites, who looked after God's tent, as God told Moses.
Numbers 31:48 The leaders in charge of a thousand soldiers, and the captains of hundreds, approached Moses.
Numbers 31:49 They told Moses, "Your servants have counted all the soldiers we are responsible for, and not one man is missing."
Numbers 31:50 We have brought a gift for God, including gold jewelry like chains, bracelets, rings, earrings, and pendants, to ask forgiveness for our souls before God.
Numbers 31:51 Moses and Priest Eleazar took the gold from them, including all the crafted jewels.
Numbers 31:52 All the gold given to God by the leaders of the thousands and hundreds was 16,750 shekels.
Numbers 31:53 The soldiers had taken loot, each man for himself.
Numbers 31:54 Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold from the leaders of thousands and hundreds and brought it to the meeting tent as a reminder for the Israelites before God.

Numbers 32:1 The Reubenites and Gadites had many animals. When they saw the land of Jazer and Gilead, they noticed it was good for animals.
Numbers 32:2 The descendants of Gad and Reuben came and spoke to Moses, Eleazar the priest, and the leaders of the people, saying,
Numbers 32:3 Ataroth, Dibon, Jazer, Nimrah, Heshbon, Elealeh, Shebam, Nebo, and Beon.
Numbers 32:4 Even the land that God struck down before Israel's people is good for livestock, and your servants have livestock.
Numbers 32:5 So they said, if we have gained your favor, let this land be given to your servants as property, and do not take us across the Jordan.
Numbers 32:6 Moses said to Gad's and Reuben's descendants, "Will your brothers go to fight while you stay here?"
Numbers 32:7 Why are you making the Israelites not want to go to the land that God has given them?
Numbers 32:8 Your ancestors did this when I sent them from Kadesh Barnea to explore the land.
Numbers 32:9 When they came to the Eshcol Valley and saw the land, they made the Israelites' hearts lose courage so they would not enter the land God had given them.
Numbers 32:10 God became very angry then, and he promised, saying,
Numbers 32:11 No one who came from Egypt, age twenty or older, will see the land I promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, because they did not fully follow me.
Numbers 32:12 Protect Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua son of Nun, because they have completely followed God.
Numbers 32:13 God became angry with Israel and made them wander in the desert for forty years, until all the people who had done wrong in God's eyes had died.
Numbers 32:14 Look, you have taken your fathers' place as a group of sinful people, making God even angrier with Israel.
Numbers 32:15 If you turn away from God, he will leave you in the desert, and you will ruin everyone.
Numbers 32:16 They came to him and said, "We will make places for our sheep and towns for our children here."
Numbers 32:17 We will go armed ahead of the Israelites until they reach their land. Our families will live in protected cities because of the land's people.
Numbers 32:18 We won't go back to our homes until each Israelite has received their share of the land.
Numbers 32:19 We will not own land with them across the Jordan, nor beyond it, because our inheritance has been given to us on this side of the Jordan to the east.
Numbers 32:20 And Moses said to them, "If you do this, if you go ready for battle before God,
Numbers 32:21 All of you, ready for battle, will cross the Jordan River before God until he has forced his enemies out of his way.
Numbers 32:22 When the land is conquered for God, then you can go back home. You will be innocent before God and before Israel, and this land will be yours under God's watch.
Numbers 32:23 If you don't do this, you have sinned against God, and your sin will become known.
Numbers 32:24 Make towns for your children and pens for your sheep; and do what you said you would.
Numbers 32:25 The children of Gad and Reuben said to Moses, "Your servants will do what you command."
Numbers 32:26 Our children, our wives, our herds, and all our animals will stay in the cities of Gilead.
Numbers 32:27 Your servants will cross over, each man ready for war, before God to fight, as my lord says.
Numbers 32:28 Moses told Priest Eleazar, Joshua, Nun's son, and the main leaders of Israel's tribes about them.
Numbers 32:29 Moses told them, "If the Gadites and the Reubenites cross the Jordan River with you, ready to fight in front of God, and the land is conquered, then you should give them the land of Gilead to own."
Numbers 32:30 If they won't cross over fully armed to help you, they must settle among you in Canaan.
Numbers 32:31 The children of Gad and the children of Reuben replied, "We will do as God has told your servants."
Numbers 32:32 We will go across armed in front of God to the land of Canaan, so the land we inherit on this side of the Jordan River will belong to us.
Numbers 32:33 Moses gave the Gadites, the Reubenites, and half of the Manasseh tribe the lands and cities, including the territories of the kingdoms of Sihon and Og.
Numbers 32:34 The Gad people built Dibon, Ataroth, and Aroer.
Numbers 32:35 And Atroth, Shophan, Jaazer, and Jogbehah,
Numbers 32:36 Bethnimrah and Bethharan were protected cities with sheep pens.
Numbers 32:37 Reuben's descendants built Heshbon, Elealeh, and Kirjathaim.
Numbers 32:38 They renamed Nebo, Baalmeon, and Shibmah, and gave new names to the cities they built.
Numbers 32:39 Machir's descendants, who were Manasseh's children, went to Gilead, captured it, and forced out the Amorites living there.
Numbers 32:40 Moses gave Gilead to Machir, Manasseh's son, and he lived there.
Numbers 32:41 Jair, who was from Manasseh's family, captured the small towns and named them Havothjair.
Numbers 32:42 Nobah went and captured Kenath and its surrounding villages, and renamed it Nobah, like his own name.

Numbers 33:1 These are the travels of the Israelites who left Egypt with their soldiers led by Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 33:2 Moses recorded where they traveled from as God instructed; these are their travels based on where they left.
Numbers 33:3 They left Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day; the day after Passover, the Israelites left boldly while all the Egyptians watched.
Numbers 33:4 The Egyptians buried all their firstborn whom God had struck down. God also punished their gods.
Numbers 33:5 The Israelites left Rameses and camped in Succoth.
Numbers 33:6 They left Succoth and set up camp in Etham, at the border of the wilderness.
Numbers 33:7 They left Etham, turned back to Pihahiroth near Baalzephon, and camped in front of Migdol.
Numbers 33:8 They left Pihahiroth, went through the sea to the desert, traveled for three days in the Etham desert, and camped at Marah.
Numbers 33:9 They left Marah and arrived at Elim, where there were twelve water springs and seventy palm trees; they set up camp there.
Numbers 33:10 They left Elim and camped by the Red Sea.
Numbers 33:11 They left the Red Sea and camped in the Sin Desert.
Numbers 33:12 They traveled from the wilderness of Sin and camped at Dophkah.
Numbers 33:13 They left Dophkah and camped at Alush.
Numbers 33:14 They moved from Alush and camped at Rephidim where there was no water for the people to drink.
Numbers 33:15 They left Rephidim and camped in the Sinai desert.
Numbers 33:16 They left the Sinai Desert and camped at Kibroth Hattaavah.
Numbers 33:17 They left Kibrothhattaavah and camped at Hazeroth.
Numbers 33:18 They left Hazeroth and set up camp in Rithmah.
Numbers 33:19 They left Rithmah and set up camp at Rimmonparez.
Numbers 33:20 They left Rimmonparez and camped at Libnah.
Numbers 33:21 They moved from Libnah and camped at Rissah.
Numbers 33:22 They traveled from Rissah and camped in Kehelathah.
Numbers 33:23 They left Kehelathah and camped at Mount Shapher.
Numbers 33:24 They moved from Mount Shapher and camped in Haradah.
Numbers 33:25 They moved from Haradah and set up camp in Makheloth.
Numbers 33:26 They moved from Makheloth and camped at Tahath.
Numbers 33:27 They left Tahath and set up camp at Tarah.
Numbers 33:28 They moved from Tarah and set up camp in Mithcah.
Numbers 33:29 They left Mithcah and set up camp in Hashmonah.
Numbers 33:30 They left Hashmonah and camped at Moseroth.
Numbers 33:31 They left Moseroth and camped at Benejaakan.
Numbers 33:32 They moved from Benejaakan and camped at Horhagidgad.
Numbers 33:33 They traveled from Horhagidgad and camped at Jotbathah.
Numbers 33:34 They moved from Jotbathah and set up camp at Ebronah.
Numbers 33:35 They left Ebronah and camped at Eziongaber.
Numbers 33:36 They moved from Eziongaber and camped in the Zin Desert, near Kadesh.
Numbers 33:37 They moved from Kadesh and set up camp on Mount Hor, at the border of Edom.
Numbers 33:38 Aaron the priest went up to Mount Hor because God told him to, and he died there. It was forty years after the people of Israel left Egypt, on the first day of the fifth month.
Numbers 33:39 Aaron was 123 years old when he died on Mount Hor.
Numbers 33:40 The Canaanite King Arad, who lived in the southern part of Canaan, heard that the Israelites were coming.
Numbers 33:41 They left Mount Hor and camped at Zalmonah.
Numbers 33:42 They left Zalmonah and set up camp in Punon.
Numbers 33:43 They left Punon and camped at Oboth.
Numbers 33:44 They left Oboth and camped at Ije Abarim, on the edge of Moab.
Numbers 33:45 They left Iim and set up camp in Dibongad.
Numbers 33:46 They moved from Dibongad and camped at Almondiblathaim.
Numbers 33:47 They moved from Almondiblathaim and camped in the Abarim mountains, near Nebo.
Numbers 33:48 They left the Abarim mountains and camped in the Moab plains by the Jordan near Jericho.
Numbers 33:49 They camped by the Jordan River, from Bethjesimoth to Abelshittim in the Moab plains.
Numbers 33:50 God spoke to Moses on the plains of Moab by the Jordan River near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 33:51 Tell the people of Israel, when you cross the Jordan River into the land of Canaan.
Numbers 33:52 Then you must force all the people of the land to leave, destroy all their images, melt down all their idols, and tear down all their worship places.
Numbers 33:53 You will take over the land and live in it because I have given it to you to own.
Numbers 33:54 You will divide the land by drawing lots to decide which family gets which part: give bigger parts to larger families and smaller parts to smaller families. Each person's land will be where their lot lands, and you will inherit land based on your ancestral tribes.
Numbers 33:55 If you do not force the people of the land to leave, the ones you allow to stay will cause you trouble, hurt your eyes, and bother you where you live.
Numbers 33:56 I will do to you what I planned to do to them.

Numbers 34:1 And God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 34:2 Tell the Israelites, when you enter the land of Canaan, this is the land that will be your inheritance, the land of Canaan and its borders.
Numbers 34:3 Your southern area will start from the Zin wilderness, going by Edom's edge, and your southern boundary will be the farthest shore of the Salt Sea to the east.
Numbers 34:4 Your boundary will go from the south up to the Akrabbim Scarp, continue to Zin, and start out from the south to Kadesh Barnea. Then it will move on to Hazar Addar and over to Azmon.
Numbers 34:5 The border will go around from Azmon to the river of Egypt, and it will end at the sea.
Numbers 34:6 Your western border will be the big sea: this is your western edge.
Numbers 34:7 Your northern boundary will start from the Great Sea and go to Mount Hor.
Numbers 34:8 From Mount Hor, you will mark your boundary to the entrance of Hamath; and the end of the boundary will be at Zedad.
Numbers 34:9 The border will continue to Ziphron, and it will end at Hazarenan: this will be your northern boundary.
Numbers 34:10 Mark your eastern border from Hazarenan to Shepham.
Numbers 34:11 The border will extend from Shepham to Riblah, east of Ain; it will go down and stretch to the eastern shore of the Sea of Galilee.
Numbers 34:12 The boundary will go down to the Jordan River, and end at the Salt Sea. This will be your land, including all its borders.
Numbers 34:13 Moses told the Israelites, "This is the land that you will receive as your inheritance, which God has instructed to be given to the nine and a half tribes."
Numbers 34:14 The Reuben family tribe and the Gad family tribe have gotten their land, and half of the Manasseh family tribe has gotten theirs too.
Numbers 34:15 The two and a half tribes got their land east of the Jordan River by Jericho, toward the sunrise.
Numbers 34:16 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 34:17 Here are the names of the men who will divide the land for you: Eleazar the priest and Joshua, Nun's son.
Numbers 34:18 You will choose one leader from each tribe to divide the land as an inheritance.
Numbers 34:19 The men's names are as follows: From Judah's tribe, Caleb son of Jephunneh.
Numbers 34:20 From the Simeon tribe, Shemuel, Ammihud's son.
Numbers 34:21 From the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad, Chislon's son.
Numbers 34:22 The leader from the tribe of Dan's descendants was Bukki, Jogli's son.
Numbers 34:23 The leader of Joseph's descendants from the Manasseh tribe was Hanniel, Ephod's son.
Numbers 34:24 The leader of the Ephraim tribe, Kemuel son of Shiphtan.
Numbers 34:25 The leader from the Zebulun people's group, Elizaphan, Parnach's son.
Numbers 34:26 The leader from Issachar's tribe was Paltiel, Azzan's son.
Numbers 34:27 The leader from the Asher tribe, Ahihud, Shelomi's son.
Numbers 34:28 The leader from Naphtali's tribe, the son of Ammihud, was Pedahel.
Numbers 34:29 These are the people God told to divide the land for the Israelites to inherit in Canaan.

Numbers 35:1 God spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan River near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 35:2 Tell the Israelites to give the Levites some of their own cities to live in, along with areas around these cities.
Numbers 35:3 They will live in the cities, and the areas around them will be for their cattle, belongings, and all their animals.
Numbers 35:4 The areas around the cities that you give to the Levites should extend a thousand cubits from the city wall all around.
Numbers 35:5 Measure 2,000 cubits outside the city on the east, south, west, and north; the city will be in the center, and this area will be the city's outskirts.
Numbers 35:6 Give six cities to the Levites as safe places for someone who has killed someone by accident to run to. Also give them forty-two more cities.
Numbers 35:7 You will give the Levites forty-eight cities along with the land around them.
Numbers 35:8 The cities you give must come from the lands of the Israelites: those with more must give more cities, those with less give fewer. Everyone must give the Levites cities based on their own share of the land.
Numbers 35:9 God spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 35:10 Tell the people of Israel, when you cross the Jordan River into the land of Canaan.
Numbers 35:11 Then you will choose cities to be safe places for you; so someone who accidentally kills another can run there for safety.
Numbers 35:12 These cities will be your safe places from the avenger, so the person who caused a death won't die before they face trial before the community.
Numbers 35:13 You must provide six cities as safe places from the cities you give.
Numbers 35:14 You must give three cities on this side of the Jordan River and three cities in the land of Canaan as safe places.
Numbers 35:15 These six cities will be safe places for the people of Israel, for foreigners, and for travelers among them, so anyone who accidentally kills someone can run there for safety.
Numbers 35:16 If he hits someone with an iron tool and that person dies, he is a murderer: the murderer must be put to death.
Numbers 35:17 If he hits him with a stone that could kill, and he dies, he is a murderer; the murderer must be put to death.
Numbers 35:18 If he hits someone with a wooden weapon that could kill, and the person dies, he is a murderer. The murderer must be put to death.
Numbers 35:19 The person who wants revenge must kill the killer; when he finds him, he must kill him.
Numbers 35:20 If he pushes him out of hate or attacks him on purpose, and he dies;
Numbers 35:21 If someone hits another person with hate in their heart and causes death, that attacker must be put to death, because they are a murderer. The one who avenges the killing shall kill the murderer upon meeting them.
Numbers 35:22 If he pushed him accidentally without being enemies or threw something at him without planning to hurt him,
Numbers 35:23 Or if someone accidentally throws a stone that can kill and hits another person without seeing them, causing death, but was not that person's enemy or intending to hurt them:
Numbers 35:24 Then the group will decide between the person who killed and the one seeking revenge based on these rules.
Numbers 35:25 The community will save the person who killed someone from the one who wants to punish with death. They will send him back to the safe city he ran to, and he must stay there until the high priest, who was chosen with holy oil, dies.
Numbers 35:26 If the person who killed someone goes outside the city where he found safety, which he ran to;
Numbers 35:27 If the person seeking revenge kills the killer outside the safe city, he is not guilty of murder.
Numbers 35:28 He should have stayed in the safe city until the chief priest died; after that, the one who killed can go back to his own land.
Numbers 35:29 These rules will be laws for you and your descendants wherever you live.
Numbers 35:30 Anyone who kills a person, the killer must be put to death based on what witnesses say; but no one should be put to death on the testimony of only one witness.
Numbers 35:31 Do not accept any payment to spare the life of a murderer who deserves death; they must be put to death.
Numbers 35:32 You must not accept any payment to let someone who ran to a safe city return home before the priest dies.
Numbers 35:33 Do not make the land you are in unclean, because blood makes the land unclean. The land cannot be made clean from the blood spilled on it, except by the blood of the one who spilled it.
Numbers 35:34 Do not make the land you will live in unclean, where I also live, because I, God, live among the people of Israel.

Numbers 36:1 The leaders of the clans in Gilead's family, who was Machir's son and Manasseh's grandson, both descendants of Joseph, approached and spoke to Moses and the heads of Israel's families.
Numbers 36:2 They said, God told my lord to divide the land among the Israelites by casting lots, and my lord was told by God to give our brother Zelophehad's daughters their inheritance.
Numbers 36:3 If they marry men from other Israelite tribes, their property will be moved from our ancestors' tribe to their husbands' tribe, reducing our inherited land.
Numbers 36:4 When Israel's jubilee comes, their land will join the land of the tribe they have joined, and it will no longer be part of our ancestors' tribal land.
Numbers 36:5 Moses told the Israelites what God had said, and he agreed that the tribe of Joseph's sons had spoken wisely.
Numbers 36:6 God commands this about Zelophehad's daughters: They should marry whoever they want, but they must marry within their father's tribal family.
Numbers 36:7 The lands of Israel's tribes must not be passed from one tribe to another; each person from the tribes of Israel must hold on to the land inherited from their ancestors.
Numbers 36:8 Every daughter who has property in an Israelite tribe must marry someone from her father's tribe, so each Israelite man can keep his family inheritance.
Numbers 36:9 An inheritance must not pass from one tribe to another; each tribe of the children of Israel must hold on to its own inheritance.
Numbers 36:10 Just as God told Moses, the daughters of Zelophehad did the same.
Numbers 36:11 Mahlah, Tirzah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Noah, daughters of Zelophehad, married their cousins on their father's side.
Numbers 36:12 They married into the families of Manasseh's sons, Joseph's son, and their property stayed in their father's family tribe.
Numbers 36:13 These are the commands and rules that God gave through Moses to the people of Israel in the Moab plains by the Jordan River near Jericho.

Deuteronomy 1:1 These are the words Moses said to all Israel in the desert east of Jordan, near the Red Sea, between Paran, Tophel, Laban, Hazeroth, and Dizahab.
Deuteronomy 1:2 It takes eleven days to go from Horeb to Kadeshbarnea by the Mount Seir road.
Deuteronomy 1:3 In the fortieth year, on the first day of the eleventh month, Moses told the Israelites everything that God had commanded him to tell them.
Deuteronomy 1:4 After he killed Sihon, the king of the Amorites who lived in Heshbon, and Og, the king of Bashan who lived in Astaroth and Edrei:
Deuteronomy 1:5 Moses started to explain this law in the land of Moab, on this side of the Jordan River, saying,
Deuteronomy 1:6 God spoke to us at Horeb and said, "You have stayed on this mountain long enough."
Deuteronomy 1:7 Turn around, start your trip, and head to the Amorite mountains and all the nearby areas, including the flat lands, the hills, the valleys, the south, and the coast, going to the land of the Canaanites, as far as Lebanon, up to the big river, the Euphrates.
Deuteronomy 1:8 Look, I have put the land in front of you: go and take the land that God promised to your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give to them and their children after them.
Deuteronomy 1:9 I told you then, "I can't take care of you all by myself."
Deuteronomy 1:10 God has made you very many, and today you are as countless as the stars in the sky.
Deuteronomy 1:11 May God, the God of your ancestors, increase you a thousand times and bless you as He promised.
Deuteronomy 1:12 How can I alone handle your troubles, your burdens, and your arguments?
Deuteronomy 1:13 Choose wise, understanding, and respected men from each of your tribes, and I will set them as your leaders.
Deuteronomy 1:14 You replied to me, saying, "What you have said is good for us to do."
Deuteronomy 1:15 I chose the best leaders from your groups, wise and respected men, and appointed them as leaders over you: leaders of thousands, leaders of hundreds, leaders of fifties, leaders of tens, and other officials for your groups.
Deuteronomy 1:16 At that time, I told your judges: Listen to the disputes among your people and make fair decisions between one person and another, and between your people and the foreigners living among you.
Deuteronomy 1:17 Do not treat people unfairly when you judge; listen to the unimportant and the important alike; do not fear anyone, because the decision is God's. If a case is too difficult for you, bring it to me, and I will listen to it.
Deuteronomy 1:18 I told you then all the things you should do.
Deuteronomy 1:19 When we left Horeb, we traveled through the vast and frightening desert that you saw on the way to the Amorites' mountain, just as God told us; and we arrived at Kadeshbarnea.
Deuteronomy 1:20 I told you, you have reached the mountain of the Amorites, which God is giving to us.
Deuteronomy 1:21 Look, God has put the land in front of you: go up and take it, just as the God of your ancestors told you; do not be afraid or lose heart.
Deuteronomy 1:22 You all came to me and said, "We will send men ahead to explore the land and tell us the best way to go and which towns to enter."
Deuteronomy 1:23 I liked the idea, so I chose twelve men from among you, one from each tribe.
Deuteronomy 1:24 They turned, went up the mountain, reached the Eshcol Valley, and explored it.
Deuteronomy 1:25 They carried some of the land's fruit with them, showed it to us, and told us, "The land God is giving us is good."
Deuteronomy 1:26 Despite this, you did not go up and instead went against God's command.
Deuteronomy 1:27 You complained in your tents and said, "Because God hated us, he brought us out of Egypt to hand us over to the Amorites and destroy us."
Deuteronomy 1:28 Where should we go? Our own people have scared us, saying, "The people are bigger and taller than we are; the cities are huge with walls reaching the sky; and we even saw the Anakim's descendants there."
Deuteronomy 1:29 I told you, don't be scared or afraid of them.
Deuteronomy 1:30 God, who leads you, will fight for you, just as he did in Egypt right before you.
Deuteronomy 1:31 In the desert, you saw how God carried you, like a father carries his son, all along the journey until you arrived here.
Deuteronomy 1:32 In this matter, you did not trust God.
Deuteronomy 1:33 Someone went ahead of you to find a place for you to set up your tents. They guided you at night with fire to show you the way, and by day with a cloud.
Deuteronomy 1:34 God heard what you said and became angry, swearing, "
Deuteronomy 1:35 None of these evil people will see the good land that I promised to give to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 1:36 Except for Caleb, the son of Jephunneh; he will see the land, and I will give him and his children the land he walked on, because he completely followed God.
Deuteronomy 1:37 God was also angry with me because of you, saying, You will not go in there either.
Deuteronomy 1:38 Joshua, son of Nun, who is with you, will go there; support him because he will lead Israel to take over the land.
Deuteronomy 1:39 Also, the young children you thought would be taken, and your kids who don't yet know right from wrong, they will go there, I will give it to them, and they will own it.
Deuteronomy 1:40 But as for you, go back and travel through the desert towards the Red Sea.
Deuteronomy 1:41 Then you replied to me, "We have sinned against God, we will go and fight, just as God our God told us." And when each man had put on his weapons of war, you were prepared to march up the hill.
Deuteronomy 1:42 God told me to tell you, "Do not go up or fight, for I am not with you; otherwise, you will be defeated by your enemies."
Deuteronomy 1:43 I spoke to you, but you did not listen and disobeyed God's command, boldly going up the hill.
Deuteronomy 1:44 The Amorites, who lived in that mountain, came out against you and chased you like bees and defeated you in Seir, all the way to Hormah.
Deuteronomy 1:45 You came back and cried before God, but God did not listen to you or pay attention to you.
Deuteronomy 1:46 You stayed in Kadesh for a long time, as long as you were there.

Deuteronomy 2:1 We turned and traveled through the desert toward the Red Sea, as God told me to do, and we circled Mount Seir for many days.
Deuteronomy 2:2 God spoke to me, saying,
Deuteronomy 2:3 You have traveled around this mountain long enough: now go north.
Deuteronomy 2:4 Tell the people: You will travel through the land of your relatives, the children of Esau, who live in Seir. They will fear you, so be careful.
Deuteronomy 2:5 Do not interfere with them; for I will not give you any of their land, not even enough to step on; because I have given Mount Seir to Esau as his own.
Deuteronomy 2:6 You should buy food from them with money, so you can eat; and you should also buy water from them with money, so you can drink.
Deuteronomy 2:7 God has blessed you in all you do; he has watched over you as you traveled through this vast desert. For forty years, God has been with you; you have not been without anything.
Deuteronomy 2:8 When we went past our relatives, Esau's descendants, who lived in Seir, taking the plain's road from Elath and Eziongaber, we changed direction and traveled through the Moab desert.
Deuteronomy 2:9 God told me, "Do not bother the Moabites or fight with them, because I will not give you any of their land. I have given Ar to Lot's descendants to own."
Deuteronomy 2:10 Long ago, the Emims lived there, a large, numerous, and tall people, like the Anakims.
Deuteronomy 2:11 They were considered giants like the Anakims; however, the Moabites named them Emims.
Deuteronomy 2:12 The Horims also lived in Seir before; but Esau's descendants took their place after they defeated them and lived there instead; as Israel did in the land they owned, which God gave to them.
Deuteronomy 2:13 I said, "Get up and cross Zered Creek." So we crossed Zered Creek.
Deuteronomy 2:14 The journey from Kadeshbarnea to the Zered stream took us 38 years, until all the fighting men had died, just as God had promised them.
Deuteronomy 2:15 Truly, God's hand was against them, to eliminate them from the group, until they were gone.
Deuteronomy 2:16 So it happened that when all the soldiers had died and were gone from the people,
Deuteronomy 2:17 God spoke to me and said,
Deuteronomy 2:18 Today, you will go through Ar, the land of Moab.
Deuteronomy 2:19 When you approach the land of the Ammonites, do not trouble them or fight with them, for I will not give you any of their land to own. I have given it to Lot's descendants to have as their own.
Deuteronomy 2:20 This land was also known as a home of giants: giants lived there long ago; and the Ammonites named them Zamzummims.
Deuteronomy 2:21 A large, numerous, and tall people, like the Anakim; but God destroyed them, and they took their place and lived there instead.
Deuteronomy 2:22 God did the same to the descendants of Esau who lived in Seir when he eliminated the Horims before them; they took over their land and have lived there to this day.
Deuteronomy 2:23 The Avims who lived in Hazerim, all the way to Azzah, were destroyed by the Caphtorims who came from Caphtor, and then the Caphtorims lived there instead.
Deuteronomy 2:24 Get up, start traveling, and cross the Arnon River. Look, I have placed Sihon the Amorite, king of Heshbon, and his land in your power. Start taking it over and fight him in battle.
Deuteronomy 2:25 Today, I will start making all nations under heaven fear and respect you. They will hear about you, shake with fear, and be very worried because of you.
Deuteronomy 2:26 I sent messengers from the wilderness of Kedemoth to Sihon, the king of Heshbon, with a message of peace, saying,
Deuteronomy 2:27 Let me go through your land: I will stay on the main road and won't turn right or left.
Deuteronomy 2:28 You will sell me food for money so I can eat, and you will give me water for money so I can drink; I will only walk through your land.
Deuteronomy 2:29 Like the descendants of Esau living in Seir and the Moabites in Ar helped me, until I cross the Jordan into the land God is giving us.
Deuteronomy 2:30 But Sihon, the king of Heshbon, wouldn't let us go through his land: for God made his spirit stubborn and his heart tough, so He could give him to you, as you see today.
Deuteronomy 2:31 God said to me, "Look, I have started to give Sihon and his land to you: start to take it over so you can own his land."
Deuteronomy 2:32 Sihon and all his people came out to fight against us at Jahaz.
Deuteronomy 2:33 God gave us victory over him; we defeated him, his sons, and all his people.
Deuteronomy 2:34 We captured all his cities then, completely destroyed everyone—men, women, and children—in every city, leaving no survivors.
Deuteronomy 2:35 We only took the animals and the things from the cities we captured for ourselves.
Deuteronomy 2:36 From Aroer, next to the edge of the Arnon River, including the city near the river, all the way to Gilead, no city was too strong for us; God gave all of them to us.
Deuteronomy 2:37 You didn't go into the land of the Ammon people, the areas around the Jabbok River, the mountain cities, or any place God told us to stay away from.

Deuteronomy 3:1 We turned and traveled to Bashan. King Og of Bashan and his people came to fight us at Edrei.
Deuteronomy 3:2 God told me, "Don't be afraid of him, because I will give you victory over him, his people, and his land. You will deal with him as you dealt with Sihon, the king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon."
Deuteronomy 3:3 God gave us victory over Og, the king of Bashan, and his people. We defeated them so that no one was left.
Deuteronomy 3:4 We captured all his cities then; we took every single one of them—60 cities in the area of Argob, in Og's kingdom of Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:5 All these cities had high walls, gates, and bars around them, and there were also many towns without walls.
Deuteronomy 3:6 We completely destroyed them, just as we did to Sihon, king of Heshbon, destroying every man, woman, and child in every city.
Deuteronomy 3:7 We took all the animals and the goods from the cities for ourselves.
Deuteronomy 3:8 At that time, we took the land from the two Amorite kings that was on this side of the Jordan, from the Arnon River to Mount Hermon.
Deuteronomy 3:9 Hermon is called Sirion by the Sidonians and Shenir by the Amorites.
Deuteronomy 3:10 Every city in the plain, all of Gilead, and all of Bashan, up to Salchah and Edrei, cities of King Og's realm in Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:11 Only Og, the king of Bashan, was left of the giants. Look at his iron bedstead. Isn't it in Rabbath of the Ammonites? It is nine cubits long and four cubits wide, using the standard cubit.
Deuteronomy 3:12 At that time, we took this land from Aroer by the Arnon River, including half of Mount Gilead and its cities, and I gave it to the people of Reuben and Gad.
Deuteronomy 3:13 I gave the rest of Gilead and all of Bashan, Og's kingdom, to the half tribe of Manasseh; that includes all of Argob and the area known as the land of giants.
Deuteronomy 3:14 Jair from the family of Manasseh captured all the area of Argob to the borders of Geshuri and Maachath. He named the places after himself, calling them the Towns of Jair, which they are still called today.
Deuteronomy 3:15 I gave Gilead to Machir.
Deuteronomy 3:16 To the Reubenites and Gadites, I gave land from Gilead to the Arnon River, half the valley, and the boundary extends to the Jabbok River, which is the border of the Ammonites.
Deuteronomy 3:17 The flat land, including the area around the Jordan River from Chinnereth to the Dead Sea, with its eastern border below the slopes of Pisgah.
Deuteronomy 3:18 I told you then, "God has given you this land to own: you must go ahead, ready to fight, in front of your fellow Israelites who are fit for battle."
Deuteronomy 3:19 Your wives, children, and animals, because I know you have many animals, can stay in the cities I gave you.
Deuteronomy 3:20 Wait until God has given your brothers rest, just like you, and until they too have taken over the land God has given them across the Jordan. Then each of you can go back to the land I have given you.
Deuteronomy 3:21 I told Joshua then, "You saw what God did to those two kings: God will do the same to all the kingdoms you enter."
Deuteronomy 3:22 Do not be afraid of them: for God will fight for you.
Deuteronomy 3:23 I begged God then, saying,
Deuteronomy 3:24 God, you have started to show your servant your greatness and powerful hand. Who is like you, a God in heaven or on earth, who can act like you do or has your power?
Deuteronomy 3:25 Please let me go and see the wonderful land across the Jordan River, the beautiful mountain, and Lebanon.
Deuteronomy 3:26 But God was angry with me because of you, and would not listen to me: and God told me, That's enough; do not talk to me about this anymore.
Deuteronomy 3:27 Go up to the top of Pisgah and look to the west, north, south, and east. See the land with your own eyes, because you will not cross the Jordan River.
Deuteronomy 3:28 Tell Joshua to be brave and strong because he will lead the people and help them receive the land you will see.
Deuteronomy 3:29 We stayed in the valley opposite Bethpeor.

Deuteronomy 4:1 Listen, Israel, to the rules and decisions I am teaching you. Follow them so you may live and enter and own the land God of your ancestors is giving you.
Deuteronomy 4:2 Do not add anything to what I tell you, and do not take anything away from it, so you can follow God's commands that I give you.
Deuteronomy 4:3 Your eyes saw what God did because of Baalpeor: God destroyed everyone who followed Baalpeor from among you.
Deuteronomy 4:4 But all of you who stayed close to God are still alive today.
Deuteronomy 4:5 Look, I have taught you rules and decisions, just as God, my God, told me, so that you can follow them in the land you are going to make your own.
Deuteronomy 4:6 So keep and follow these laws, because this is how you will show your wisdom and understanding to other nations. When they hear about these rules, they will say, "This great nation is surely wise and understanding."
Deuteronomy 4:7 What nation is so great that has God close to them like our God whenever we call on Him?
Deuteronomy 4:8 What nation is as great as this one, with laws and rules as fair as all these that I give you today?
Deuteronomy 4:9 Be careful and pay close attention to yourself. Work hard to remember what you've seen, so you won't forget it as long as you live. And make sure to teach it to your children and grandchildren.
Deuteronomy 4:10 Especially the day you stood before God at Horeb, when God told me, 'Bring the people together, and I will let them hear my words, so they will learn to respect me all their lives on earth, and they will teach their children.'
Deuteronomy 4:11 You came close and stood at the foot of the mountain; the mountain was on fire up to the middle of the sky, with darkness, clouds, and deep darkness.
Deuteronomy 4:12 God spoke to you from the fire: you heard the sound of words but saw no form; you just heard a voice.
Deuteronomy 4:13 He told you his agreement, which he ordered you to follow, the ten orders; and he wrote them on two stone tablets.
Deuteronomy 4:14 At that time, God told me to teach you rules and laws, so you could follow them in the land you are going to make your own.
Deuteronomy 4:15 Be very careful about how you live; because you did not see anything when God spoke to you at Horeb from the fire.
Deuteronomy 4:16 Be careful not to ruin yourselves by making an idol in the shape of anything, man or woman.
Deuteronomy 4:17 The image of any animal on the ground, the image of any bird with wings that flies in the sky,
Deuteronomy 4:18 The image of anything that crawls on the land, the image of any fish that lives in the water under the earth.
Deuteronomy 4:19 Be careful not to look up at the sky and see the sun, moon, and stars—all the heavenly bodies—and feel tempted to bow down and worship them. These are things God has shared with all nations under heaven.
Deuteronomy 4:20 But God has chosen you and led you out of the iron furnace, out of Egypt, to be his own people, just as you are today.
Deuteronomy 4:21 God was angry with me because of you and swore that I would not cross the Jordan or enter the good land that God is giving you to inherit.
Deuteronomy 4:22 But I must die in this land, I cannot cross the Jordan River; but you will cross and take over that good land.
Deuteronomy 4:23 Be careful and do not forget the agreement with God, who made it with you. Do not create any carved idol or image of anything that God has told you not to.
Deuteronomy 4:24 God is like a fire that burns everything up, and he is a God who wants your complete loyalty.
Deuteronomy 4:25 When you have children and grandchildren, and have lived in the land for a long time, if you become corrupt and make an idol, or a image of anything, and do wrong in the eyes of God, to make him angry:
Deuteronomy 4:26 I call heaven and earth to witness against you today: you will soon completely die from the land you are crossing Jordan to own; you will not live long there, but will be totally destroyed.
Deuteronomy 4:27 God will spread you out among many countries, and there will be only a few of you left among the nations where God will take you.
Deuteronomy 4:28 And there you will worship gods made by human hands, out of wood and stone, that can't see, hear, eat, or smell.
Deuteronomy 4:29 If you look for God there, you will find him if you search with all your heart and soul.
Deuteronomy 4:30 When you are in trouble and all these things happen to you, even in the future, if you turn to God and listen to his voice;
Deuteronomy 4:31 God is merciful; he will not abandon you or destroy you and will remember the promise he made to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 4:32 Ask about the past days, before your time, since God made humans on earth, and check from one end of the sky to the other if anything as great as this has ever happened or been heard of.
Deuteronomy 4:33 Has any nation ever heard God's voice speaking from fire, as you have, and survived?
Deuteronomy 4:34 Has God ever tried to create a nation from within another nation, using tests, signs, miracles, war, strong power, an extended reach, and big fears, just as God did for you in Egypt while you watched?
Deuteronomy 4:35 You were shown this so you would know that God is the only God; there is no other besides him.
Deuteronomy 4:36 From heaven, God let you hear his voice to teach you. On earth, he showed you his great fire, and you heard his words from inside the fire.
Deuteronomy 4:37 Because God loved your ancestors, he picked their descendants after them and led you out of Egypt with his great power.
Deuteronomy 4:38 To push out nations from in front of you, greater and stronger than you, to bring you in and to give you their land as your own, just like today.
Deuteronomy 4:39 Understand today, and think deeply in your heart, that God is the only God in heaven above and on earth below.
Deuteronomy 4:40 You must follow God's laws and commands that I give you today, so things go well for you and your children, and you live a long time on the land that God gives you forever.
Deuteronomy 4:41 Then Moses set apart three cities east of the Jordan river.
Deuteronomy 4:42 The person who accidentally killed their neighbor, without previous hate, could run to one of these cities to live.
Deuteronomy 4:43 Bezer in the desert, in the flat land for the people of Reuben; Ramoth in Gilead for the people of Gad; and Golan in Bashan for the people of Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 4:44 This is the rule that Moses gave to the people of Israel:
Deuteronomy 4:45 These are the rules, laws, and decisions that Moses told the people of Israel after they left Egypt.
Deuteronomy 4:46 On this side of the Jordan River, in the valley facing Bethpeor, in the territory of Sihon the Amorite king who lived in Heshbon, whom Moses and the Israelites defeated after leaving Egypt:
Deuteronomy 4:47 They took over his land and Og's land, the king of Bashan -- lands of two Amorite kings east of the Jordan River, where the sun rises.
Deuteronomy 4:48 From Aroer, by the river Arnon, to Mount Sion, known as Hermon.
Deuteronomy 4:49 The entire flat land east of the Jordan River up to the Dead Sea, at the foot of Mount Pisgah.

Deuteronomy 5:1 Moses gathered all of Israel and told them, "Listen, Israel, to the rules and laws I am telling you today; learn them, follow them, and put them into practice."
Deuteronomy 5:2 God made an agreement with us at Horeb.
Deuteronomy 5:3 God did not make this agreement with our ancestors, but with us, all of us who are alive here today.
Deuteronomy 5:4 God spoke to you directly on the mountain from within the fire.
Deuteronomy 5:5 I stood between God and you at that time to tell you God's message because you were scared of the fire and did not go up the mountain.
Deuteronomy 5:6 I am God, who brought you out of Egypt, the place where you were slaves.
Deuteronomy 5:7 You should not have any other gods besides me.
Deuteronomy 5:8 Do not make for yourself any carved idol or any image of anything in heaven above, on earth below, or in the water under the earth.
Deuteronomy 5:9 Do not bow down to them or serve them, because I, your God, am a jealous God. I will punish the children for the sins of their parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me.
Deuteronomy 5:10 And showing kindness to thousands who love me and follow my commands.
Deuteronomy 5:11 Do not use God's name for no good reason; God will not forgive those who misuse his name.
Deuteronomy 5:12 Remember to keep the Sabbath day holy, as God has instructed you.
Deuteronomy 5:13 Work for six days and do all your tasks.
Deuteronomy 5:14 The seventh day is God's rest day: on this day, you or your children, your male and female workers, your oxen, your donkeys, or any other animals, or the foreigners living in your town, should not work. This is so your workers can rest just like you.
Deuteronomy 5:15 Remember you were a servant in Egypt, and God freed you with great power and an outstretched arm; that's why God told you to observe the Sabbath day.
Deuteronomy 5:16 Respect your father and mother, as God has told you, so you may live a long life and have a good life in the land God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 5:17 Do not kill.
Deuteronomy 5:18 Do not cheat on your partner.
Deuteronomy 5:19 Do not steal.
Deuteronomy 5:20 Do not lie about your neighbor.
Deuteronomy 5:21 Do not want your neighbor's wife, do not wish for your neighbor's house, land, servants, ox, donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.
Deuteronomy 5:22 God spoke these words to everyone gathered on the mountain from the fire, cloud, and dark fog with a loud voice, and said nothing more. He wrote them on two stone tablets and gave them to me.
Deuteronomy 5:23 When you heard the voice from the dark and saw the mountain burning with fire, you all, including the leaders and older people of your tribes, came close to me.
Deuteronomy 5:24 You said, "Look, our God has shown us his glory and power, and we have heard his voice from the fire. Today we have seen that God can speak to people, and they can still live."
Deuteronomy 5:25 So why should we die now? This huge fire will burn us up. If we keep hearing God’s voice, we will die.
Deuteronomy 5:26 Who among all people has heard God speak from the fire like we have and still lived?
Deuteronomy 5:27 Go close and listen to everything that God will tell you; then tell us everything that God says to you, and we will listen and do it.
Deuteronomy 5:28 God heard what you said to me; and God told me, "I have heard what this people said to you, and everything they said is good."
Deuteronomy 5:29 I wish they had a heart to respect me and always follow my commands, so things would go well for them and their children forever.
Deuteronomy 5:30 Go tell them to return to their tents.
Deuteronomy 5:31 Stay here with me and I will tell you all the rules and laws that you must teach the people so they can follow them in the land I am giving them to live in.
Deuteronomy 5:32 You must do as God has commanded you: do not turn right or left.
Deuteronomy 5:33 Follow all the paths God has told you to take so that you may live a good life and have a long time in the land you will own.

Deuteronomy 6:1 Here are the rules, laws, and decisions that God told you to learn, so you can follow them in the land you are going to make your own.
Deuteronomy 6:2 So you will respect God, follow all His rules and commands that I give to you, you, your son, and your grandson, as long as you live; and so that you may have a long life.
Deuteronomy 6:3 Listen, Israel, and be sure to follow the commands, so that things go well for you, and you become very numerous, just as God promised your ancestors, in a land filled with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 6:4 Listen, Israel: Our God is the only God.
Deuteronomy 6:5 Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Deuteronomy 6:6 Keep these words I give you today in your heart.
Deuteronomy 6:7 You should teach them carefully to your children and talk about them when you are at home, when you walk along the road, when you lie down, and when you get up.
Deuteronomy 6:8 Tie them as a sign on your hand, and let them be a reminder between your eyes.
Deuteronomy 6:9 Write these words on the doorframes of your house and on your gates.
Deuteronomy 6:10 When God brings you to the land He promised your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give you large and beautiful cities you did not build,
Deuteronomy 6:11 Homes filled with good things you did not put there, wells you did not dig, and vineyards and olive trees you did not plant; when you have eaten and are satisfied.
Deuteronomy 6:12 Be careful not to forget God, who brought you out of Egypt, where you were slaves.
Deuteronomy 6:13 You should respect God, serve him, and make promises in his name.
Deuteronomy 6:14 Do not follow other gods from the nearby peoples.
Deuteronomy 6:15 Because your God is a God who feels very strong about his relationship with you, be careful not to make him angry or he might remove you from the earth.
Deuteronomy 6:16 Do not test God as you did at Massah.
Deuteronomy 6:17 You must carefully follow God's commandments, teachings, and rules that he has given you.
Deuteronomy 6:18 You should do what is right and good in God's eyes: so things will go well for you, and you can enter and take over the good land that God promised to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 6:19 To drive out all your enemies from before you, just as God has said.
Deuteronomy 6:20 When your son asks you in the future, 'What do the teachings, laws, and rules that God has given you mean?'
Deuteronomy 6:21 Then you will tell your son, We were slaves of Pharaoh in Egypt, but God led us out of Egypt with great power.
Deuteronomy 6:22 God showed amazing and terrible signs and wonders in Egypt, to Pharaoh, and to all his family, right before our eyes.
Deuteronomy 6:23 He took us out from there to bring us in and give us the land he promised to our ancestors.
Deuteronomy 6:24 God told us to follow these rules and respect God, for our own good at all times, so that we may be kept alive, just as we are today.
Deuteronomy 6:25 We will be doing what is right if we carefully follow all these commands from God, just as he has told us to do.

Deuteronomy 7:1 When God brings you to the land you are going to take over, and has driven out many nations ahead of you—the Hittites, Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites—seven nations bigger and stronger than you;
Deuteronomy 7:2 When God gives them to you, you must defeat them and completely destroy them; you must not make any agreements with them or show them mercy.
Deuteronomy 7:3 Do not marry them; don't give your daughter to their son, and don't take their daughter for your son.
Deuteronomy 7:4 They will lead your son away from following me, so they can worship other gods. Then God will become very angry with you and destroy you quickly.
Deuteronomy 7:5 Deal with them like this: destroy their altars, break their idols, cut down their sacred poles, and burn their carved images with fire.
Deuteronomy 7:6 You are a holy people to your God: your God has chosen you to be his own special people, more than anyone else in the world.
Deuteronomy 7:7 God did not love or choose you because you were the most people; you were actually the fewest of all.
Deuteronomy 7:8 Because God loved you and wanted to keep the promise made to your ancestors, God brought you out with great power and freed you from slavery under Pharaoh, the king of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 7:9 Understand then that God, your God, is the true God, the loyal God, who maintains his promise and kindness to those who love him and obey his commands for a thousand generations.
Deuteronomy 7:10 God pays back those who hate Him directly, to destroy them; He will not delay in repaying someone who hates Him, He will confront them.
Deuteronomy 7:11 You should follow the commands, rules, and decisions I give you today and obey them.
Deuteronomy 7:12 So if you listen to these rules and follow them, then God will keep the promise and kindness he swore to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 7:13 God will love you, bless you, and make you many. He will bless your children and your land's crops, your grain, wine, and oil, the calves of your cows, and the lambs of your sheep, in the land he promised to your ancestors to give to you.
Deuteronomy 7:14 You will be more blessed than any other people: none of you, man or woman, or your animals, will be unable to have children.
Deuteronomy 7:15 God will remove all sickness from you and won't let you suffer from the terrible diseases of Egypt you know about. Instead, He will make those who hate you suffer from them.
Deuteronomy 7:16 You must destroy all the peoples God gives to you; show them no mercy, and do not worship their gods, as it will trap you.
Deuteronomy 7:17 If you think to yourself, "These nations are too many for me; how can I drive them out?"
Deuteronomy 7:18 Do not fear them: but remember well what God did to Pharaoh and all of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 7:19 The big tests you saw, the miracles, the powerful acts, and the strong arm that God used to rescue you: God will do the same to all the people you fear.
Deuteronomy 7:20 God will send hornets to chase them away until all that are left and hiding from you are destroyed.
Deuteronomy 7:21 Do not be scared of them: for God, who is your God, is with you, a powerful and awesome God.
Deuteronomy 7:22 God will drive out those nations before you gradually; you cannot defeat them quickly, or wild animals will grow too numerous for you.
Deuteronomy 7:23 God will hand them over to you and wipe them out completely until they are gone.
Deuteronomy 7:24 God will hand their kings over to you, and you will erase their names from the earth; no one will be able to resist you until you have destroyed them.
Deuteronomy 7:25 Burn the carved idols of their gods: do not want the silver or gold on them or take it, so you won't be trapped by it: it's hated by God.
Deuteronomy 7:26 Do not bring anything hateful into your home, or you will be cursed like it. Hate it completely and find it totally disgusting, because it is cursed.

Deuteronomy 8:1 Follow all the commands I give you today so you can live, grow, and take over the land God promised to your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 8:2 Remember how God guided you through the wilderness for forty years, to humble and test you, and to see if you would follow His commands.
Deuteronomy 8:3 God made you humble, let you feel hunger, and gave you manna to eat, a food you and your ancestors didn't know. This was to teach you that people don't live by bread alone, but by everything God says.
Deuteronomy 8:4 Your clothes did not wear out and your feet did not swell during these forty years.
Deuteronomy 8:5 You should also think to yourself that just as a father disciplines his child, so God disciplines you.
Deuteronomy 8:6 So you must follow God's commands, live as He wants, and respect Him.
Deuteronomy 8:7 God is bringing you into a good land with streams, springs, and deep waters that flow in the valleys and hills.
Deuteronomy 8:8 A land with wheat, barley, grapevines, fig trees, and pomegranates; a land with olive oil and honey.
Deuteronomy 8:9 A place where you will eat bread without shortage, you will not lack anything; a place with iron stones and hills where you can dig out copper.
Deuteronomy 8:10 When you have eaten and are full, then you should thank God for the good land he has given you.
Deuteronomy 8:11 Be careful not to forget God by not following his commands, rules, and laws that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 8:12 Be careful not to forget God when you have eaten your fill, built nice homes, and live in them.
Deuteronomy 8:13 When your herds and flocks grow, and your silver and gold increase, and everything you own increases;
Deuteronomy 8:14 Then your heart may become proud, and you forget God who brought you out of Egypt, out of slavery.
Deuteronomy 8:15 Who guided you through the vast and scary desert with poisonous snakes and scorpions, and where there was no water; who made water come out of the hard rock for you;
Deuteronomy 8:16 God fed you in the desert with manna, unknown to your ancestors, to humble you and test you, to ultimately benefit you in the end.
Deuteronomy 8:17 And you think in your heart, My strength and the power of my hand have earned me this wealth.
Deuteronomy 8:18 Remember God, because He gives you the strength to become wealthy, so that He can keep the promise He made to your ancestors, just as it is today.
Deuteronomy 8:19 If you forget God, follow other gods, serve and worship them, I warn you today that you will certainly be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 8:20 Just like the countries God destroys before you, you too will die if you don't listen to God's voice.

Deuteronomy 9:1 Listen, Israel: Today you will cross the Jordan to take over lands with bigger and stronger nations than you, and cities with tall, strong walls.
Deuteronomy 9:2 A great and tall nation, the descendants of the Anakims, whom you know and have heard about, saying, "Who can stand against the children of Anak?"
Deuteronomy 9:3 Know today that God, your God, is the one leading you. Like a fire, he will destroy your enemies, defeating them as you watch. You will quickly drive them out and destroy them, just as God has told you.
Deuteronomy 9:4 Do not think in your heart, after God has driven them out from before you, 'It is because of my goodness that God has let me take this land.' Instead, it's because of the evil of these nations that God is removing them from your path.
Deuteronomy 9:5 You are not going to take over their land because you are righteous or have a pure heart; you are doing it because these nations are wicked, and God wants to remove them for you. This will fulfill the promise God made to your forefathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Deuteronomy 9:6 Know then that God is not giving you this good land to own because of your goodness; you are a stubborn people.
Deuteronomy 9:7 Remember and don't forget how you made God angry in the desert. From the time you left Egypt until you arrived here, you have been disobedient to God.
Deuteronomy 9:8 At Horeb, you made God very angry, so much that he wanted to destroy you.
Deuteronomy 9:9 I went up the mountain to get the stone tablets, the ones of the agreement that God made with you. I stayed on the mountain for 40 days and nights, without eating bread or drinking water.
Deuteronomy 9:10 God gave me two stone tablets written by God's finger; they had all the words God spoke to you on the mountain from within the fire on the day we gathered.
Deuteronomy 9:11 After 40 days and 40 nights, God gave me the two stone tablets, the tablets of the agreement.
Deuteronomy 9:12 God told me, "Get up and go down fast from here because your people, whom you brought out of Egypt, have ruined themselves; they quickly left the path I ordered them to follow; they've made an idol out of melted metal."
Deuteronomy 9:13 God spoke to me and said, "I have seen these people, and they are stubborn."
Deuteronomy 9:14 Leave me alone, so I can destroy them and erase their name from under heaven, and I will create from you a nation stronger and greater than them.
Deuteronomy 9:15 I turned and came down from the mountain, which was burning with fire, holding the two stone tablets of the agreement in my hands.
Deuteronomy 9:16 I saw that you sinned against God by making a metal calf; you quickly left the path God had ordered you to follow.
Deuteronomy 9:17 I took the two tablets, threw them from my hands, and broke them in front of you.
Deuteronomy 9:18 I bowed down before God for forty days and nights, just as before, not eating bread or drinking water, because of all the wrongs you did, making God angry.
Deuteronomy 9:19 I was scared of God's anger and fury, which could have led to your destruction, but God listened to me then too.
Deuteronomy 9:20 God was very angry with Aaron and wanted to destroy him, but I also prayed for Aaron at that time.
Deuteronomy 9:21 I took the calf idol you made, which was your sin, burned it in fire, crushed it, and ground it into fine dust; then I threw the dust into the stream that flowed down the mountain.
Deuteronomy 9:22 At Taberah, at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, you made God very angry.
Deuteronomy 9:23 Also, when God sent you from Kadeshbarnea, saying, "Go and take the land I have given you," you did not obey God's command, and you did not trust or listen to Him.
Deuteronomy 9:24 You have been against God since I first knew you.
Deuteronomy 9:25 So I lay prostrate before God for forty days and nights, just like the first time, because God had said he would destroy you.
Deuteronomy 9:26 I prayed to God and said, "O God, do not destroy your people, your own possession, whom you saved by your power, whom you brought out of Egypt with a strong hand."
Deuteronomy 9:27 God, remember your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and do not pay attention to this people's stubbornness, wickedness, or sin.
Deuteronomy 9:28 So that the people from the land we were taken from don't say, 'God couldn't take them to the land he promised, and because he hated them, he took them out to kill them in the desert.'
Deuteronomy 9:29 They are your people and your heritage, whom you brought out with your great power and your outstretched arm.

Deuteronomy 10:1 At that time, God told me, "Cut two stone tablets like the first ones and come up the mountain to meet me, and make a wooden box."
Deuteronomy 10:2 I will write on the tablets the words that were on the first tablets you broke, and you must put them in the chest.
Deuteronomy 10:3 I made a box from acacia wood and cut two stone tablets like the first ones. Then I went up the mountain with the two tablets in my hand.
Deuteronomy 10:4 He wrote on the tablets the same ten commandments that God told you on the mountain from the fire on the day we all gathered, and God gave them to me.
Deuteronomy 10:5 I turned around and came down the mountain, and placed the tablets in the chest I had built; and there they are, as God told me.
Deuteronomy 10:6 The Israelites traveled from Beeroth, where Jaakan's people lived, to Mosera. Aaron died and was buried there, and his son Eleazar became the priest in his place.
Deuteronomy 10:7 They traveled from there to Gudgodah, and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land with many water streams.
Deuteronomy 10:8 At that time, God chose the tribe of Levi to carry the covenant box, to serve before God, to take care of his needs, and to bless people in his name, which continues even now.
Deuteronomy 10:9 So Levi does not have a share or property like his brothers; God is his share, just as God promised him.
Deuteronomy 10:10 I stayed on the mountain for forty days and forty nights, like before; and God listened to me again, and did not decide to destroy you.
Deuteronomy 10:11 God told me, "Get up, lead the way for the people, so they can enter and take over the land that I promised to give to their ancestors."
Deuteronomy 10:12 Now, Israel, what does God your God ask of you but to respect God, to live in His ways, to love Him, and to serve God with all your heart and all your soul?
Deuteronomy 10:13 To follow God's commands and rules, which I give you today for your benefit?
Deuteronomy 10:14 Look, the sky and even the highest heavens belong to God, and so does the earth and everything in it.
Deuteronomy 10:15 God was pleased with your ancestors and loved them, so he chose you, their descendants, above all others, as it is today.
Deuteronomy 10:16 Cut away the stubbornness from your heart, and don't be stubborn anymore.
Deuteronomy 10:17 Your God is the greatest God and the highest leader, a big and strong God who treats everyone the same and doesn't take bribes.
Deuteronomy 10:18 He carries out justice for orphans and widows, and loves foreigners, by giving them food and clothing.
Deuteronomy 10:19 Love the foreigner, because you were foreigners in Egypt.
Deuteronomy 10:20 You should respect God; serve him, stay close to him, and make promises in his name.
Deuteronomy 10:21 He is the one you praise, and he is your God who has done these great and frightening things for you that you have seen.
Deuteronomy 10:22 Your ancestors went to Egypt with seventy people; and now God has made you as many as the stars in the sky.

Deuteronomy 11:1 So you must love God, follow his instructions, laws, decisions, and commands always.
Deuteronomy 11:2 Understand today: I am not talking to your children who have not known or seen how God disciplines, his greatness, his powerful hand, and his extended arm.
Deuteronomy 11:3 God's miracles and what he did in Egypt before Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and his whole country;
Deuteronomy 11:4 God did to Egypt's army, their horses, and their chariots; how He made the Red Sea's water flood over them as they chased you, and how God has destroyed them up to today;
Deuteronomy 11:5 And what he did for you in the desert until you arrived here;
Deuteronomy 11:6 And what happened to Dathan and Abiram, Eliab's sons from the Reuben tribe: how the ground opened up and swallowed them, their families, their tents, and all their belongings in front of all Israel.
Deuteronomy 11:7 But your eyes have seen all the great things God did.
Deuteronomy 11:8 So you must obey all the rules I give you today, so that you can be strong and take over the land you are going to live in.
Deuteronomy 11:9 So that you may live longer in the land, which God promised to your ancestors to give to them and their children, a land filled with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 11:10 The land you are going to make your own is not like Egypt, where you came from. There you planted your seeds and used your feet to water them, like a herb garden.
Deuteronomy 11:11 The land where you are going to take over has hills and valleys and gets its water from the rain that comes from the sky.
Deuteronomy 11:12 A land that God takes care of: God's eyes are always on it, from the start of the year to the end of the year.
Deuteronomy 11:13 If you carefully listen to my commands that I give you today, to love God and serve Him with all your heart and soul, it will happen.
Deuteronomy 11:14 I will send rain to your land at the right time, both early and late rains, so you can collect your grain, wine, and oil.
Deuteronomy 11:15 I will make grass grow in your fields for your cattle so you can eat and be satisfied.
Deuteronomy 11:16 Be careful, don't let your heart be fooled, and don't turn away to serve other gods and bow down to them.
Deuteronomy 11:17 If you make God angry, He might close the sky so it won't rain, and the ground won't grow food, and you might quickly die in the good land God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 11:18 Keep these words of mine in your heart and soul, tie them on your hand as a reminder, and let them be like a band on your forehead.
Deuteronomy 11:19 Teach your children these things. Talk about them at home, when you travel, when you go to bed, and when you get up.
Deuteronomy 11:20 Write them on the door frames of your house and on your gates.
Deuteronomy 11:21 May your life and your children's lives be long in the land that God promised to your ancestors, like endless days in heaven on earth.
Deuteronomy 11:22 If you carefully follow all these commands I give you, to do them, to love God, to walk in all his ways, and to hold fast to him;
Deuteronomy 11:23 God will force all these nations to leave before you, and you will take over greater and stronger nations than you.
Deuteronomy 11:24 Every place where you step will belong to you: from the desert and Lebanon, from the Euphrates River to the farthest sea will be your border.
Deuteronomy 11:25 No one will be able to resist you: for God will make everyone fear and dread you wherever you go, just as he has promised you.
Deuteronomy 11:26 Look, today I give you a choice between a blessing and a curse.
Deuteronomy 11:27 You will be blessed if you follow the commands of God that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 11:28 And a curse if you do not follow God's commandments, but turn away from the path I tell you today, to follow different gods, which you do not know.
Deuteronomy 11:29 When God brings you to the land you will take over, you should speak the blessings on Mount Gerizim and the curses on Mount Ebal.
Deuteronomy 11:30 Aren't they across the Jordan River, along the path where the sun sets, in the Canaanites' land, near Gilgal and next to the Moreh fields?
Deuteronomy 11:31 You will cross the Jordan River to take over the land that God gives you, and you will own it and live there.
Deuteronomy 11:32 Obey all the rules and decisions I am giving you today.

Deuteronomy 12:1 Here are the rules and decisions you must follow in the land that God of your ancestors is giving you to own, as long as you live on the earth.
Deuteronomy 12:2 You must completely destroy all the places where the nations you will take over worshiped their gods, on the high mountains, on the hills, and under every green tree.
Deuteronomy 12:3 You must knock down their altars, smash their sacred stones, and burn their Asherah poles with fire. You must cut down their idols and wipe out their names from that place.
Deuteronomy 12:4 Do not do this to your God.
Deuteronomy 12:5 Go to the place that God chooses from all your tribes to honor his name, search for his dwelling, and go there.
Deuteronomy 12:6 Take your burnt offerings, sacrifices, tithes, gifts, promises, voluntary offerings, and the first of your herds and flocks there.
Deuteronomy 12:7 You will eat there in front of God and be happy with all your work, you and your families, because God has blessed you.
Deuteronomy 12:8 You must not do everything we are doing here today, where everyone does what seems right to them.
Deuteronomy 12:9 You have not yet reached the place of rest and the land that God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 12:10 But when you cross the Jordan and live in the land that God your God gives you to inherit, and when he gives you peace from all your enemies around, so that you live in safety;
Deuteronomy 12:11 There will be a place that God will choose for his name to live; there you must bring everything I tell you: your burnt offerings, sacrifices, tithes, special gifts, and all your chosen promises to God.
Deuteronomy 12:12 You will be happy in front of God, you and your sons, your daughters, your male and female servants, and the Levite that lives in your town, because he doesn't own or inherit land like you do.
Deuteronomy 12:13 Be careful to not give your burnt offerings in just any place you see.
Deuteronomy 12:14 But in the place God picks in one of your tribes, there you must present your burnt offerings and do everything I tell you.
Deuteronomy 12:15 You can kill and eat meat anywhere you live, whatever you desire, according to God's blessings given to you; both clean and unclean people can eat it, just like eating deer or gazelle meat.
Deuteronomy 12:16 Do not eat the blood; pour it out on the ground like water.
Deuteronomy 12:17 You must not eat the tenth part of your grain, wine, or oil, or the firstborn of your cattle or sheep, or any offerings you promised to God, or your voluntary gifts, or special offerings in your own places.
Deuteronomy 12:18 You must eat them in the presence of God at the place God will choose. You, your son, your daughter, your male servant, your female servant, and the Levite in your town should all rejoice in everything you do.
Deuteronomy 12:19 Be careful not to ignore the Levite as long as you live on the earth.
Deuteronomy 12:20 When God makes your land larger, as he promised you, and you want to eat meat because you crave it, you can eat any meat you desire.
Deuteronomy 12:21 If the place God has chosen for his name is too far from you, then you may slaughter your cattle and sheep that God has given you, as I have instructed, and you can eat what you desire within your own gates.
Deuteronomy 12:22 Just as you can eat deer or gazelle meat, you may eat these animals: both people who are impure and those who are pure can eat them.
Deuteronomy 12:23 Make sure you do not eat the blood because the blood is the life, and you must not eat the life with the meat.
Deuteronomy 12:24 Do not eat it; pour it on the ground like water.
Deuteronomy 12:25 Do not eat it so that things will go well with you and your children, when you do what is right in God's eyes.
Deuteronomy 12:26 Take your holy items and promises, and go to the place God will select.
Deuteronomy 12:27 You must present your burnt offerings, both the meat and the blood, on the altar of God. The blood of your offerings should be spilled on God's altar, and you may eat the meat.
Deuteronomy 12:28 Listen and follow all these instructions I give you, so things will go well for you and your children forever, when you do what is good and right in the eyes of God.
Deuteronomy 12:29 When God removes the nations before you, where you are going to take over, and you replace them and live in their land;
Deuteronomy 12:30 Be careful not to be trapped by copying them, after they are defeated in front of you; and don't ask about their gods, wondering how these people worshiped their gods, thinking you might do the same.
Deuteronomy 12:31 Do not act this way towards God, because they have done everything God hates to their gods, even burning their sons and daughters in fire for them.
Deuteronomy 12:32 Do whatever I tell you: don't add to it or take away from it.

Deuteronomy 13:1 If a prophet or someone who dreams of visions appears among you, and gives you a sign or a miracle,
Deuteronomy 13:2 If the sign or miracle happens that he told you about, saying, "Let's follow other gods you don't know and worship them,"
Deuteronomy 13:3 Do not listen to what that prophet or dreamer says, because God is testing you to see if you love God with all your heart and soul.
Deuteronomy 13:4 Follow God, respect him, follow his rules, listen to him, serve him, and stay close to him.
Deuteronomy 13:5 That prophet or dreamer must be put to death for trying to turn you away from God, who freed you from Egypt and slavery, leading you on the path God commanded. This will remove evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 13:6 If your brother, your mother's son, or your own son or daughter, or the wife close to you, or your friend who is like your own self, tempts you in secret, saying "Let's go and worship other gods," gods that neither you nor your ancestors have known;
Deuteronomy 13:7 From the gods of the nations near you or far from you, from one end of the earth to the other.
Deuteronomy 13:8 Do not agree with him, do not listen to him, do not feel sorry for him, do not spare him, and do not hide him.
Deuteronomy 13:9 You must definitely kill him; you should be the first to strike him to put him to death, and then everyone else should follow.
Deuteronomy 13:10 You must stone him to death with rocks because he tried to turn you away from God, who led you out of Egypt, where you were slaves.
Deuteronomy 13:11 Everyone in Israel will hear about it, be afraid, and not do such evil things among you anymore.
Deuteronomy 13:12 If you hear someone in one of your cities, which God has given you to live in, saying,
Deuteronomy 13:13 Some bad men from your group have left and convinced the people of their city to follow other gods that you don't know.
Deuteronomy 13:14 Then you should investigate, search carefully, and ask thoroughly; and if you find out it's true and the offense has definitely been done among you;
Deuteronomy 13:15 You must completely destroy the people of that city with your swords, along with everything in it, and also the animals, using your swords.
Deuteronomy 13:16 Gather all the city's goods into its center, burn the city and everything in it for God. It will be ruins forever and never rebuilt.
Deuteronomy 13:17 Do not keep anything cursed; then God will calm his anger, be merciful to you, feel sorry for you, and make your family larger, as he promised your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 13:18 When you listen to God's voice and follow all the commands I give you today, do what is right in God's eyes.

Deuteronomy 14:1 You are God's children: do not cut yourselves or shave the front of your head for the dead.
Deuteronomy 14:2 You are a special people to God, and God has chosen you to be his own unique people, above all the nations on the earth.
Deuteronomy 14:3 Do not eat anything disgusting.
Deuteronomy 14:4 You may eat these animals: the ox, the sheep, and the goat.
Deuteronomy 14:5 The deer, the gazelle, the fallow deer, the wild goat, the antelope, the wild ox, and the mountain goat.
Deuteronomy 14:6 You may eat any animal that has split hooves divided into two parts and that chews the cud.
Deuteronomy 14:7 But you must not eat these animals that chew the cud or have split hooves: camels, rabbits, and hyraxes. They chew the cud but don't have split hooves, so they are unclean for you.
Deuteronomy 14:8 Pigs are unclean for you because they have split hooves but don't chew the cud. You must not eat their meat or touch their dead bodies.
Deuteronomy 14:9 You may eat all from the water that have fins and scales.
Deuteronomy 14:10 You must not eat anything that does not have fins and scales; it is not clean for you.
Deuteronomy 14:11 You can eat all clean birds.
Deuteronomy 14:12 But these are the birds you must not eat: the eagle, the vulture, and the hawk.
Deuteronomy 14:13 And the gliding bird, the kite, and every kind of vulture.
Deuteronomy 14:14 Each type of raven,
Deuteronomy 14:15 The owl, the nighthawk, the cuckoo, and different kinds of hawks,
Deuteronomy 14:16 The small owl, the big owl, and the swan,
Deuteronomy 14:17 The pelican, the vulture, and the cormorant,
Deuteronomy 14:18 The stork, the heron and its kinds, the lapwing, and the bat.
Deuteronomy 14:19 Every crawling creature that flies is impure to you; do not eat them.
Deuteronomy 14:20 You can eat all clean birds.
Deuteronomy 14:21 Do not eat any animal that dies on its own. You can give it to the foreigners living in your town, so they can eat it, or you can sell it to someone from another country. You are a special people to God. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk.
Deuteronomy 14:22 You must give one tenth of all your crops' yearly growth as an offering.
Deuteronomy 14:23 You will eat before God in the place he chooses for his name, the tenth part of your grain, wine, and oil, and the firstborn of your cattle and sheep; so you can learn to always respect God.
Deuteronomy 14:24 If the journey is too long for you and you can't carry your offerings, or if the place God chooses for his name is too far, where God has blessed you:
Deuteronomy 14:25 Then you will change it to money, hold the money in your hand, and go to the place that God chooses.
Deuteronomy 14:26 Use that money to buy whatever you want: cattle, sheep, wine, or any drink you desire. Then eat there in the presence of God and celebrate with your household.
Deuteronomy 14:27 Do not neglect the Levite living in your towns, for they have no share or inheritance of their own among you.
Deuteronomy 14:28 After three years, you must take one-tenth of your crops from that year and store it in your town.
Deuteronomy 14:29 The Levite, who has no share or property with you, and the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow living in your towns may come, eat, and have enough, so that God may bless you in everything you do.

Deuteronomy 15:1 Every seven years, you must forgive debts.
Deuteronomy 15:2 This is how the release works: Everyone who has lent something to their neighbor must forgive the debt; they must not demand it back from their neighbor or relative, because it is known as God's time for forgiveness.
Deuteronomy 15:3 You can require a foreigner to repay a debt, but you must let your own people go free without repayment.
Deuteronomy 15:4 Help those in need until no one is poor among you, because God will bless you greatly in the land God gives you as your own.
Deuteronomy 15:5 If you listen carefully to God's voice and follow all these commands I give you today.
Deuteronomy 15:6 God blesses you as he promised, and you will lend to many nations but not borrow; you will rule over many nations, but they won't rule over you.
Deuteronomy 15:7 If there is a poor man from your people in any of your towns in the land God is giving you, do not be hard-hearted or close your hand to your poor brother.
Deuteronomy 15:8 You should open your hand generously to him and lend him enough for what he needs.
Deuteronomy 15:9 Be careful not to think evil thoughts, like "The seventh year, the year to forgive debts, is near," and then look badly at your poor brother and give him nothing. If he calls out to God against you, it will be a sin for you.
Deuteronomy 15:10 You must definitely give to him, and don't feel sad when you do because God will bless you in everything you do and in all your efforts.
Deuteronomy 15:11 The poor will always be in the land, so I command you to generously help your brother, the poor, and the needy in your land.
Deuteronomy 15:12 If your brother, a Hebrew man or woman, is sold to you and works for you for six years, you must set them free in the seventh year.
Deuteronomy 15:13 When you set him free, do not send him away with nothing.
Deuteronomy 15:14 You should generously provide for him from your flock, your grain, and your winepress. Give to him from the blessings God has given you.
Deuteronomy 15:15 Remember you were a slave in Egypt, and God saved you; that's why I give you this command today.
Deuteronomy 15:16 If he tells you, "I will not leave you," because he loves you and your household and is happy with you;
Deuteronomy 15:17 Then you will take a sharp tool and pierce his ear to the door, and he will be your servant forever. Do the same for your female servant.
Deuteronomy 15:18 It won't feel difficult for you when you set him free; for he was as good as two paid workers for you, working six years: and God will bless you in everything you do.
Deuteronomy 15:19 You must set apart for God all the firstborn male animals from your herds and flocks. Don't use the firstborn of your cow for work, and don't cut the wool of the firstborn of your sheep.
Deuteronomy 15:20 You will eat it in front of God every year at the place God will choose, you and your family.
Deuteronomy 15:21 If it has any flaws, like being lame or blind or having any other serious defect, do not offer it as a sacrifice to God.
Deuteronomy 15:22 You should eat it inside your gates: both people who are unclean and those who are clean can eat it, just like they would eat a gazelle or a deer.
Deuteronomy 15:23 You must not eat the blood; you must pour it out on the ground like water.

Deuteronomy 16:1 Watch for the month of Abib and celebrate the Passover to honor God, because in the month of Abib, God freed you from Egypt during the night.
Deuteronomy 16:2 You must therefore sacrifice the Passover to God, from your flocks and herds, at the place God will choose to be honored.
Deuteronomy 16:3 Do not eat any bread with yeast for seven days; eat only unleavened bread, the bread of suffering, because you left Egypt quickly. This way, you will remember the day you left Egypt for as long as you live.
Deuteronomy 16:4 You must not have any yeast bread with you anywhere in your land for seven days. Also, do not keep any of the meat you sacrifice on the first evening until the next day.
Deuteronomy 16:5 You must not sacrifice the Passover in any of your towns that God gives you.
Deuteronomy 16:6 But at the place God chooses for his name to live, there you must offer the Passover sacrifice in the evening, when the sun sets, on the anniversary of your departure from Egypt.
Deuteronomy 16:7 You should cook and eat it in the place God chooses. In the morning, you will return and go to your tents.
Deuteronomy 16:8 For six days you will eat bread without yeast, and on the seventh day there will be a special gathering to honor God. You should not do any work on that day.
Deuteronomy 16:9 Count seven weeks for yourself; start counting the seven weeks when you begin to cut the grain.
Deuteronomy 16:10 Celebrate the Festival of Weeks for God with a gift you choose to give, based on how much God has blessed you.
Deuteronomy 16:11 You will be happy in front of God, together with your son, your daughter, your male and female servants, the Levite who lives in your town, the foreigners, the orphans, and the widows among you, in the place God has chosen for His name to be honored.
Deuteronomy 16:12 Remember you were a slave in Egypt, and you must follow and obey these laws.
Deuteronomy 16:13 Celebrate the Festival of Shelters for seven days after you have collected your grain and wine.
Deuteronomy 16:14 You should be happy during your feast—you, your son, your daughter, your male servant, your female servant, the Levite, the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow who live in your towns.
Deuteronomy 16:15 Celebrate a special festival for God for seven days at the place God picks, because God will bless all you earn and all you do, so you will be truly happy.
Deuteronomy 16:16 Three times a year, all your men must go to the place God chooses; for the Festival of Unleavened Bread, the Festival of Weeks, and the Festival of Tabernacles. They must not come to God empty-handed.
Deuteronomy 16:17 Everyone should give what they can, based on the blessings God has given you.
Deuteronomy 16:18 Appoint judges and officials for each of your towns that God gives you, for all your tribes, and they must make fair decisions for the people.
Deuteronomy 16:19 You must not twist justice; you must not favor certain people, nor accept bribes, because bribes blind the eyes of the wise and twist the words of the good.
Deuteronomy 16:20 Always do what is fair and right so you may live and receive the land God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 16:21 Do not plant any kind of trees close to God's altar that you make for yourself.
Deuteronomy 16:22 Do not set up any idol; God hates that.

Deuteronomy 17:1 Do not offer to God any bull or sheep that has a defect or any bad quality, because that is something God hates.
Deuteronomy 17:2 If you find someone in any of your towns that God gave you, man or woman, who has done evil in God's eyes by breaking his agreement,
Deuteronomy 17:3 He left to serve other gods and worshiped them, the sun, moon, or any stars, which I did not command.
Deuteronomy 17:4 If someone tells you about this and you hear it, then you carefully check and find out it's true and this terrible thing has happened in Israel.
Deuteronomy 17:5 Then you must take the man or woman who did the evil thing to your city gates, and stone them to death.
Deuteronomy 17:6 If two or three people say someone must die, then they can be killed; but if only one person says it, they cannot be killed.
Deuteronomy 17:7 The witnesses must be the first to punish him with death, and then everyone else. This is how you will remove evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 17:8 If you face a difficult case in court, whether it's a dispute about harm, legal claims, or injury, which is causing conflict in your community, then you should go to the location that God has selected.
Deuteronomy 17:9 You will go to the Levite priests and the judge who is in office at that time and ask; and they will tell you the decision of the court.
Deuteronomy 17:10 You must follow the decision the leaders at the place God chooses give you; do everything they tell you.
Deuteronomy 17:11 Follow the law they teach you and the decision they give you without turning to the right or left from what they tell you.
Deuteronomy 17:12 If someone acts arrogantly and does not listen to the priest serving before God, or to the judge, that person must be put to death. This will remove the evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 17:13 Everyone will hear, be afraid, and stop acting arrogantly.
Deuteronomy 17:14 When you arrive in the land that God gives you, and you live there, and you decide, "I want to have a king like the other nations around me;"
Deuteronomy 17:15 You must definitely make the man whom God chooses the king over you; he must be one of your own people. Do not make a foreigner who is not your brother your king.
Deuteronomy 17:16 He should not collect many horses, or make the people go back to Egypt to get more horses, because God told you not to go back that way again.
Deuteronomy 17:17 He must not have many wives so his heart won’t be led astray; nor should he gather lots of silver and gold for himself.
Deuteronomy 17:18 When he becomes king and sits on his throne, he must write for himself a copy of this law from the book in the presence of the Levite priests.
Deuteronomy 17:19 He should keep it with him and read it every day of his life. This will help him respect God and follow all the instructions and rules written in it.
Deuteronomy 17:20 So that he doesn't think he's better than his brothers, and so he doesn't ignore God's commandments, either by going too far right or left, so that he and his children may live a long time ruling over Israel.

Deuteronomy 18:1 The Levite priests and the whole Levi tribe won't have any property or share with Israel. They will eat the food given to God by fire and his share.
Deuteronomy 18:2 So they will not receive land among their brothers; God is their share, as he told them.
Deuteronomy 18:3 The priest should get this from the people who give a sacrifice, whether it's a cow or sheep: they must give the priest the shoulder, both cheeks, and the stomach.
Deuteronomy 18:4 Give the first of your grain, wine, oil, and the first wool from your sheep to him.
Deuteronomy 18:5 God has chosen him from all your tribes to serve in God's name, him and his sons forever.
Deuteronomy 18:6 If a Levite arrives from any of your towns throughout Israel where he has been staying, and he comes with all his heart's desire to the location God has chosen;
Deuteronomy 18:7 He will serve in God's name, like his fellow Levite priests who serve before God.
Deuteronomy 18:8 They will have equal shares to eat, in addition to what comes from selling their family inheritance.
Deuteronomy 18:9 When you go into the land that God is giving you, do not learn to do the terrible things that those nations do.
Deuteronomy 18:10 No one among you should make their son or daughter go through fire, use magic, tell the future, cast spells, or be a witch.
Deuteronomy 18:11 A person who charms, talks to spirits, practices magic, or communicates with the dead.
Deuteronomy 18:12 Everyone who does these things is hated by God, and because of these hateful acts, God pushes them away from you.
Deuteronomy 18:13 You should be without fault with God.
Deuteronomy 18:14 The countries you will take over listened to fortune-tellers and diviners, but God has not allowed you to do that.
Deuteronomy 18:15 God will send a Prophet from among your own people, like me; you should listen to him.
Deuteronomy 18:16 Just as you asked God at Horeb on the gathering day, saying, "I don't want to hear God's voice again, nor see this big fire, so that I won't die."
Deuteronomy 18:17 God told me, "They have said good things."
Deuteronomy 18:18 I will bring up a Prophet from among their brothers, like you, and will put my words in his mouth; he will tell them everything I command him.
Deuteronomy 18:19 If anyone doesn't listen to my words that he speaks in my name, I will hold them accountable.
Deuteronomy 18:20 But the prophet who dares to say something in my name that I didn't tell him to say, or speaks in the name of other gods, will die.
Deuteronomy 18:21 If you think, "How can we tell what words God hasn't spoken?"
Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet claims to speak for God, if what they say doesn't happen, it is not a message from God. The prophet spoke arrogantly. You should not fear them.

Deuteronomy 19:1 When God has destroyed the nations whose land God gives you, and you take their place, living in their cities and houses;
Deuteronomy 19:2 You must set aside three cities in the middle of your land that God gives you to own.
Deuteronomy 19:3 Make a road and split your land that God gives you into three parts so anyone who kills can escape there.
Deuteronomy 19:4 This is about the person who accidentally kills someone and runs away to a safe place to stay alive: it’s for someone who kills their neighbor without meaning to and didn't hate them before.
Deuteronomy 19:5 When a man goes to the forest with his neighbor to cut wood, and while swinging the axe to chop down the tree, the axe head comes off the handle and hits his neighbor and kills him; the man should run to one of those cities for safety and live.
Deuteronomy 19:6 So that the person seeking revenge doesn't chase the killer while angry, catch him because the distance is far, and kill him, even though the killer didn't deserve to die as he had no previous hatred towards the victim.
Deuteronomy 19:7 So I order you, 'Set aside three cities for yourself.'
Deuteronomy 19:8 If God expands your territory as he promised your ancestors and gives you all the land he promised to them;
Deuteronomy 19:9 If you follow all these commandments I give you today, to love God and always walk in his ways, then you will have three more cities in addition to the three you already have.
Deuteronomy 19:10 Do not let innocent blood be shed in your land, which God gives you as an inheritance, or you will be guilty.
Deuteronomy 19:11 If anyone hates their neighbor, plans to harm them, attacks and kills them, and then runs to one of these cities:
Deuteronomy 19:12 The leaders of his city will send for him, take him from there, and hand him over to the person seeking revenge so that he can be put to death.
Deuteronomy 19:13 Do not feel sorry for him, but remove the guilt of innocent blood from Israel so that things will go well for you.
Deuteronomy 19:14 Do not move the boundary markers set long ago on the land that is your inheritance, which you will receive in the land God has given you to own.
Deuteronomy 19:15 One person alone cannot accuse someone of a wrongdoing or sin; it must be confirmed by the statement of two or three witnesses.
Deuteronomy 19:16 If someone lies about another person, saying they did something bad;
Deuteronomy 19:17 The two men who disagree will stand before God, in front of the priests and judges at that time.
Deuteronomy 19:18 The judges must carefully investigate; and if they find out the witness lied about their brother.
Deuteronomy 19:19 Then you must do to him what he planned to do to his brother; this way you will remove the evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 19:20 Those left will hear, be afraid, and will not do any more evil like that among you.
Deuteronomy 19:21 Do not feel sorry; life must be given for life, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a hand for a hand, a foot for a foot.

Deuteronomy 20:1 When you go to fight against your enemies and you see horses and chariots and a bigger army than yours, don't be scared of them: because God who brought you out of Egypt is with you.
Deuteronomy 20:2 When you are close to the battle, the priest will come forward and talk to the people.
Deuteronomy 20:3 Listen, Israel, today you are going into battle against your enemies. Do not be weak-hearted, do not be afraid, do not shake with fear, and do not be scared of them.
Deuteronomy 20:4 God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies and to save you.
Deuteronomy 20:5 The leaders will talk to the people and ask, "Is there anyone who has built a new house but hasn't dedicated it yet? He should go home, so he doesn't die in the fight and someone else dedicates his house."
Deuteronomy 20:6 Who is the man who has planted a vineyard and has not eaten any of its fruit yet? He should go home, so he doesn't die in battle and someone else eats the fruit.
Deuteronomy 20:7 If a man is engaged to be married and has not yet married her, he should go back to his home so he won't die in the battle and another man marry her.
Deuteronomy 20:8 The leaders will speak again to the people and ask, "Is there anyone who is scared and weak-hearted? He should go back to his home so he doesn't make his fellow soldiers lose courage like he has."
Deuteronomy 20:9 When the officers finish talking to the people, they will appoint leaders to guide the soldiers.
Deuteronomy 20:10 When you come close to a city to battle it, first offer peace to it.
Deuteronomy 20:11 If the city responds peacefully and welcomes you, then everyone in the city will pay you tribute and serve you.
Deuteronomy 20:12 If it does not agree to peace with you and wants to fight, then surround and attack it.
Deuteronomy 20:13 When God gives you victory, you must kill every man there with your sword.
Deuteronomy 20:14 But take the women, children, animals, and everything else in the city for yourself, including all the goods; and you can use what you take from your enemies, which God has given you.
Deuteronomy 20:15 Do this to all the distant cities not part of these nations.
Deuteronomy 20:16 But from the towns of these nations, which God gives you as a possession, you must not let anything that breathes live.
Deuteronomy 20:17 You must completely destroy them: the Hittites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, just as God has commanded you.
Deuteronomy 20:18 Make sure they don't teach you to follow their terrible ways that they practice for their gods; if you do, you will sin against God.
Deuteronomy 20:19 When you surround a city for a long time, fighting to capture it, do not ruin its trees by chopping them down with an axe. You can eat their fruit, but do not cut them down, because trees in the field are not your enemy to use in the siege.
Deuteronomy 20:20 Destroy only the trees you know are not for food; cut them down and use them to make defenses against the city at war with you, until it surrenders.

Deuteronomy 21:1 If a dead person is found in the land that God is giving you, lying in the field, and nobody knows who killed him:
Deuteronomy 21:2 Then your leaders and judges will come out, and they will measure to the towns around where the person was killed.
Deuteronomy 21:3 The closest city to the dead man, the city's leaders must take a cow that hasn't worked or pulled a plow.
Deuteronomy 21:4 The leaders of the city must take the cow to a rocky valley that has not been plowed or planted, and they must cut off the cow's head there in the valley.
Deuteronomy 21:5 The Levi priests should come forward; God has chosen them to serve Him and to give blessings in God's name. They will decide all arguments and cases.
Deuteronomy 21:6 All the leaders of the city closest to the man who was killed must wash their hands over the cow that is killed in the valley.
Deuteronomy 21:7 They will reply, "Our hands did not kill this person, and our eyes did not see it."
Deuteronomy 21:8 Be kind, God, to your people Israel, whom you have saved, and do not blame them for the killing of innocent people. Then they will be forgiven for that blood.
Deuteronomy 21:9 Do what is right to clear yourself of any blame for innocent blood, just as God sees right.
Deuteronomy 21:10 When you go out to fight your enemies, and God gives them to you, and you take them as prisoners,
Deuteronomy 21:11 If you see a beautiful woman among the prisoners and want her as your wife;
Deuteronomy 21:12 You will bring her to your house, and she will shave her head and trim her nails.
Deuteronomy 21:13 She must take off her captive clothes, stay in your house, and cry for her parents for a month. After that, you can marry her, and she will be your wife.
Deuteronomy 21:14 If you no longer like her, you must let her go wherever she wants; do not sell her for money or treat her as an item to sell, because you have dishonored her.
Deuteronomy 21:15 If a man has two wives, one he loves and one he does not, and they both have children for him, the loved and the unloved; and if the oldest son is the son of the unloved wife:
Deuteronomy 21:16 When he gives his children what he owns, he must not favor the son of the woman he loves over his first son by the woman he does not love.
Deuteronomy 21:17 He must recognize the son from the unloved wife as the firstborn, giving him twice as much as he has because he was the father's first sign of strength; this son has the right of the firstborn.
Deuteronomy 21:18 If a man has a son who is stubborn and refuses to obey his father or his mother, and does not listen to them even after they correct him:
Deuteronomy 21:19 His father and mother will take him and bring him to the city elders at the town gate.
Deuteronomy 21:20 They will tell the city elders, "Our son is stubborn and won't listen to us. He eats and drinks too much."
Deuteronomy 21:21 Everyone from his town must throw stones at him until he dies. This removes the evil from your community, and all of Israel will hear about it and be afraid.
Deuteronomy 21:22 If a man has done something that deserves death and he is to be executed, and you hang him on a tree:
Deuteronomy 21:23 Do not leave his body on the tree overnight; bury him that same day because anyone hung on a tree is under God's curse. Do this so that your land, which God is giving you as an inheritance, will not become unclean.

Deuteronomy 22:1 If you see your brother's ox or sheep lost, do not ignore them: you must return them to your brother.
Deuteronomy 22:2 If your brother is not close by or you don't know him, then take it to your house. Keep it until he looks for it, then give it back to him.
Deuteronomy 22:3 Treat your neighbor's donkey the same way; do the same with their clothes, and with anything they've lost that you find. You must not pretend you did not see it.
Deuteronomy 22:4 Do not ignore your neighbor's donkey or ox if they fall on the road; help your neighbor to get them back on their feet.
Deuteronomy 22:5 A woman should not wear men’s clothes, and a man should not wear women’s clothes; everyone who does this is doing something God hates.
Deuteronomy 22:6 If you find a bird's nest in a tree or on the ground with chicks or eggs and the mother is with the chicks or eggs, you must not take the mother with the young.
Deuteronomy 22:7 You must definitely let the mother bird go and only take the young birds for yourself; this will lead to your well-being and you will live a longer life.
Deuteronomy 22:8 When you build a new house, make a safety rail for your roof, so no one falls off and causes death, making you responsible.
Deuteronomy 22:9 Do not plant different kinds of seeds in your vineyard: if you do, the crops you have planted and your vineyard's fruits will be ruined.
Deuteronomy 22:10 Do not use an ox and a donkey together for plowing.
Deuteronomy 22:11 Do not wear clothes made of both wool and linen together.
Deuteronomy 22:12 Make tassels on the four corners of the clothes you wear.
Deuteronomy 22:13 If a man marries a woman, is intimate with her, and then dislikes her,
Deuteronomy 22:14 Talk against her, say she has a bad reputation, and claim, "I married this woman, but when I went to her, I discovered she was not a virgin."
Deuteronomy 22:15 Then the girl's father and mother must show proof of her virginity to the city leaders at the gate.
Deuteronomy 22:16 The girl's father will tell the leaders, "I gave my daughter to this man to be his wife, and he hates her."
Deuteronomy 22:17 Look, he claims your daughter was not a virgin, but here is proof of her virginity. They will show this cloth to the city elders.
Deuteronomy 22:18 The leaders of the city will take that man and punish him.
Deuteronomy 22:19 They must fine him one hundred silver coins, give them to the girl's father, because he gave her a bad reputation in Israel: and she must become his wife; he can't divorce her as long as he lives.
Deuteronomy 22:20 If this is true and the girl's proof of virginity is not there:
Deuteronomy 22:21 They will take the girl to the entrance of her father's home, and the men of her town will stone her to death. This is because she did a disgraceful thing in Israel by being sexually immoral in her father's house. This way, you will remove the evil from among you.
Deuteronomy 22:22 If a man is caught sleeping with a married woman, both of them must die, the man and the woman, to remove evil from Israel.
Deuteronomy 22:23 If an engaged woman who is a virgin is found in the city by a man, and he sleeps with her;
Deuteronomy 22:24 Take both of them to the city gate and throw stones at them until they die. The woman because she did not scream for help in the city, and the man because he slept with another man's wife. This way, you will get rid of the evil among you.
Deuteronomy 22:25 If a man meets an engaged woman in the field, forces her, and sleeps with her, only the man who slept with her must die.
Deuteronomy 22:26 Do nothing to the girl; she has committed no sin deserving death. It's like when someone attacks and kills their neighbor; this case is the same.
Deuteronomy 22:27 He found her in the field, the engaged girl screamed, and no one was there to save her.
Deuteronomy 22:28 If a man meets a young woman who is a virgin not promised in marriage, and he seizes her and sleeps with her, and they are discovered;
Deuteronomy 22:29 The man who slept with her must pay the woman's father fifty silver coins, and she will become his wife. Since he dishonored her, he cannot divorce her as long as he lives.
Deuteronomy 22:30 A man must not marry his father's wife or have relations with her.

Deuteronomy 23:1 Anyone with damaged testicles or a severed penis cannot join God's assembly.
Deuteronomy 23:2 A child born outside of marriage cannot join God's assembly; not even their descendants up to ten generations can join.
Deuteronomy 23:3 An Ammonite or Moabite may not join God's people; not even their descendants to the tenth generation can ever join.
Deuteronomy 23:4 Because they did not meet you with food and water when you left Egypt, and because they paid Balaam, son of Beor from Pethor in Mesopotamia, to curse you.
Deuteronomy 23:5 But God didn't listen to Balaam; instead, God changed the curse into a blessing for you, because God loved you.
Deuteronomy 23:6 Do not look for their peace or well-being at any time, forever.
Deuteronomy 23:7 Do not dislike an Edomite; he is your relative. Do not dislike an Egyptian; you were once a foreigner in his country.
Deuteronomy 23:8 The children born to them will be allowed to join God's community in their third generation.
Deuteronomy 23:9 When the army goes out against your enemies, stay away from all evil things.
Deuteronomy 23:10 If anyone among you becomes unclean because of something that happens to him at night, he must go outside the camp and not return.
Deuteronomy 23:11 When evening arrives, he must wash himself with water; and after sunset, he can return to the camp.
Deuteronomy 23:12 You must have a place outside the camp to which you can go as needed.
Deuteronomy 23:13 You should carry a tool with your weapon. When you need to use the bathroom outside, dig a hole with it, do your business, then cover it up afterwards.
Deuteronomy 23:14 God walks in the middle of your camp to save you and to defeat your enemies ahead of you; so your camp must be sacred so that God does not see anything dirty in you and leave you.
Deuteronomy 23:15 Do not return to their owner a servant who has run away from them to you.
Deuteronomy 23:16 He will live with you, in the place he picks within your gates, where he prefers: do not mistreat him.
Deuteronomy 23:17 No woman of Israel shall be a prostitute, and no man of Israel shall be a male prostitute.
Deuteronomy 23:18 Do not bring money earned from a prostitute or from selling a dog to God's house to keep a promise, because both of these are disgusting to God.
Deuteronomy 23:19 Do not charge your brother interest on money, food, or anything else that you lend with interest.
Deuteronomy 23:20 You may charge interest when you lend to a stranger, but not to your own people, so that God may bless everything you do in the land you are entering to own.
Deuteronomy 23:21 When you make a promise to God, you must not delay in fulfilling it, because God will definitely expect it from you; otherwise, it will be a sin for you.
Deuteronomy 23:22 If you choose not to make a promise, you will not be sinning.
Deuteronomy 23:23 Do what you have said; fulfill your voluntary promise to God, just as you vowed with your own words.
Deuteronomy 23:24 When you go into your neighbor's vineyard, you can eat as many grapes as you want for your own enjoyment, but you must not take any away in a container.
Deuteronomy 23:25 When you go into your neighbor's grain field, you can pick ears by hand, but you must not cut your neighbor's grain with a sickle.

Deuteronomy 24:1 When a man gets married and then doesn't like his wife because he sees something wrong with her, he should write her a divorce paper, give it to her, and make her leave his house.
Deuteronomy 24:2 When she leaves his house, she can go and become another man's wife.
Deuteronomy 24:3 If her second husband dislikes her, writes her a divorce paper, gives it to her, and sends her out of his house, or if the second husband dies, who married her.
Deuteronomy 24:4 Her first husband, who divorced her, cannot marry her again after she has been with someone else. This is wrong in God's eyes. Do not make the land God has given you as your own do wrong things.
Deuteronomy 24:5 When a man marries a new wife, he should not have to fight in war or be given any tasks. Instead, he should spend a year at home and make his wife happy.
Deuteronomy 24:6 No one should take the lower or upper millstone as a guarantee; it is like taking a person's livelihood as security.
Deuteronomy 24:7 If someone is caught kidnapping a fellow Israelite, intending to enslave or sell them, that kidnapper must be put to death to rid your community of this evil.
Deuteronomy 24:8 Be careful with leprosy and follow closely all that the priest Levites tell you to do. Do it just as they were instructed.
Deuteronomy 24:9 Remember what God did to Miriam when you left Egypt.
Deuteronomy 24:10 When you lend something to your brother, do not enter his house to take his collateral.
Deuteronomy 24:11 You will wait outside, and the man you lend to will bring the item he's using for collateral outside to you.
Deuteronomy 24:12 If the man is poor, do not keep his collateral overnight.
Deuteronomy 24:13 You must give back what you took as security from him by sunset so he can sleep in his own clothes and then he will thank you. This will be a good thing for you in the eyes of God.
Deuteronomy 24:14 Do not mistreat a poor and needy worker, whether they are from your own people or from the foreigners in your land.
Deuteronomy 24:15 On the day he does the work, you must pay him, and not let the sun set before you do, because he is poor and needs the money. Otherwise, he might call out to God against you, and you would be guilty of sin.
Deuteronomy 24:16 Parents should not be killed for their children's actions, nor should children be killed for their parents' actions; a person should be killed only for their own wrongdoing.
Deuteronomy 24:17 Do not twist justice for foreigners or orphans, and do not take a widow's clothing as collateral.
Deuteronomy 24:18 Remember you were a slave in Egypt and God saved you from there: that's why I tell you to do this.
Deuteronomy 24:19 When you harvest your crops and forget a bundle in the field, do not go back to get it. Leave it for the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow, so God may bless you in all you do.
Deuteronomy 24:20 When you beat your olive tree, don't strip the branches: leave what's left for the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow.
Deuteronomy 24:21 When you pick grapes from your vineyard, don't go back over it: leave what's left for outsiders, orphans, and widows.
Deuteronomy 24:22 Remember you were a slave in Egypt, so I am commanding you to do this.

Deuteronomy 25:1 If people have a dispute and go to court, the judges should decide the case, declare the innocent person right, and find the guilty person at fault.
Deuteronomy 25:2 If a bad person deserves punishment, the judge will make him lie down and be hit in front of him, as many times as his wrong act deserves.
Deuteronomy 25:3 He may be hit with up to forty lashes, but no more, so that your brother is not disgraced in your eyes.
Deuteronomy 25:4 Do not cover the ox's mouth when it is working with the grain.
Deuteronomy 25:5 If two brothers live together and one dies without having children, his widow should not marry an outsider. Her husband's brother should marry her, fulfilling the brother-in-law's responsibility.
Deuteronomy 25:6 The first child she has will take his dead brother's place so his name will not be forgotten in Israel.
Deuteronomy 25:7 If the man does not want to marry his brother's widow, she should go to the town leaders at the gate and say, "My husband's brother won't continue his family name in Israel; he refuses his duty to me as my husband's brother."
Deuteronomy 25:8 The leaders of his town shall call him and talk to him; and if he insists and says, I don't want to marry her;
Deuteronomy 25:9 The brother's wife must come to him before the elders, take off his shoe, spit in his face, and say, "This is what happens to a man who won't carry on his brother's family."
Deuteronomy 25:10 In Israel, people will call his family 'The House of the Man Whose Shoe Was Taken Off.'
Deuteronomy 25:11 When men fight and one's wife tries to save her husband from the one hitting him by reaching out and grabbing his private parts:
Deuteronomy 25:12 Then you must cut off her hand and show her no pity.
Deuteronomy 25:13 You must not have different weights, big and small, in your bag.
Deuteronomy 25:14 Do not keep different sized measures, large and small, in your house.
Deuteronomy 25:15 You must use accurate and fair weights and measures so that you may live a long time in the land God is giving you.
Deuteronomy 25:16 Everyone who does these things, and all who act unfairly, are hated by God.
Deuteronomy 25:17 Remember what Amalek did to you on your journey after you left Egypt.
Deuteronomy 25:18 He attacked you on the journey, hitting all the weakest people at the back when you were tired and weak; he did not respect God.
Deuteronomy 25:19 So when God has given you peace from all your enemies around, in the land God gives you to own, you must erase all memory of Amalek from under the sky; do not forget this.

Deuteronomy 26:1 When you enter the land God is giving you as an inheritance, and you take possession of it and live there;
Deuteronomy 26:2 You must take some of the first fruits from your harvest, from the land that God gives you, put them in a basket, and go to the place God chooses for his name to live.
Deuteronomy 26:3 You will go to the priest who is serving at that time, and tell him, "I declare today to God that I have arrived in the land God promised to our ancestors to give to us."
Deuteronomy 26:4 The priest will take the basket from your hand and put it in front of God's altar.
Deuteronomy 26:5 You will say in front of God, "My father was a struggling Syrian, and he went down to Egypt and stayed there with just a few people, and there he became a large, strong, and numerous nation."
Deuteronomy 26:6 The Egyptians treated us badly, hurt us, and forced us into harsh slavery.
Deuteronomy 26:7 When we cried to God of our ancestors, God heard us and saw our suffering, our hard work, and our oppression.
Deuteronomy 26:8 God led us out of Egypt with great power, with a strong arm, with fearsome acts, and with miraculous signs.
Deuteronomy 26:9 God has led us to this place and given us this land, a land rich with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 26:10 And now, look, I have brought the first crops of the land that you, God, have given me. You will place them before God, and bow down before God.
Deuteronomy 26:11 You will be happy with every good thing that God has given to you, your family, the Levite, and the foreigner living with you.
Deuteronomy 26:12 When you finish taking a tenth part of all your crops every third year, the year for giving a tenth, and give it to the Levites, foreigners, orphans, and widows so they can have enough food in your towns and be satisfied.
Deuteronomy 26:13 Then you will say in front of God, "I have removed the sacred things from my house, and I have given them to the Levite, the foreigner, the orphan, and the widow, just as you commanded me. I have not broken your commands, nor have I forgotten them."
Deuteronomy 26:14 I have not eaten any of it while sad, nor have I used any for impure purposes, nor have I given any for the dead. But I have listened to God's voice and done everything you commanded me.
Deuteronomy 26:15 Look from your holy home in heaven and bless your people Israel and the land you gave us, like you promised our ancestors, a land filled with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 26:16 Today, God has told you to follow these rules and decisions: so you must obey them with all your heart and with all your soul.
Deuteronomy 26:17 You have promised today that God is your God, and to follow his ways, keep his rules, commands, and decisions, and to listen to his voice.
Deuteronomy 26:18 Today, God has declared you to be his special people, just as he promised, and you should follow all his commands.
Deuteronomy 26:19 God will make you greater than any other nation He created, in praise, reputation, and honor, so you will be a special people dedicated to God, just as He promised.

Deuteronomy 27:1 Moses and the leaders of Israel told the people, "Follow all the rules I give you today."
Deuteronomy 27:2 On the day you cross the Jordan into the land God is giving you, you must set up large stones and cover them with plaster.
Deuteronomy 27:3 Write all the words of this law on them when you cross over, so you can enter the land that God gives you, a land flowing with milk and honey, just as the God of your ancestors promised you.
Deuteronomy 27:4 So when you cross the Jordan River, set up these stones I tell you about today on Mount Ebal and cover them with plaster.
Deuteronomy 27:5 There you will make an altar for God using stones. Do not use any iron tools on the stones.
Deuteronomy 27:6 Make God's altar with unbroken stones, and offer burnt sacrifices to God on it.
Deuteronomy 27:7 Give peace offerings, eat them there, and be happy before God.
Deuteronomy 27:8 You should write all the words of this law clearly on the stones.
Deuteronomy 27:9 Moses and the Levite priests spoke to all Israel, saying, "Pay attention and listen, Israel; today you have become the people of God."
Deuteronomy 27:10 You must listen to God's voice and do what he commands, including his rules that I tell you today.
Deuteronomy 27:11 On that day, Moses gave the people these instructions:
Deuteronomy 27:12 These will stand on Mount Gerizim to bless the people when you have crossed the Jordan: Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Joseph, and Benjamin.
Deuteronomy 27:13 These will stand on Mount Ebal to pronounce curses: Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali.
Deuteronomy 27:14 The Levites will speak out and say to all the Israelite men in a loud voice,
Deuteronomy 27:15 May the person who makes any carved or metal idol, which God hates, made by an artist, and hides it, be cursed. And all the people will agree and say, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:16 May the one who disrespects his father or mother be cursed. And all the people shall agree, saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:17 May the person who moves his neighbor's property marker be cursed. All the people shall agree by saying, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:18 May the person who leads the blind astray be cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:19 May the one who twists the justice due to foreigners, orphans, and widows be cursed. And let all the people say, "So be it."
Deuteronomy 27:20 May the person who sleeps with his father's wife be cursed, for he shames his father. And all the people will agree by saying, Amen.
Deuteronomy 27:21 A person who sleeps with an animal is cursed. Everyone must agree to this by saying "Amen."
Deuteronomy 27:22 Let the person who sleeps with his half-sister or stepsister be cursed, and everyone will agree by saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:23 May the person who sleeps with his mother-in-law be cursed. And everyone will agree, saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:24 Someone who secretly hurts their neighbor is cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Yes."
Deuteronomy 27:25 May the person who takes money to kill an innocent be cursed. And everyone will agree.
Deuteronomy 27:26 Let the person who does not follow all the rules of these laws be cursed. And everyone will agree by saying, "Amen."

Deuteronomy 28:1 If you carefully listen to God and follow all the commands I give you today, God will make you greater than all other nations on Earth.
Deuteronomy 28:2 All these good things will come to you and be yours if you listen to God's voice.
Deuteronomy 28:3 You will be blessed in the city and blessed in the field.
Deuteronomy 28:4 You will be blessed with healthy children, good crops, many cattle, more cows, and lots of sheep.
Deuteronomy 28:5 Your basket and your storage will be blessed.
Deuteronomy 28:6 You will be blessed when you come in, and you will be blessed when you go out.
Deuteronomy 28:7 God will make your enemies who attack you defeated in front of you: they will approach you from one direction, but they will run away from you in seven different ways.
Deuteronomy 28:8 God will order blessings for you on your storage places and on everything you do; and he will bless you in the land God gives you.
Deuteronomy 28:9 God will make you his special people, just as he promised you, if you follow his commands and live as he wants you to.
Deuteronomy 28:10 Everyone on earth will know you are named after God, and they will fear you.
Deuteronomy 28:11 God will make you rich in belongings, in children, in livestock, and in crops on your land—the land God promised to your ancestors to give to you.
Deuteronomy 28:12 God will open his good treasure for you, the sky to send rain to your land at the right time, and he will bless all you do: you will lend to many countries, but you will not need to borrow.
Deuteronomy 28:13 God will make you the leader, not the follower; you will be on top, not on the bottom, if you listen to and follow God's commands that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 28:14 Do not turn away from any of the words I command you today, either to the right or to the left, to follow and serve other gods.
Deuteronomy 28:15 If you do not listen to God and do all his commands and rules that I give you today, then all these curses will come on you and catch you.
Deuteronomy 28:16 You will be cursed in the city and cursed in the field.
Deuteronomy 28:17 Your basket and your storage will be cursed.
Deuteronomy 28:18 Your children, your crops, your cattle, and your sheep will be cursed.
Deuteronomy 28:19 You will be cursed when you come in, and you will be cursed when you go out.
Deuteronomy 28:20 God will make you suffer, trouble you, and scold you in everything you try to do until you are ruined and die soon, all because you did evil things and turned away from me.
Deuteronomy 28:21 God will cause disease to stick to you until it wipes you out from the land you're going to take over.
Deuteronomy 28:22 God will strike you with wasting disease, fever, swelling, severe heat, the sword, blight, and mildew; these will chase you until you die.
Deuteronomy 28:23 The sky above you will be like metal, and the ground beneath you will be as hard as iron.
Deuteronomy 28:24 God will turn the rain of your land into powder and dust: it will come down from the sky on you until you are destroyed.
Deuteronomy 28:25 God will let you be defeated by your enemies: you will attack them from one direction, but run away in seven different directions, and you will be scattered among all the nations of the world.
Deuteronomy 28:26 Your dead body will become food for all the birds of the sky and the animals of the earth, and no one will scare them away.
Deuteronomy 28:27 God will punish you with sores, hemorrhoids, scabs, and itching that cannot be cured.
Deuteronomy 28:28 God will strike you with madness, blindness, and deep confusion.
Deuteronomy 28:29 You will feel around at midday like a blind person in the dark, and you will not succeed in what you do: you will always be mistreated and robbed, and no one will rescue you.
Deuteronomy 28:30 You will promise to marry a woman, but another man will be with her; you will build a house, but you won't live in it; you will plant a vineyard, but you won't pick its grapes.
Deuteronomy 28:31 Your ox will be killed while you watch, and you won't eat any of it. Your donkey will be forcefully taken from you and will not be returned. Your sheep will be handed over to your enemies, and you will have no one to save them.
Deuteronomy 28:32 Your sons and daughters will be given to another people, and you will watch, powerless and longing for them all day long; but you will not be able to do anything.
Deuteronomy 28:33 A nation you do not know will eat the crops from your land and all your hard work; you will be constantly oppressed and crushed.
Deuteronomy 28:34 You will go crazy from what you will see.
Deuteronomy 28:35 God will strike you with painful sores on your knees and legs that can't be cured, from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head.
Deuteronomy 28:36 God will take you and your chosen king to a foreign country that neither you nor your ancestors have heard of; there you will worship man-made gods of wood and stone.
Deuteronomy 28:37 You will become a wonder, a common saying, and an insult among all the nations where God takes you.
Deuteronomy 28:38 You will take a lot of seeds to the field but will harvest only a little because locusts will eat it.
Deuteronomy 28:39 You will plant vineyards and take care of them, but you will not drink the wine or pick the grapes; because worms will eat them.
Deuteronomy 28:40 You will have olive trees all around your land, but you will not use the oil on yourself; because your olives will drop off before they are ready.
Deuteronomy 28:41 You will have sons and daughters, but you won't enjoy them; they will be taken away as captives.
Deuteronomy 28:42 Locusts will eat all the trees and fruit in your land.
Deuteronomy 28:43 The foreigner living among you will rise above you, very high; and you will go down, very low.
Deuteronomy 28:44 He will lend to you, and you will not lend to him: he will be the leader, and you will follow.
Deuteronomy 28:45 All these curses will happen to you. They will chase you and catch you until you are destroyed, because you did not listen to God or follow his rules and laws that he gave you.
Deuteronomy 28:46 They will be on you as a sign and a marvel, and on your descendants forever.
Deuteronomy 28:47 Because you did not serve God with joy and a happy heart, even though you had plenty of everything;
Deuteronomy 28:48 You will serve your enemies that God will send against you, in hunger, thirst, being without clothes, and lacking everything. They will put an iron yoke on your neck until they have destroyed you.
Deuteronomy 28:49 God will send a nation against you from far away, from the end of the earth, fast like an eagle flies; a nation whose language you will not understand.
Deuteronomy 28:50 A nation with a scary face, that will not respect old people or be kind to the young.
Deuteronomy 28:51 He will eat your livestock and crops until you are ruined. He will not leave you any grain, wine, or oil, nor will he leave the calves of your cows or the lambs of your sheep until he has ruined you.
Deuteronomy 28:52 He will surround you at all your gateways until your tall and strong walls fall down, where you felt safe, all over your land. And he will surround you at all your gateways all over your land, which God has given you.
Deuteronomy 28:53 You will eat the fruit of your own body, the flesh of your sons and daughters, which God has given you, during the siege and hardship your enemies will cause you.
Deuteronomy 28:54 So the man who is gentle and delicate among you will become hard-hearted against his brother, his beloved wife, and the rest of his children he has left.
Deuteronomy 28:55 So he won't give any of his children's flesh, which he will eat, to others because he has nothing left during the siege and hardship when your enemies pressure you at all your gates.
Deuteronomy 28:56 The soft and gentle woman among you, who would not dare to put her foot on the ground because she is so refined and gentle, will look with hostility at her husband, her son, and her daughter.
Deuteronomy 28:57 She will turn against her newborn baby and the children she has given birth to. She will secretly eat them because she has nothing else during the siege and hardship your enemy will cause within your cities.
Deuteronomy 28:58 If you do not carefully follow all the words of this law written in this book and respect this wonderful and awe-inspiring name, God.
Deuteronomy 28:59 Then God will make your sicknesses very bad, and your descendants will also have serious, lasting diseases and severe, long-term illnesses.
Deuteronomy 28:60 God will cause you to suffer all the sicknesses you feared in Egypt, and they will stick with you.
Deuteronomy 28:61 God will bring upon you every sickness and plague not recorded in this book of law until you are destroyed.
Deuteronomy 28:62 You will become very few in number, though you were as numerous as the stars in the sky, because you did not obey God.
Deuteronomy 28:63 It will happen that just as God was happy to make things good for you and increase your numbers, so God will be happy to ruin you and make you disappear; and you will be taken away from the land you are about to take over.
Deuteronomy 28:64 God will scatter you among all nations, from one end of the earth to the other, and there you will worship other gods that you and your ancestors did not know, made of wood and stone.
Deuteronomy 28:65 In these countries, you will not be at ease, nor will your feet find rest. God will make your heart fearful, your eyesight weak, and your mind sad.
Deuteronomy 28:66 Your life will hang uncertain before you; you will be afraid all day and night, and will have no confidence about living.
Deuteronomy 28:67 In the morning, you will wish it were evening. In the evening, you will wish it were morning because of the fear in your heart and the terrible things you will see.
Deuteronomy 28:68 God will take you back to Egypt in ships, by the path I told you you'd never see again. There, you will be sold to your enemies as slaves, both men and women, but no one will buy you.

Deuteronomy 29:1 These are the words of the agreement that God told Moses to create with the people of Israel in Moab, in addition to the agreement he made with them at Horeb.
Deuteronomy 29:2 Moses spoke to all Israel, saying, "You have seen everything God did in Egypt to Pharaoh, his officials, and his land right before your eyes."
Deuteronomy 29:3 The big tests you saw, the signs, and amazing wonders.
Deuteronomy 29:4 But God has not given you a mind to understand, or eyes to see, or ears to hear, until today.
Deuteronomy 29:5 I have guided you for forty years in the desert: your clothes have not worn out, and your shoes have not worn out on your feet.
Deuteronomy 29:6 You haven't eaten bread or drunk wine or strong alcohol so that you may know that I am God.
Deuteronomy 29:7 When you arrived here, King Sihon of Heshbon and King Og of Bashan fought against us, and we defeated them.
Deuteronomy 29:8 We took their land and gave it as an inheritance to the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 29:9 So, keep and follow the words of this agreement, so you can succeed in everything you do.
Deuteronomy 29:10 Today, all of you are standing before God; your leaders, your elders, and your officials, along with every man from Israel.
Deuteronomy 29:11 Your children, your wives, and any outsiders living among you, from those who cut your wood to those who draw your water:
Deuteronomy 29:12 You should agree to a commitment with God, and to His promise, which God makes with you today.
Deuteronomy 29:13 So that today he may make you his own people, and be your God, just as he promised you, and as he pledged to your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Deuteronomy 29:14 I am making this promise and agreement not just with you.
Deuteronomy 29:15 But with everyone here today in front of God, and with those who are not here with us today.
Deuteronomy 29:16 You know how we lived in Egypt and how we traveled through the countries you went by.
Deuteronomy 29:17 You have seen their disgusting idols, made of wood, stone, silver, and gold, that were with them.
Deuteronomy 29:18 Make sure no one among you—man, woman, family, or group—turns away from God today to worship the gods of other lands. Make sure there's no one among you that grows bitter and poisonous like a harmful plant.
Deuteronomy 29:19 When he hears the words of this curse, he might tell himself he will be okay, even though he follows his own stubborn desires, leading to more and more wrong.
Deuteronomy 29:20 God will not forgive him, but then God's anger and jealousy will burn against that man, and all the curses written in this book will fall on him, and God will erase his name from under heaven.
Deuteronomy 29:21 God will set him apart for harm from all the tribes of Israel, following all the curses of the agreement written in this book of the law.
Deuteronomy 29:22 So that future generations of your children and newcomers from distant lands will ask, when they see the disasters and diseases that God has brought on the land;
Deuteronomy 29:23 The whole land is full of sulfur, salt, and ash, nothing can be planted, nothing grows, and no grass sprouts, just like when God destroyed Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim in his anger and fury.
Deuteronomy 29:24 All nations will ask, "Why has God acted this way towards this land? What does this fierce anger mean?"
Deuteronomy 29:25 People will say, "It's because they left the agreement with God that their ancestors had, which he made with them when he took them out of Egypt."
Deuteronomy 29:26 They left and served different gods, and bowed to them, gods they didn't know, and that God hadn't given to them.
Deuteronomy 29:27 God became very angry with this land and decided to bring all the curses written in this book upon it.
Deuteronomy 29:28 In anger, wrath, and deep displeasure, God removed them from their land and threw them into another land, where they are to this day.
Deuteronomy 29:29 Hidden things are for God, but what is shown is for us and our kids forever, so we can follow all of this law.

Deuteronomy 30:1 When all these things happen to you, the blessings and the curses I've told you about, and you think about them wherever you are because God has scattered you among the nations,
Deuteronomy 30:2 Go back to God, listen to Him, and follow everything I tell you today, you and your children, with all your heart and all your soul.
Deuteronomy 30:3 God will end your captivity, show you mercy, and bring you back from all the nations where God has spread you out.
Deuteronomy 30:4 If any of you are scattered to the farthest skies, God will bring you back from there.
Deuteronomy 30:5 God will take you to the land your fathers owned, you will own it; He will be good to you and increase your numbers more than your fathers.
Deuteronomy 30:6 God will change your heart and the hearts of your descendants so that you love God with all your heart and soul, and you will live.
Deuteronomy 30:7 God will give all these curses to your enemies and to those who hate and trouble you.
Deuteronomy 30:8 You will come back and listen to God, and follow all his orders that I give you today.
Deuteronomy 30:9 God will bless all the work you do, make you have many children, give you many animals, and make your land produce good crops, because God will take joy in making things good for you, just as He did for your ancestors.
Deuteronomy 30:10 If you listen to God's voice and follow His commands and rules written in this book of the law, and if you turn to God with all your heart and all your soul.
Deuteronomy 30:11 This command I give you today is not secret or hard to reach.
Deuteronomy 30:12 It's not up in heaven, so you don't need to ask, "Who will go up to heaven to get it for us, so we can listen and follow it?"
Deuteronomy 30:13 It's not across the sea, so you don't need to ask, "Who will cross the sea for us and bring it to us, so we can hear it and do it?"
Deuteronomy 30:14 The message is very close to you, in your mouth and in your heart, so you can do it.
Deuteronomy 30:15 Look, today I put in front of you life and what is good, and death and what is bad.
Deuteronomy 30:16 Today I tell you to love God, follow His paths, and obey His rules and laws, so you can live and have many children. God will bless you in the land you are going to make yours.
Deuteronomy 30:17 If your heart turns away and you don't listen, but instead you are led astray to worship and serve other gods;
Deuteronomy 30:18 I tell you today that you will certainly die and not live long in the land you're crossing the Jordan River to take over.
Deuteronomy 30:19 I tell heaven and earth today to witness against you: I have given you the choice between life and death, and between blessings and curses. So choose life, so that you and your children can live.
Deuteronomy 30:20 So you can love God, obey what he says, and stay close to him because he gives you life and a long time to live, so you can stay in the land God promised to your ancestors Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to give to them.

Deuteronomy 31:1 Moses went and said these things to all Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:2 He told them, "Today I am 120 years old; I can't lead you anymore. God also told me, 'You will not cross this Jordan river.'"
Deuteronomy 31:3 God will go ahead of you and will destroy the nations so you can take their land; and Joshua will lead you, just as God has promised.
Deuteronomy 31:4 God will do to them what he did to Sihon and Og, the Amorite kings, and their land, which he destroyed.
Deuteronomy 31:5 God will let you defeat them so you can follow all the rules I have given you.
Deuteronomy 31:6 Be strong and brave, don't be scared or fear them, because God, your God, is with you; he will not leave you or abandon you.
Deuteronomy 31:7 Moses called Joshua and told him in front of all Israel, "Be strong and brave, for you will lead these people to the land God promised to give their ancestors, and you will help them take it as their own."
Deuteronomy 31:8 God goes before you; He will be with you, He will not leave you or forget you; do not be scared or worried.
Deuteronomy 31:9 Moses wrote down the law and gave it to the Levite priests who carried God's covenant chest, and to all the leaders of Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:10 Moses told them, "Every seven years, at the appointed time in the year of debt cancellation, during the Festival of Shelters,
Deuteronomy 31:11 When all Israel comes to meet God at the place He will choose, you must read this law to all Israel so they can hear it.
Deuteronomy 31:12 Bring everyone together, men, women, and children, and any outsiders living with you, so they can listen, learn to respect God, and follow all the teachings of this law.
Deuteronomy 31:13 So that your children, who do not know anything, can listen and learn to respect God, as you live in the land you are going to take over across the Jordan.
Deuteronomy 31:14 God told Moses, "Look, your time to die is near: call Joshua, and both of you come to the meeting tent, so I can give him instructions." Moses and Joshua went and stood in the meeting tent.
Deuteronomy 31:15 God appeared in the tent as a cloud pillar, and the cloud pillar stayed above the tent's entrance.
Deuteronomy 31:16 God said to Moses, "Look, you will die just like your ancestors did; and these people will betray me and follow the foreign gods of the land they are entering. They will leave me and break the agreement I have made with them."
Deuteronomy 31:17 On that day, I'll get very angry with them, leave them, and turn away from them. They will be destroyed and face many bad things and troubles. Then they will realize and say, "These bad things are happening because our God is not with us."
Deuteronomy 31:18 I will definitely hide my face on that day because of all the wrongs they have done, since they have turned to other gods.
Deuteronomy 31:19 Now, write down this song for yourselves and teach it to the people of Israel. Have them sing it, so it will stand as evidence against them.
Deuteronomy 31:20 When I bring them to the land I promised their ancestors, a land rich with milk and honey, they will eat, be satisfied, become prosperous, then they will turn to other gods, worship them, anger me, and break our agreement.
Deuteronomy 31:21 When they face many bad things and troubles, this song will stand as evidence against them because it will not be forgotten by their descendants. I am aware of their thoughts even now, before they enter the land I promised.
Deuteronomy 31:22 Moses wrote this song that day and taught it to the people of Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:23 God commanded Joshua, Nun's son, saying, "Be strong and brave, for you will lead the people of Israel into the land I promised them, and I will be with you."
Deuteronomy 31:24 When Moses finished writing the words of this law in a book,
Deuteronomy 31:25 Moses told the Levites who carried the covenant box of God, saying,
Deuteronomy 31:26 Take this law book and place it beside the covenant box of God, so it can be a witness against you.
Deuteronomy 31:27 I know you are rebellious and stubborn. Even while I am still alive with you today, you have rebelled against God; how much more will you do so after I die?
Deuteronomy 31:28 Bring to me all the tribe leaders and your officials so I can tell them these things and have heaven and earth witness against them.
Deuteronomy 31:29 I know that after I die, you will become corrupt and leave the path I commanded. Bad things will happen to you later because you will do wrong, making God angry with what you do.
Deuteronomy 31:30 Moses spoke to all the Israelites the words of this song until it was finished.

Deuteronomy 32:1 Listen, heavens, and I will talk; and listen, earth, to what I say.
Deuteronomy 32:2 My teaching will fall like rain, my words will settle like dew, like a light rain on new plants, and like showers on the grass.
Deuteronomy 32:3 I will tell everyone about God's name: say our God is great.
Deuteronomy 32:4 He is the Rock, His work is perfect; all His ways are fair. A God of truth, not doing wrong, just and upright is He.
Deuteronomy 32:5 They have made themselves bad; they are not like his children because they are a wrong and twisted group.
Deuteronomy 32:6 Are you repaying God like this, you foolish and senseless people? Isn't He your father who created you? Didn't He make and sustain you?
Deuteronomy 32:7 Think about the past and reflect on the years gone by. Ask your father, and he will teach you; talk to the older people, and they will explain it to you.
Deuteronomy 32:8 When God divided the lands among the nations, when he split up the people, he set the borders based on how many Israelites there were.
Deuteronomy 32:9 God's share is his people; Jacob is the group he has chosen to receive his inheritance.
Deuteronomy 32:10 He found him in a desert land, in a noisy empty wilderness; he led him around, taught him, and protected him like the pupil of his eye.
Deuteronomy 32:11 Like an eagle that stirs up its nest, hovers over its young, spreads its wings, takes them, and carries them on its wings.
Deuteronomy 32:12 God alone guided him, and there was no other god with him.
Deuteronomy 32:13 God let him ride on the earth's high places, to eat the crops from the fields; God let him taste honey from the rock and oil from the hard stone.
Deuteronomy 32:14 Butter from cows, and sheep's milk, with lamb's fat, and Bashan-bred rams, and goats, with wheat's creamy richness; and you drank grape juice, pure and rich.
Deuteronomy 32:15 Jeshurun grew fat and rebelled; you became fat, you got thick, you were filled with fat; then you left God who created you, and didn't value the God who saved you.
Deuteronomy 32:16 They made God jealous with foreign gods, and with hateful acts they made him angry.
Deuteronomy 32:17 They offered sacrifices to demons, not to God; to gods they did not know, to new gods that were recently made, that your ancestors did not fear.
Deuteronomy 32:18 You have forgotten the God who gave you life and ignored the one who made you.
Deuteronomy 32:19 When God saw it, he hated them because they angered his sons and daughters.
Deuteronomy 32:20 He said, "I will turn away from them and see what their future holds, because they are a difficult and unfaithful generation."
Deuteronomy 32:21 They made me jealous with things that are not God; they angered me with their useless actions. And I will make them jealous with those who are not a people; I will make them angry with a foolish nation.
Deuteronomy 32:22 My anger has started a fire that will burn to the deepest hell, destroy the earth and its crops, and set the mountain bases on fire.
Deuteronomy 32:23 I will bring many troubles upon them; I will use up my arrows against them.
Deuteronomy 32:24 They will suffer from severe hunger, extreme heat, and harsh destruction. I will also let wild animals attack them, and snakes from the ground will poison them.
Deuteronomy 32:25 Outside, the sword, and inside, fear, will kill the young man and the young woman, as well as the baby and the old man.
Deuteronomy 32:26 I said I would spread them out and make people forget them completely.
Deuteronomy 32:27 If I were not worried about our enemies' anger, they might act wrongly and claim, "We won by our own power, and God didn't do this."
Deuteronomy 32:28 They are a nation without guidance, and they have no understanding.
Deuteronomy 32:29 If only they were wise and understood this, so they would think about their future!
Deuteronomy 32:30 How can one person chase a thousand, or two people make ten thousand run away, unless their protector has abandoned them and God has trapped them?
Deuteronomy 32:31 Their rock is not like our God, even our enemies agree.
Deuteronomy 32:32 Their vine comes from Sodom's vines, and Gomorrah's fields: their grapes are bitter, their bunches are sour.
Deuteronomy 32:33 Their wine is like dragon poison and very cruel snake venom.
Deuteronomy 32:34 Isn't this kept with me and sealed in my treasures?
Deuteronomy 32:35 I am in charge of revenge and payback; their feet will slip when the time comes: because their disaster day is near, and the things that will happen to them will come quickly.
Deuteronomy 32:36 God will judge his people and change his mind for his servants when he sees their strength is gone and no one is confined or remaining.
Deuteronomy 32:37 He will ask, "Where are their gods, the rock they trusted in?"
Deuteronomy 32:38 Who ate the best parts of your offerings and drank your wine gifts? Let them get up and help you; let them protect you.
Deuteronomy 32:39 Understand now that I am the only God; there is no other god beside me. I can cause death or give life; I can injure or heal, and no one can rescue from my power.
Deuteronomy 32:40 I raise my hand to the sky and say, I will live forever.
Deuteronomy 32:41 If I sharpen my shiny sword, and my hand grabs justice, I will give payback to my enemies and repay those who hate me.
Deuteronomy 32:42 I will make my arrows soaked with blood, and my sword will consume flesh; with the blood of those killed and prisoners, from the first acts of revenge against the enemy.
Deuteronomy 32:43 Celebrate, all you nations, with God's people, because He will take revenge for His servants' blood, pay back His enemies, and be kind to His land and His people.
Deuteronomy 32:44 Moses came and told all the words of this song to the people, along with Hoshea, Nun's son.
Deuteronomy 32:45 Moses finished telling all these words to all Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:46 He told them, "Pay close attention to everything I am telling you today. Teach your children to follow all the instructions of this law."
Deuteronomy 32:47 This is not useless for you; it is your life. By doing this, you will live longer in the land you will own after crossing the Jordan.
Deuteronomy 32:48 On that same day, God spoke to Moses, saying,
Deuteronomy 32:49 Go up to Mount Abarim, to Mount Nebo in Moab, across from Jericho; and look at the land of Canaan, which I am giving to the Israelites as their own.
Deuteronomy 32:50 You will die on the mountain you are climbing and join your ancestors, just like your brother Aaron died on Mount Hor and joined his ancestors.
Deuteronomy 32:51 Because you disobeyed me among the Israelites at Meribah-Kadesh, in the Zin desert; because you did not honor me in front of the Israelites.
Deuteronomy 32:52 You will see the land in front of you, but you will not enter the land I am giving to the children of Israel.

Deuteronomy 33:1 This is the blessing that Moses, the man of God, gave to the Israelites before he died.
Deuteronomy 33:2 He said, God came from Sinai, appeared from Seir to them, shone from Mount Paran, and arrived with thousands of holy ones. From his right hand, a fiery command for them went out.
Deuteronomy 33:3 Yes, he loves the people; all his holy ones are in your care: and they sit at your feet; everyone will receive your words.
Deuteronomy 33:4 Moses gave us a law, which is the inheritance for the community of Jacob.
Deuteronomy 33:5 He became king in Jeshurun when the leaders and tribes of Israel came together.
Deuteronomy 33:6 Let Reuben live and not die, and may his people be many.
Deuteronomy 33:7 This is Judah's blessing: He said, "Listen, God, to Judah's voice, and bring him to his people. May his hands be strong enough for him, and help him against his enemies."
Deuteronomy 33:8 Of Levi he said, Let your objects of truth and decision stay with your holy one, whom you tested at Massah, and whom you argued with at Meribah's waters.
Deuteronomy 33:9 He told his father and mother, "I haven't seen him." He didn't recognize his brothers or know his children because they followed your instruction and kept your agreement.
Deuteronomy 33:10 They will teach Jacob your rules, and Israel your laws. They will offer incense to you, and complete burnt offerings on your altar.
Deuteronomy 33:11 God, bless his belongings, and accept what he does; strike down those who attack him, and those who hate him, so they don't get up again.
Deuteronomy 33:12 About Benjamin, he said, "God's loved one will live safely with Him; God will protect him always, and he will rest close to His heart."
Deuteronomy 33:13 And about Joseph he said, "May his land be blessed by God with the valuable gifts of heaven, with dew, and with water from beneath the earth."
Deuteronomy 33:14 For the valuable foods grown by the sun, and for the valuable things produced by the moon,
Deuteronomy 33:15 For the best parts of the old mountains, and for the valuable things of the eternal hills.
Deuteronomy 33:16 For the valuable things of the earth and its richness, and for the kindness of God who appeared in the bush: let the blessing rest on Joseph's head, and on the crown of the head of him who was set apart from his brothers.
Deuteronomy 33:17 His majesty is like that of a young bull, and his power is like the horns of unicorns. With it, he will gather people from all over the world. They are the many from Ephraim and the many from Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 33:18 God said about Zebulun, "Be happy, Zebulun, when you go out; and Issachar, be happy in your homes."
Deuteronomy 33:19 They will invite the people to the mountain; there they will give right sacrifices: for they will enjoy the riches of the seas, and the hidden treasures of the sand.
Deuteronomy 33:20 About Gad, he said, "Lucky is the one who makes Gad grow: he lives like a lion and rips off the arm and the top of the head."
Deuteronomy 33:21 He set aside the best land for himself because he took the lead in the law. He joined the leaders and made fair decisions for the people, following God's laws and rules with Israel.
Deuteronomy 33:22 About Dan, he said, "Dan is a young lion; he will jump out from Bashan."
Deuteronomy 33:23 Naphtali, you are content with favor and filled with God's blessings; take the west and the south.
Deuteronomy 33:24 Asher will be blessed with children, loved by his brothers, and have rich land.
Deuteronomy 33:25 Your shoes will be made of iron and brass; and your strength will last as long as your life.
Deuteronomy 33:26 No one is like the God of Jeshurun, who rides through the heavens to help you, and shows his greatness in the skies.
Deuteronomy 33:27 The forever God is your safe place, and his arms that last always are holding you up: he will push away your enemies from in front of you, and tell you to wipe them out.
Deuteronomy 33:28 Israel will live safely on its own; Jacob's descendants will have a place with fields of grain and vineyards; their sky will give them dew.
Deuteronomy 33:29 You are lucky, Israel: Who is like you, a people saved by God, your helper's shield and the sword of your greatness! Your enemies will be proven liars to you; and you will walk on their high places.

Deuteronomy 34:1 Moses went up from the Moab plains to Mount Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, across from Jericho. God showed him all the land of Gilead, as far as Dan.
Deuteronomy 34:2 All Naphtali, Ephraim's land, Manasseh, and all Judah's land, up to the farthest sea,
Deuteronomy 34:3 To the south, the flat land of Jericho's valley, the city with palm trees, up to Zoar.
Deuteronomy 34:4 God said to him, "This is the land that I promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. I said I would give it to your descendants. I have let you see it with your own eyes, but you will not cross over into it."
Deuteronomy 34:5 Moses, God's servant, died in Moab as God said.
Deuteronomy 34:6 He buried him in a valley in Moab, near Bethpeor, but no one knows his grave location to this day.
Deuteronomy 34:7 Moses was 120 years old when he died; his eyesight was still clear, and he was still strong.
Deuteronomy 34:8 The Israelites cried for Moses in the Moab plains for thirty days; after that, the time for crying and grieving for Moses was over.
Deuteronomy 34:9 Joshua, son of Nun, was filled with the spirit of wisdom because Moses had put his hands on him; so, the Israelites listened to him and did what God had told Moses.
Deuteronomy 34:10 No prophet like Moses has since appeared in Israel, someone whom God knew personally.
Deuteronomy 34:11 In all the miracles and amazing things that God told him to do in Egypt, to Pharaoh, his officials, and his whole country,
Deuteronomy 34:12 And with all the power and amazing acts that Moses performed for all Israel to see.

Joshua 1:1 After Moses, God's servant, died, God spoke to Joshua, Nun's son and Moses' assistant, saying,
Joshua 1:2 Moses, my servant, has died; now get up, cross the Jordan River, you and all these people, to the land I am giving to the Israelites.
Joshua 1:3 Every place where you step, I have given it to you, just as I promised Moses.
Joshua 1:4 From the desert and Lebanon to the big river, the Euphrates, all the Hittite land, and to the big sea where the sun sets, this will be your border.
Joshua 1:5 No one will be able to defeat you as long as you live. Just like I was with Moses, I will be with you; I won't let you down or abandon you.
Joshua 1:6 Be brave and confident, because you will give this nation the land as their inheritance that I promised to their ancestors.
Joshua 1:7 Be strong and brave, follow all the laws Moses gave you without turning from them, and you will succeed wherever you go.
Joshua 1:8 Keep this book of rules always in your speech; think about it all the time so you can be careful to do everything written in it. Then you'll succeed and do well.
Joshua 1:9 Didn't I command you? Be strong and brave; don't be scared or discouraged, for God is with you wherever you go.
Joshua 1:10 Joshua told the people's leaders, "
Joshua 1:11 Go through the camp and tell the people to get their food ready. In three days, you will cross the Jordan River to take over the land that God is giving you.
Joshua 1:12 Joshua spoke to the Reubenites, the Gadites, and half of the tribe of Manasseh, saying,
Joshua 1:13 Remember what Moses, God's servant, told you: God has given you rest and has given you this land.
Joshua 1:14 Your wives, children, and animals will stay in the land Moses gave you east of the Jordan River; but you must go ahead of your fellow Israelites ready for battle, all the brave soldiers, and help them.
Joshua 1:15 Stay until God gives your brothers rest, as he did for you, and they take over the land that God is giving them. After that, go back to your own land, which Moses, God's servant, gave you on the east side of the Jordan River where the sun rises.
Joshua 1:16 They told Joshua, "We will do everything you command, and we will go wherever you send us."
Joshua 1:17 Just like we listened to Moses in everything, we will listen to you too. But may God be with you just as he was with Moses.
Joshua 1:18 Anyone who disobeys your orders and doesn't listen to your words in everything you tell him must be put to death. Just be strong and brave.

Joshua 2:1 Joshua, Nun's son, sent two spies from Shittim, telling them, "Go, look over the land, especially Jericho." So they went and stayed at a prostitute named Rahab's house.
Joshua 2:2 The king of Jericho was told, "Look, men from Israel came here tonight to explore the land."
Joshua 2:3 The king of Jericho sent a message to Rahab, telling her, "Send out the men who came to you and entered your house, because they came to spy on the whole land."
Joshua 2:4 The woman took the two men, hid them, and said, "Some men came to me, but I didn't know where they were from."
Joshua 2:5 At the time when they closed the gate, at dark, the men left. I don't know where they went. Go after them fast, and you will catch up to them.
Joshua 2:6 She took them to the house's roof and hid them under the flax stalks she had spread out there.
Joshua 2:7 The men chased them toward the Jordan River crossings. When the chasers had passed by, they closed the gate.
Joshua 2:8 Before they went to bed, she went up to the roof to meet them.
Joshua 2:9 She told the men, "I know that God has given you the land, and we are all afraid of you, and everyone in the land is shaking in fear because of you."
Joshua 2:10 We heard how God made the Red Sea dry for you as you left Egypt, and what you did to the two Amorite kings across the Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom you totally destroyed.
Joshua 2:11 As soon as we heard this, we were very afraid and lost all our courage because of you, for your God is the God in heaven above and on the earth below.
Joshua 2:12 So now, please promise me by God that because I was kind to you, you will also be kind to my family, and give me a sign that you will keep your promise.
Joshua 2:13 Please promise you will keep my father, mother, brothers, sisters, and everything they own safe, and save us from death.
Joshua 2:14 The men said to her, "We will protect your life if you keep our plan secret. When God gives us the land, we will treat you well and honestly."
Joshua 2:15 She lowered them with a rope through the window because her house was on the city wall, where she lived.
Joshua 2:16 She told them, "Go to the mountain so the chasers don't find you; hide there for three days until the chasers go back; then you can leave."
Joshua 2:17 The men told her, "We won't be responsible for your promise that you made us swear to."
Joshua 2:18 Look, when we enter the land, you must tie this red cord in the window you used to help us escape. Then you must bring your father, mother, brothers, and all your family to stay with you.
Joshua 2:19 Anyone who leaves your house and goes into the street will be responsible for their own death, and we will not be to blame. But anyone who stays with you in the house, if they are hurt, we will be responsible.
Joshua 2:20 If you tell others about our agreement, we will be free from the promise you made us give.
Joshua 2:21 She said, "Okay, let's do as you said." She let them go, and they left. Then she tied the red cord in the window.
Joshua 2:22 They went to the mountain and stayed there for three days until those chasing them had gone back. The chasers looked for them everywhere on the road but didn't find them.
Joshua 2:23 The two men went back, came down the mountain, crossed over, and met Joshua, Nun's son, and told him everything that happened to them.
Joshua 2:24 They told Joshua, "God has really given us all the land; the people living there are scared of us."

Joshua 3:1 Joshua got up early in the morning; they left Shittim and went to the Jordan River, he and all the Israelites, and stayed there before crossing over.
Joshua 3:2 Three days later, the officers went among the people.
Joshua 3:3 They told the people, "When you see the Ark of God's covenant and the Levite priests carrying it, leave your spot and follow it."
Joshua 3:4 Stay about two thousand cubits away from it; do not go near it, so you can see the path you should take, because you have never traveled this way before.
Joshua 3:5 Joshua told the people, "Make yourselves holy, because tomorrow God will do amazing things among you."
Joshua 3:6 Joshua told the priests, "Carry the covenant chest and walk ahead of the people." So they carried the covenant chest and went in front of the people.
Joshua 3:7 God said to Joshua, "Today I will start to make you great in front of all Israel, so they will know that I will be with you just like I was with Moses."
Joshua 3:8 Tell the priests carrying God's covenant box, when you reach the edge of the Jordan River, to stand still in the water.
Joshua 3:9 Joshua told the people of Israel, "Come here and listen to what God says to you."
Joshua 3:10 Joshua said, "You will know that God is with you because he will surely push out the Canaanites, Hittites, Hivites, Perizzites, Girgashites, Amorites, and Jebusites from the land before you."
Joshua 3:11 Look, the box of God's promise, belonging to the God of the whole world, is going ahead of you into the Jordan River.
Joshua 3:12 Now choose twelve men from the tribes of Israel, one from each tribe.
Joshua 3:13 When the priests carrying God's covenant box step into the Jordan River, the water flowing from upstream will stop and stand up like a wall.
Joshua 3:14 When the people left their tents to cross the Jordan River, with the priests carrying God's covenant chest ahead of them;
Joshua 3:15 As those carrying the ark reached the Jordan River and the priests carrying the ark dipped their feet at the edge of the water (because the Jordan River overflows its banks during harvest season),
Joshua 3:16 The water flowing from above stopped and piled up far from the city Adam, near Zaretan. The water flowing toward the Salt Sea in the plain was stopped and dried up, and the people crossed over facing Jericho.
Joshua 3:17 The priests carrying God's covenant box stood on dry land in the middle of the Jordan River, and all the Israelites walked on dry land until everyone had completely crossed the Jordan.

Joshua 4:1 After everyone had crossed the Jordan River, God spoke to Joshua, saying,
Joshua 4:2 Choose twelve men from the people, one from each tribe.
Joshua 4:3 Tell them, 'Pick up twelve stones from where the priests stood in the Jordan River, carry them with you, and put them down where you stay tonight.'
Joshua 4:4 Then Joshua called the twelve men he had chosen from the Israelites, one from each tribe.
Joshua 4:5 Joshua said to them, "Go ahead of God's ark into the middle of the Jordan River, and each of you pick up a stone on your shoulder, one for each of the tribes of Israel's children."
Joshua 4:6 This will be a sign for you. When your children ask you in the future, "What do these stones mean to you?"
Joshua 4:7 You will tell them, "The waters of Jordan stopped flowing when the Ark of God's covenant crossed the river. The waters stopped, and these stones will always remind the people of Israel of this."
Joshua 4:8 The Israelites did as Joshua ordered and took twelve stones from the middle of the Jordan River, as God told Joshua, one for each tribe of Israel. They brought them to where they were staying and put them down there.
Joshua 4:9 Joshua placed twelve stones in the middle of the Jordan River where the priests carrying the covenant box had stood, and the stones remain there to this day.
Joshua 4:10 The priests who carried the ark stood in the middle of the Jordan River until all was done that God had told Joshua to tell the people, just as Moses had instructed Joshua; and the people hurried and crossed over.
Joshua 4:11 When all the people had finished crossing, the ark of God and the priests crossed in front of the people.
Joshua 4:12 The descendants of Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh's tribe crossed over ready for battle ahead of the Israelites, just as Moses had instructed them.
Joshua 4:13 About forty thousand ready for war went across to fight in the flat lands of Jericho before God.
Joshua 4:14 On that day, God made Joshua great in the eyes of all Israel, and they respected him just as they respected Moses, for his whole life.
Joshua 4:15 God spoke to Joshua, saying,
Joshua 4:16 Tell the priests carrying God's covenant chest to come up from the Jordan River.
Joshua 4:17 Joshua told the priests, "Come up from the Jordan."
Joshua 4:18 When the priests carrying God's covenant ark stepped out of the Jordan River and onto dry ground, the river's waters flowed back to their place and overflowed its banks as before.
Joshua 4:19 The people left the Jordan River on the tenth day of the first month and set up camp in Gilgal, near the eastern edge of Jericho.
Joshua 4:20 Joshua set up those twelve stones in Gilgal that they had taken from the Jordan.
Joshua 4:21 He told the Israelites, "When your children ask their fathers in the future, 'What do these stones mean?'
Joshua 4:22 You should tell your children, "Israel crossed the Jordan River on dry ground."
Joshua 4:23 God dried up the Jordan River for you to cross, just as He did with the Red Sea, letting us pass through.
Joshua 4:24 So that everyone in the world may know that God's power is great and that you should respect God always.

Joshua 5:1 When all the Amorite kings west of the Jordan and all the Canaanite kings by the sea learned that God had dried up the Jordan River so the Israelites could cross, their hearts sank, and they lost their courage because of the Israelites.
Joshua 5:2 At that time, God told Joshua, "Make sharp knives and circumcise the Israelites once more."
Joshua 5:3 Joshua made sharp knives and circumcised the Israelites at Foreskin Hill.
Joshua 5:4 Joshua circumcised the people because all the men who had left Egypt, the soldiers, had died in the desert after leaving Egypt.
Joshua 5:5 All the people who had left Egypt were circumcised, but those born in the desert during the journey from Egypt were not circumcised.
Joshua 5:6 The Israelites traveled in the desert for forty years until all the fighting men who left Egypt had died because they did not listen to God. God had promised he would not let them see the land he had told their ancestors he would give to us, a land filled with milk and honey.
Joshua 5:7 Joshua circumcised their children who replaced them because they were not circumcised since it was not done during their journey.
Joshua 5:8 After they circumcised everyone, they stayed in their camp spots until they were healed.
Joshua 5:9 God said to Joshua, "Today I have taken away the shame of Egypt from you. That's why the place is named Gilgal to this day."
Joshua 5:10 The Israelites camped at Gilgal and celebrated Passover on the evening of the fourteenth day of the month in the Jericho plains.
Joshua 5:11 They ate the old grain from the land the day after Passover, unleavened bread, and roasted grain on that very day.
Joshua 5:12 The manna stopped the day after they ate the old grain of the land; the Israelites no longer had manna; instead, they ate the crops from Canaan that year.
Joshua 5:13 When Joshua was near Jericho, he looked up and saw a man standing in front of him with a sword in his hand. Joshua approached him and asked, "Are you on our side or the side of our enemies?"
Joshua 5:14 He said, "No, but as the leader of God's army, I have now come." Then Joshua bowed down to the ground, worshiped, and said to him, "What does my Lord want to tell his servant?"
Joshua 5:15 The leader of God's army told Joshua, "Take off your shoe from your foot; because the place where you are standing is holy." And Joshua did that.

Joshua 6:1 Jericho was tightly closed because of the Israelites: no one could leave or enter.
Joshua 6:2 God said to Joshua, "Look, I have given you the city of Jericho, its king, and its brave warriors."
Joshua 6:3 You will march around the city, all you soldiers, circling the city one time. Do this for six days.
Joshua 6:4 Seven priests will carry seven ram's horn trumpets in front of the ark, and on the seventh day, you will march around the city seven times while the priests blow the trumpets.
Joshua 6:5 When they blow the ram's horn for a long time, and you hear the trumpet, everyone must shout loudly. Then the city wall will collapse, and the people will go straight into the city.
Joshua 6:6 Joshua, Nun's son, told the priests to carry the covenant box and have seven priests walk in front with seven ram's horn trumpets ahead of God's box.
Joshua 6:7 He told the people, "Move on, go around the city, and let the armed men go ahead of the Ark of God."
Joshua 6:8 After Joshua talked to the people, seven priests with seven ram's horn trumpets walked ahead of God and blew their trumpets, and God's covenant box came behind them.
Joshua 6:9 The soldiers walked ahead of the priests with the trumpets, and the guards followed behind the sacred chest, while the priests kept walking and playing the trumpets.
Joshua 6:10 Joshua told the people, "Do not shout or make any noise with your voice, and do not speak until the day I tell you to shout; then you should shout."
Joshua 6:11 So the ark of God went around the city once, then they returned to the camp and stayed there.
Joshua 6:12 Joshua got up early in the morning, and the priests carried the ark of God.
Joshua 6:13 Seven priests with seven trumpets made from ram's horns walked ahead of God's ark. They kept blowing the trumpets. Soldiers marched in front, while the rear guard followed after God's ark, as the priests continued to blow the trumpets.
Joshua 6:14 On the second day, they walked around the city one time and then went back to their camp. They did this for six days.
Joshua 6:15 On the seventh day, they got up at dawn and walked around the city in the same way seven times, but on that day they walked around the city seven times.
Joshua 6:16 On the seventh time, when the priests played the trumpets, Joshua told the people, "Shout, because God has given you the city."
Joshua 6:17 The city will be cursed, everything in it for God, but Rahab the prostitute will survive, her and everyone with her in her home, because she hid the spies we sent.
Joshua 6:18 Be sure to stay away from the cursed things, so you don't become cursed by taking them and bring trouble to the camp of Israel.
Joshua 6:19 All the silver, gold, and items made of brass and iron are holy to God: they must go into God's treasury.
Joshua 6:20 When the priests blew the trumpets, the people yelled. And when the people heard the trumpet and yelled loudly, the wall collapsed. So they all went into the city, straight ahead, and captured it.
Joshua 6:21 They completely destroyed everything in the city, men, women, children, seniors, oxen, sheep, and donkeys, with their swords.
Joshua 6:22 Joshua told the two men who explored the land, "Go to the prostitute's house and take out the woman and everything she owns, just as you promised her."
Joshua 6:23 The young spies went in, took Rahab, her father, mother, brothers, and everything she owned, brought out all her family, and left them outside Israel's camp.
Joshua 6:24 They set the city on fire, burning everything in it, but they saved the silver, gold, and bronze and iron objects to put in God's house treasury.
Joshua 6:25 Joshua kept Rahab the prostitute and her family safe, along with everything she owned; she lives in Israel to this day because she hid the spies Joshua sent to Jericho.
Joshua 6:26 Joshua warned them, saying, "God will curse anyone who rebuilds the city of Jericho. He will lose his oldest son when he lays the foundations, and his youngest son when he sets up the gates."
Joshua 6:27 God was with Joshua, and his reputation spread across the whole land.

Joshua 7:1 The Israelites did wrong with the cursed item, because Achan, son of Carmi, grandson of Zabdi, great-grandson of Zerah, from the tribe of Judah, took the cursed item, and God became angry with the Israelites.
Joshua 7:2 Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, near Bethaven, east of Bethel, and told them, "Go and look at the land." The men went and saw Ai.
Joshua 7:3 They went back to Joshua and told him, "Don't send all the people. Just send about two or three thousand men to attack Ai. Don't tire everyone out because Ai has only a few people."
Joshua 7:4 About three thousand men from the people went up there, but they ran away from the men of Ai.
Joshua 7:5 The men of Ai killed about 36 of them; they pursued them from the city gate to Shebarim and attacked them on the slopes. The people's courage dissolved completely.
Joshua 7:6 Joshua tore his clothes, fell to the ground on his face in front of God's ark until evening, along with the leaders of Israel, and they put dust on their heads.
Joshua 7:7 And Joshua said, "Oh no, God, why did you bring us across the Jordan River only to let the Amorites defeat us? I wish we had stayed on the other side of the Jordan!"
Joshua 7:8 God, what can I say when Israel runs away from their enemies?
Joshua 7:9 The Canaanites and everyone living in the land will hear about it, surround us, and wipe out our name from the world: what will you do for your great name then, God?
Joshua 7:10 God said to Joshua, "Get up; why are you lying down on your face?"
Joshua 7:11 Israel has sinned, and they have broken the agreement I gave them: they have taken cursed things, stolen, lied, and put these things with their own belongings.
Joshua 7:12 So, the Israelites couldn't face their enemies and ran away because they were cursed. I won't stay with you unless you get rid of the cursed ones among you.
Joshua 7:13 Get up, make the people holy, and say, 'Make yourselves holy for tomorrow because God says, "Israel has something cursed among them. You cannot defeat your enemies until you remove the cursed thing from you."
Joshua 7:14 In the morning, you will be brought forward by your tribes. The tribe God chooses will come forward by families. The family God chooses will come forward by households. The household God chooses will come forward one person at a time.
Joshua 7:15 Whoever is caught with the cursed item will be burned with fire, along with everything he owns, because he broke God's agreement and did foolish things in Israel.
Joshua 7:16 Joshua got up early in the morning, gathered Israel by their tribes, and the tribe of Judah was chosen.
Joshua 7:17 He brought Judah's family forward; he chose the Zarhite family. He presented the Zarhites one by one, and Zabdi was selected.
Joshua 7:18 He brought his family one by one; and Achan, son of Carmi, grandson of Zabdi, great-grandson of Zerah, from the tribe of Judah, was chosen.
Joshua 7:19 Joshua said to Achan, "My son, honor the God of Israel, confess to Him; and tell me what you have done; do not hide it from me."
Joshua 7:20 Achan replied to Joshua, "I truly sinned against God of Israel, and this is what I have done:"
Joshua 7:21 When I saw a fine Babylonian robe, two hundred pieces of silver, and a bar of gold weighing fifty pieces among the loot, I wanted them and took them. They are now buried in the ground inside my tent, with the silver underneath.
Joshua 7:22 Joshua sent messengers, and they hurried to the tent; there, hidden in his tent, was the object with the silver underneath.
Joshua 7:23 They removed them from inside the tent, brought them to Joshua and all the Israelites, and spread them out before God.
Joshua 7:24 Joshua and all Israel with him took Achan, Zerah's son, the silver, the clothes, the gold bar, his sons, his daughters, his oxen, his donkeys, his sheep, his tent, and everything he owned, and they brought them to Achor Valley.
Joshua 7:25 Joshua asked, "Why have you brought us trouble? God will bring trouble on you today." Then all of Israel threw stones at them and burned them after they had thrown stones.
Joshua 7:26 They put a big pile of stones over him, which is still there today. So God stopped being so angry. That's why they named the place the Valley of Trouble, a name it still has today.

Joshua 8:1 God told Joshua, "Don't be afraid or discouraged. Take all your soldiers and go to Ai. I have given you the king of Ai, his people, his city, and his land."
Joshua 8:2 Do to Ai and its king what you did to Jericho and its king. But you can keep the goods and animals for yourselves. Set up an ambush behind the city.
Joshua 8:3 Joshua got up, and all the soldiers with him, to attack Ai. Joshua picked thirty thousand strong, brave men and sent them out at night.
Joshua 8:4 He told them, "Look, wait secretly behind the city. Don't go too far from it, but be ready."
Joshua 8:5 I and all the people with me will go near the city. When they come out to fight us like before, we will run away from them.
Joshua 8:6 They will follow us until we lead them away from the city. They will think we are running away like before, so we will run away from them.
Joshua 8:7 Then you'll get up from the ambush and take the city because God will give it to you.
Joshua 8:8 When you capture the city, you must set it on fire. Do this as God has commanded. Look, I have commanded you.
Joshua 8:9 Joshua sent them out, and they went to set up an ambush. They stayed between Bethel and Ai, to the west of Ai. Joshua spent that night with the people.
Joshua 8:10 Joshua got up early in the morning, counted the people, and he and the leaders of Israel went ahead of them to Ai.
Joshua 8:11 All the people, including the soldiers with him, went up, approached, and arrived in front of the city, camping on the north side of Ai, with a valley between them and Ai.
Joshua 8:12 He took around five thousand men and hid them for an ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the city's west side.
Joshua 8:13 When they positioned the people, all the army to the north of the city and the ambush to the west of the city, Joshua went into the middle of the valley that night.
Joshua 8:14 When the king of Ai noticed, they hurried and got up early, and the city's men came out to fight Israel, he and all his people, at the set time, in front of the open area; yet he did not know there were ambushers waiting for him behind the city.
Joshua 8:15 Joshua and all of Israel acted like they were defeated in front of them and ran away through the wilderness.
Joshua 8:16 Everyone in Ai gathered to chase after them, and they followed Joshua, leading them away from the city.
Joshua 8:17 No man remained in Ai or Bethel; all went after Israel, leaving the city unprotected to chase Israel.
Joshua 8:18 God told Joshua, "Reach out with the spear in your hand toward Ai; I will make sure you conquer it." Joshua reached out with the spear he held toward the city.
Joshua 8:19 The attackers quickly came from their spot, and as soon as he signaled, they ran into the city, captured it, and quickly set it on fire.
Joshua 8:20 When the men of Ai turned around, they saw the city's smoke going up to the sky. They could not run away in any direction, and the people who ran to the wilderness now attacked those chasing them.
Joshua 8:21 When Joshua and all of Israel realized that their hidden soldiers had captured the city and smoke was rising from it, they turned back and killed the men of Ai.
Joshua 8:22 The other army came out of the city to fight them, and Israel was on both sides. They defeated them, allowing none to survive or get away.
Joshua 8:23 They captured the king of Ai alive and brought him to Joshua.
Joshua 8:24 When Israel finished killing all of Ai's people in the fields and the wilderness where they had chased them, and after all had died by the sword, all the Israelites went back to Ai and destroyed it with the sword.
Joshua 8:25 On that day, twelve thousand men and women died, all from the city of Ai.
Joshua 8:26 Joshua did not lower his hand, which he had raised with the spear, until he had completely destroyed all the people of Ai.
Joshua 8:27 Israel took only the animals and the goods of that city for themselves, as God had commanded Joshua.
Joshua 8:28 Joshua burned Ai, turning it into a permanent pile of ruins, still desolate to this day.
Joshua 8:29 The king of Ai was hung on a tree until evening; when the sun set, Joshua ordered that they take his body off the tree, throw it at the city gate entrance, and pile up many stones over it, which are still there today.
Joshua 8:30 Then Joshua made an altar for God of Israel on Mount Ebal.
Joshua 8:31 Just as Moses, God's servant, instructed the Israelites, as recorded in Moses' law book, they built an altar of uncut stones that no one had used metal tools on. On it, they made burnt offerings and presented peace offerings to God.
Joshua 8:32 He wrote a copy of Moses' law on the stones in front of the people of Israel.
Joshua 8:33 All of Israel, including their leaders, officials, and judges, stood around the ark in front of the Levite priests, who carried God's covenant ark. This included foreigners and natives alike. Half were facing Mount Gerizim and half facing Mount Ebal, just as Moses, God’s servant, had instructed to bless the people of Israel.
Joshua 8:34 Later, he read all the words of the law—both the blessings and the curses—as they are written in the book of the law.
Joshua 8:35 Joshua read every command that Moses had given to all the people of Israel, including the women, children, and foreigners living with them.

Joshua 9:1 When all the kings near the Jordan River, in the hills, valleys, and along the coast of the great sea next to Lebanon, including the Hittites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, heard about it;
Joshua 9:2 They came together to fight Joshua and Israel as one.
Joshua 9:3 When the people of Gibeon heard about what Joshua did to Jericho and Ai,
Joshua 9:4 They acted cleverly, pretending to be messengers, putting old bags on their donkeys, and carrying old, torn, and mended wine skins.
Joshua 9:5 They wore old shoes patched up on their feet and old clothes; all their food was dry and moldy.
Joshua 9:6 They went to Joshua at the Gilgal camp and said to him and the Israelites, "We come from a distant land: so now, make an agreement with us."
Joshua 9:7 The men of Israel said to the Hivites, "Maybe you live near us; how can we make an agreement with you?"
Joshua 9:8 They told Joshua, "We are your servants." And Joshua asked them, "Who are you and where do you come from?"
Joshua 9:9 They said to him, "We are your servants from a very distant land. We came because of God's name, for we have heard about his great reputation and everything he did in Egypt."
Joshua 9:10 God did many things to the two Amorite kings on the other side of the Jordan River: to Sihon, the king of Heshbon, and to Og, the king of Bashan, who lived in Ashtaroth.
Joshua 9:11 Our leaders and everyone from our land told us, 'Bring food for the trip, go to meet them, and say, "We are your servants; so now, please make an agreement with us."'
Joshua 9:12 We brought this bread hot from our homes as food for the journey when we left to meet you; but now, see, it's dry and moldy.
Joshua 9:13 We filled these wine bottles when they were new, but look, they are torn now. Our clothes and shoes have gotten old because of our very long trip.
Joshua 9:14 The men took some of their food and did not seek advice from God.
Joshua 9:15 Joshua made peace with them and agreed to let them live, and the leaders of the people promised them this.
Joshua 9:16 Three days after they made a peace agreement, they found out that those people were their neighbors living nearby.
Joshua 9:17 The Israelites traveled and reached their cities on the third day. Their cities were Gibeon, Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim.
Joshua 9:18 The Israelites did not attack them because their leaders had promised them by God of Israel. But all the people complained against the leaders.
Joshua 9:19 All the leaders told the people, "We promised them before God of Israel: so now we cannot harm them."
Joshua 9:20 We will do this to them; we will let them live so that we don't get punished, because of the promise we made to them.
Joshua 9:21 The leaders told them, "Let them live, but they will cut wood and carry water for the whole community, just as the leaders promised them."
Joshua 9:22 Joshua called them and asked, "Why did you trick us into thinking you were far away when you actually live near us?"
Joshua 9:23 So now you are cursed, and you will always be slaves, cutting wood and carrying water for the temple of my God.
Joshua 9:24 They replied to Joshua, "We were definitely told that your God ordered his servant Moses to give you all the land and to wipe out all the land's people in front of you. So, we were very scared for our lives because of you, and that's why we did this."
Joshua 9:25 Now, look, we are in your power: do to us what you think is good and right.
Joshua 9:26 He did the same for them and saved them from the Israelites, so they were not killed.
Joshua 9:27 On that day, Joshua made them wood cutters and water carriers for the community and God's altar, a job they still do where he chooses.

Joshua 10:1 When Adonizedec, the king of Jerusalem, heard that Joshua had captured Ai and completely destroyed it, just as he did to Jericho and its king, and that the people of Gibeon had made peace with Israel and were living with them,
Joshua 10:2 They were very afraid because Gibeon was a big city like the king's cities, larger than Ai, and all its men were strong.
Joshua 10:3 So Adonizedec, the king of Jerusalem, sent a message to Hoham, the king of Hebron; Piram, the king of Jarmuth; Japhia, the king of Lachish; and Debir, the king of Eglon, saying,
Joshua 10:4 Come up to me, and help me, so we can defeat Gibeon because it has made peace with Joshua and the people of Israel.
Joshua 10:5 So the five Amorite kings – the kings of Jerusalem, Hebron, Jarmuth, Lachish, and Eglon – united their armies and camped at Gibeon to attack it.
Joshua 10:6 The men of Gibeon sent a message to Joshua at the camp in Gilgal, saying, "Don't stop helping your servants; come to us fast, and save us, and help us, because all the Amorite kings who live in the mountains have joined together against us."
Joshua 10:7 Joshua went up from Gilgal with all the soldiers and brave warriors.
Joshua 10:8 God said to Joshua, "Don't be afraid of them, because I have given them over to you. Not one of them will be able to resist you."
Joshua 10:9 Joshua quickly went to them, traveling from Gilgal all night.
Joshua 10:10 God confused them before Israel, and killed many at Gibeon, and chased them on the road to Bethhoron, and struck them down to Azekah and Makkedah.
Joshua 10:11 As they ran away from Israel, heading toward Bethhoron, God made large stones fall from the sky onto them up to Azekah, and many died. More were killed by the hailstones than by the Israelites' swords.
Joshua 10:12 Then Joshua spoke to God when God gave the Amorites to Israel, and he said where Israel could see, "Sun, stop over Gibeon; and Moon, in the valley of Ajalon."
Joshua 10:13 The sun stopped, and the moon paused, until the people got revenge on their enemies. Isn't this recorded in the Book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the sky and didn't set for about a full day.
Joshua 10:14 There had never been a day like it before or after, when God listened to a human voice, because God fought for Israel.
Joshua 10:15 Joshua went back, and all Israel with him, to the camp at Gilgal.
Joshua 10:16 But these five kings ran away and hid in a cave at Makkedah.
Joshua 10:17 Someone told Joshua, "The five kings are hiding in a cave at Makkedah."
Joshua 10:18 Joshua said, "Put big rocks over the cave entrance and have men guard it."
Joshua 10:19 Do not stop, but chase your enemies and strike those at the back; do not let them go into their cities: for God has given them into your control.
Joshua 10:20 When Joshua and the Israelites finished killing them until they were all dead, the survivors went to fortified cities.
Joshua 10:21 All the people went back to the camp with Joshua at Makkedah safely; no one said anything bad about the Israelites.
Joshua 10:22 Joshua said, "Open the cave and bring those five kings out to me."
Joshua 10:23 They did that and brought out the five kings to him from the cave: the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon.
Joshua 10:24 When they took the kings to Joshua, Joshua told the Israelite men and the captains of the soldiers with him, "Come close, step on these kings' necks." They came close and stepped on their necks.
Joshua 10:25 Joshua told them, "Don't be afraid or discouraged. Be strong and brave. This is how God will treat all your enemies you fight against."
Joshua 10:26 Afterward, Joshua struck them, killed them, and hung them on five trees, where they stayed until evening.
Joshua 10:27 When the sun was setting, Joshua ordered, and they took the bodies down from the trees, threw them into the cave where they had been hidden and put big rocks at the entrance of the cave, which are still there today.
Joshua 10:28 On that day Joshua captured Makkedah, defeated it with the sword, and completely destroyed its king, everyone in it; he left no one alive. He treated the king of Makkedah just like he did the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:29 Joshua moved on from Makkedah with all Israel to Libnah and fought against it.
Joshua 10:30 God gave the city and its king to Israel; they struck it with the sword, killing everyone there. No one was left alive, just as they did to the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:31 Joshua moved from Libnah with all of Israel to Lachish, set up camp there, and fought against it.
Joshua 10:32 God gave Lachish to Israel, and on the second day, they captured it, struck it with the sword, and killed everyone inside, just as they had done to Libnah.
Joshua 10:33 Horam, king of Gezer, came to help Lachish, but Joshua defeated him and his people, leaving no survivors.
Joshua 10:34 Joshua moved from Lachish to Eglon with all Israel, and they set up camp there and attacked it.
Joshua 10:35 On that day, they captured it and struck it with the sword's blade, and he completely destroyed everyone in it, just like he had done to Lachish.
Joshua 10:36 Joshua left Eglon with all the Israelites and went to Hebron, where they battled it.
Joshua 10:37 They captured it and struck it with the sword's edge, including its king, all its cities, and everyone inside. None were left alive, just as they had done to Eglon. They completely destroyed it and everyone inside.
Joshua 10:38 Joshua went back and all Israel with him to Debir, and they fought against it.
Joshua 10:39 He took the city, its king, and all its towns. They struck them with the sword and completely destroyed everyone there. He spared no one. Just as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir and its king, and also to Libnah and its king.
Joshua 10:40 Joshua defeated the entire area of the hills, the south, the valleys, and the springs, along with all their kings. He didn't leave anyone alive but completely wiped out every living thing, just as God of Israel had commanded.
Joshua 10:41 Joshua defeated them from Kadesh Barnea to Gaza, and all the area of Goshen, up to Gibeon.
Joshua 10:42 Joshua captured all these kings and their lands at once, because God was fighting for Israel.
Joshua 10:43 Joshua went back, and all Israel with him, to the camp at Gilgal.

Joshua 11:1 When Jabin, the king of Hazor, heard what happened, he sent messages to Jobab, the king of Madon, and to the kings of Shimron and Achshaph.
Joshua 11:2 To the kings in the north mountains, the southern plains near Chinneroth, the valley, and near Dor to the west,
Joshua 11:3 To the Canaanite in the east and west, the Amorite, Hittite, Perizzite, Jebusite in the mountains, and Hivite near Hermon in Mizpeh.
Joshua 11:4 They left with all their groups, a huge crowd like the sand on the seashore, with many horses and chariots.
Joshua 11:5 When all these kings joined forces, they gathered and set up camp at Merom's waters to battle Israel.
Joshua 11:6 God told Joshua, "Don't be afraid of them. Tomorrow at this time, I will make sure they are all defeated before Israel. You will disable their horses, and burn their chariots."
Joshua 11:7 Joshua and his soldiers surprised them near the waters of Merom and attacked.
Joshua 11:8 God gave them to Israel, who struck them and chased them to Great Zidon, Misrephothmaim, and the Valley of Mizpeh in the east; they attacked them until no one was left.
Joshua 11:9 Joshua did as God commanded: he crippled their horses and burned their chariots.
Joshua 11:10 Joshua then turned back, captured Hazor, and killed its king with a sword; because Hazor used to be the leader of all those kingdoms.
Joshua 11:11 They killed everyone there with their swords, completely destroying them; no one was left alive. And he burned Hazor down.
Joshua 11:12 Joshua captured all the cities of those kings and defeated them with a sword, destroying them completely, just as Moses, God's servant, had commanded.
Joshua 11:13 Israel did not burn any of the strong cities, except for Hazor; only that city did Joshua burn.
Joshua 11:14 The people of Israel took all the valuables and animals from these cities for themselves; but they killed every person with their swords until none were left alive.
Joshua 11:15 God told Moses what to do, Moses told Joshua, and Joshua did everything God had told Moses.
Joshua 11:16 Joshua captured all that land, including the hills, the southern area, the land of Goshen, the valleys, the plains, and Israel's mountains.
Joshua 11:17 From Halak mountain, going up to Seir, all the way to Baalgad in Lebanon valley, below Mount Hermon: He captured all their kings, struck them, and killed them.
Joshua 11:18 Joshua fought with all those kings for a long time.
Joshua 11:19 Every city fought the children of Israel except the Hivites of Gibeon; they captured all others in battle.
Joshua 11:20 God made their hearts stubborn so they would fight against Israel, and he could completely destroy them without mercy, just as God told Moses.
Joshua 11:21 At that time, Joshua came and removed the Anakim people from the mountains, from Hebron, Debir, Anab, and all the mountains of Judah and Israel. Joshua completely destroyed them along with their cities.
Joshua 11:22 No Anakims were left in Israel's land, only some stayed in Gaza, Gath, and Ashdod.
Joshua 11:23 Joshua captured all the land as God told Moses; he gave it to Israel as their tribal inheritance. The land had peace from war.

Joshua 12:1 These are the kings of the country that the Israelites defeated and whose land they took over, on the east side of the Jordan River, from the Arnon River to Mount Hermon, and all the eastern plains.
Joshua 12:2 Sihon, the king of the Amorites, lived in Heshbon and controlled the land from Aroer on the edge of the Arnon River, including the middle of the river and half of Gilead, all the way to the Jabbok River, the border of the Ammonites' land.
Joshua 12:3 From the plain to Lake Chinneroth in the east, to the Dead Sea in the east and the road to Beth Jeshimoth, and to the south below the slopes of Pisgah.
Joshua 12:4 The territory of Og, the king of Bashan, was one of the last places of the giants, who lived in Ashtaroth and Edrei.
Joshua 12:5 They ruled over Mount Hermon, Salcah, and all of Bashan up to the territory of the Geshurites and Maachathites, and half of Gilead, which was up to the land of King Sihon of Heshbon.
Joshua 12:6 Moses, God's servant, and the Israelites defeated them. Moses gave the land to the tribes of Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh as their own.
Joshua 12:7 Here are the kings of the land that Joshua and the Israelites defeated west of the Jordan River, from Baalgad in the Lebanon Valley up to Mount Halak leading to Seir. Joshua gave this land to the Israelite tribes as their own, divided among them.
Joshua 12:8 In the mountains, valleys, flat lands, springs, deserts, and the south; the Hittites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Joshua 12:9 The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, next to Bethel, one;
Joshua 12:10 The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one.
Joshua 12:11 The king of Jarmuth, one; the king of Lachish, one;
Joshua 12:12 The king of Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one.
Joshua 12:13 The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one.
Joshua 12:14 The king of Hormah, one; the king of Arad, one.
Joshua 12:15 The king of Libnah, one; the king of Adullam, one.
Joshua 12:16 The king of Makkedah, one; the king of Bethel, one.
Joshua 12:17 The king of Tappuah, one; the king of Hepher, one.
Joshua 12:18 The king of Aphek, one; the king of Lasharon, one.
Joshua 12:19 One king of Madon, one king of Hazor.
Joshua 12:20 The king of Shimronmeron, one; the king of Achshaph, one.
Joshua 12:21 The king of Taanach, one; the king of Megiddo, one.
Joshua 12:22 The king of Kedesh, one; the king of Jokneam in Carmel, one;
Joshua 12:23 The king of Dor by the sea, one; the king of the peoples at Gilgal, one;
Joshua 12:24 The king of Tirzah, one: a total of thirty-one kings.

Joshua 13:1 Joshua was old with many years; and God said to him, "You are old with many years, and there is still a lot of land to take over."
Joshua 13:2 This is the land that still remains: all the territory of the Philistines, and all of Geshur.
Joshua 13:3 From the River of Egypt to the northern boundary of Ekron, land that is considered Canaanite territory, there are five Philistine rulers: those of Gaza, Ashdod, Ashkelon, Gath, and Ekron; and also the people of Avvim.
Joshua 13:4 From the south, including all Canaanite territory, and Mearah near the Sidonians, up to Aphek, to the Amorite border:
Joshua 13:5 The land of the Giblites and all of Lebanon, toward the sunrise, from Baalgad at the base of Mount Hermon to the entrance of Hamath.
Joshua 13:6 I will make all the people living in the hill country from Lebanon to Misrephothmaim, including the Sidonians, leave the land so that the Israelites can have it. You should divide this land among the Israelites by drawing lots, just as I told you.
Joshua 13:7 Now split this land to give as an inheritance to the nine tribes and the half-tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 13:8 The Reubenites and the Gadites got their land on the east side of the Jordan River, which Moses had given them, just as Moses, God's servant, had done.
Joshua 13:9 From Aroer, by the Arnon river bank, the city in the river center, and all the flat land from Medeba to Dibon.
Joshua 13:10 All the cities ruled by Sihon, the king of the Amorites in Heshbon, up to the territory of the Ammonites.
Joshua 13:11 Gilead, the land of the Geshurites and Maachathites, all of Mount Hermon, and all of Bashan up to Salcah;
Joshua 13:12 Moses defeated Og's whole kingdom in Bashan, which included Ashtaroth and Edrei, where the last of the giants lived, and he drove them out.
Joshua 13:13 But the Israelites did not force out the Geshurites or the Maachathites. So, the Geshurites and the Maachathites live among the Israelites to this day.
Joshua 13:14 God did not give the Levi tribe any land; instead, their inheritance is to receive the burnt sacrifices made to God, just as He promised them.
Joshua 13:15 Moses gave the Reuben tribe their land based on their family groups.
Joshua 13:16 Their land started at Aroer, on the edge of the Arnon River, including the city in the middle of the river valley, and all the flat land near Medeba.
Joshua 13:17 Heshbon and all its towns in the flat area; Dibon, Bamoth Baal, and Beth Baal Meon.
Joshua 13:18 And Jahaza, Kedemoth, and Mephaath,
Joshua 13:19 Kirjathaim, Sibmah, and Zarethshahar in the mountain valley,
Joshua 13:20 Bethpeor, Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,
Joshua 13:21 All the cities in the flat land and the entire territory of King Sihon of the Amorites, who ruled in Heshbon and was defeated by Moses along with Midian's leaders—Evi, Rekem, Zur, Hur, and Reba, who were rulers under King Sihon and lived in the area.
Joshua 13:22 The Israelites also killed Balaam, Beor's son, who was a fortune-teller, with the sword along with the others they had killed.
Joshua 13:23 The territory of Reuben's descendants was along the Jordan River. This land was their inheritance, including its towns and villages.
Joshua 13:24 Moses gave land to the Gad tribe, to the Gad families.
Joshua 13:25 Their border included Jazer, all the towns of Gilead, and half of Ammon's land, reaching to Aroer near Rabbah.
Joshua 13:26 From Heshbon to Ramath Mizpeh and Betonim, and from Mahanaim to the edge of Debir.
Joshua 13:27 In the valley there were Betharam, Bethnimrah, Succoth, and Zaphon, which were part of King Sihon of Heshbon's realm. This included the land by the Jordan River, up to the shore of the Sea of Chinnereth on the east side of the Jordan.
Joshua 13:28 This is what the children of Gad received as their families' inheritance: the cities and their villages.
Joshua 13:29 Moses gave land to half of the Manasseh tribe, and this land was owned by the families of that half-tribe.
Joshua 13:30 Their border extended from Mahanaim, including all of Bashan, the entire realm of Og, king of Bashan, and all of Jair's settlements in Bashan, sixty cities.
Joshua 13:31 Half of Gilead, Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of King Og in Bashan, belonged to the descendants of Machir, son of Manasseh, for one group of Machir's family.
Joshua 13:32 These are the lands that Moses gave out as inheritance in the Moab plains, across the Jordan River, near Jericho to the east.
Joshua 13:33 Moses did not give any land to the tribe of Levi; God was their inheritance, just as he promised them.

Joshua 14:1 These are the lands the Israelite people received in Canaan, which the priest Eleazar, Joshua son of Nun, and the tribe leaders gave to them as their share.
Joshua 14:2 Their land was given to them by drawing lots, as God had ordered through Moses, for the nine and a half tribes.
Joshua 14:3 Moses had given land to two and a half tribes on the other side of the Jordan River, but he did not give any land to the Levites among them.
Joshua 14:4 Joseph's children formed two groups, Manasseh and Ephraim; so they did not give the Levites a share of the land, only towns to live in, along with nearby lands for their animals and belongings.
Joshua 14:5 As God told Moses, the Israelites did, and they split the land.
Joshua 14:6 The people of Judah went to Joshua at Gilgal. Caleb, the son of Jephunneh from the Kenaz tribe, said to him, "You know what God told Moses about you and me at Kadesh Barnea."
Joshua 14:7 I was forty years old when Moses, God's servant, sent me from Kadeshbarnea to explore the land, and I reported back to him exactly what I felt.
Joshua 14:8 However, my companions who went with me caused the people to lose courage, but I fully followed God.
Joshua 14:9 And Moses promised on that day, saying, The land where you walked will be your possession and your children's forever, because you have fully followed God.
Joshua 14:10 And now, look, God has kept me alive, just as he promised, for forty-five years since God told Moses this when the Israelites were moving through the desert: and today, I am eighty-five years old.
Joshua 14:11 I am still as strong today as I was when Moses sent me out; my strength for battle, to advance and retreat, is unchanged.
Joshua 14:12 Now give me this mountain, which God talked about before; you heard how the giants lived there and the cities were big and strong. If God is with me, I will push them out, just as God promised.
Joshua 14:13 Joshua blessed Caleb, son of Jephunneh, and gave him Hebron as his inheritance.
Joshua 14:14 Hebron became Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenezite's land because he always followed God of Israel.
Joshua 14:15 Before, Hebron was called Kirjatharba, named after Arba, a great leader of the Anakims. And the land had peace from war.

Joshua 15:1 This was the tribe of Judah's family land; it reached to Edom's border and Zin desert in the south, which was the farthest part of the southern border.
Joshua 15:2 Their southern boundary started at the edge of the Salt Sea, stretching towards the south.
Joshua 15:3 It went to the south toward Maalehacrabbim, then to Zin, and up the south to Kadeshbarnea, moved on to Hezron, up to Adar, and turned toward Karkaa.
Joshua 15:4 From there it went to Azmon, and ended at the river of Egypt; the southern boundary ended at the sea.
Joshua 15:5 The eastern border reached the Salt Sea, up to the end of the Jordan River. And the northern border started at the sea inlet, at the far end of the Jordan.
Joshua 15:6 The border rose to Bethhogla, went north of Betharabah, and rose again to the stone of Bohan, Reuben's son.
Joshua 15:7 The border went up to Debir from Achor Valley, then north, facing Gilgal, near the ascent to Adummim, on the river's south side. The border reached Enshemesh's waters and ended at Enrogel.
Joshua 15:8 The boundary went up through Hinnom Valley to the southern area of the Jebusite city, which is Jerusalem. Then it went up to the mountain peak facing Hinnom Valley to the west, at the end of the Rephaim Valley to the north.
Joshua 15:9 The border went from the hilltop to Nephtoah's water spring, then to the towns of Mount Ephron, and reached Baalah, known as Kirjathjearim.
Joshua 15:10 The border went from Baalah west to Mount Seir, then ran by the side of Mount Jearim, or Chesalon, to the north, continued down to Bethshemesh, and stretched toward Timnah.
Joshua 15:11 The boundary extended to the north side of Ekron, then it went to Shicron, passed by Mount Baalah, and reached Jabneel. The boundary ended at the sea.
Joshua 15:12 The western border reached the big sea and its shoreline. This is the surrounding boundary for the families of Judah's descendants.
Joshua 15:13 God gave Caleb, Jephunneh's son, a place among Judah's people as God told Joshua, including Hebron, the city of Arba, Anak's father.
Joshua 15:14 Caleb forced out the three sons of Anak: Sheshai, Ahiman, and Talmai.
Joshua 15:15 He went from there to the people of Debir, which used to be called Kirjathsepher.
Joshua 15:16 Caleb said, Whoever defeats Kirjathsepher and captures it, I will give him my daughter Achsah as his wife.
Joshua 15:17 Othniel, Kenaz's son and Caleb's brother, captured the city, so he was given Achsah, his daughter, as his wife.
Joshua 15:18 As she came to him, she persuaded him to ask her father for a field. She got off her donkey, and Caleb asked her, "What do you want?"
Joshua 15:19 She replied, "Please give me a special gift; you have given me land in the south; now also give me water springs." So he gave her the upper and lower springs.
Joshua 15:20 This is what the family of the tribe of Judah's descendants will inherit.
Joshua 15:21 The farthest towns of Judah's tribe near Edom's southern border were Kabzeel, Eder, and Jagur.
Joshua 15:22 And Kinah, Dimonah, and Adadah,
Joshua 15:23 Kedesh, Hazor, and Ithnan.
Joshua 15:24 Ziph, Telem, Bealoth,
Joshua 15:25 Hazor, Hadattah, Kerioth, and Hezron, which is also called Hazor,
Joshua 15:26 Amam, Shema, and Moladah.
Joshua 15:27 And Hazargaddah, Heshmon, and Bethpalet,
Joshua 15:28 And Hazarshual, Beersheba, and Bizjothjah,
Joshua 15:29 Baalah, Iim, and Azem.
Joshua 15:30 Eltolad, Chesil, and Hormah,
Joshua 15:31 Ziklag, Madmannah, and Sansannah.
Joshua 15:32 Lebaoth, Shilhim, Ain, and Rimmon: there are 29 cities in total with their villages.
Joshua 15:33 In the valley were Eshtaol, Zoreah, and Ashnah.
Joshua 15:34 Zanoah, Engannim, Tappuah, and Enam,
Joshua 15:35 Jarmuth, Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,
Joshua 15:36 Sharaim, Adithaim, Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 15:37 Zenan, Hadashah, and Migdalgad,
Joshua 15:38 And Dilean, Mizpeh, and Joktheel,
Joshua 15:39 Lachish, Bozkath, and Eglon.
Joshua 15:40 And Cabbon, Lahmam, and Kithlish,
Joshua 15:41 Gederoth, Bethdagon, Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their surrounding villages.
Joshua 15:42 Libnah, Ether, and Ashan.
Joshua 15:43 Jiphtah, Ashnah, and Nezib,
Joshua 15:44 Keilah, Achzib, and Mareshah, along with their surrounding villages, make nine cities.
Joshua 15:45 Ekron, with its towns and villages:
Joshua 15:46 From Ekron to the sea, all the area near Ashdod along with its villages.
Joshua 15:47 Ashdod with its towns and villages, Gaza with its towns and villages, to the River of Egypt, and the great sea and its border.
Joshua 15:48 In the mountains were Shamir, Jattir, and Socoh.
Joshua 15:49 And Dannah, and the city of Dannah, which is Debir,
Joshua 15:50 Anab, Eshtemoh, and Anim,
Joshua 15:51 Goshen, Holon, and Giloh; eleven cities and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 15:52 Arab, Dumah, and Eshan.
Joshua 15:53 And Janum, Beth-tappuah, and Aphekah,
Joshua 15:54 Humtah, Kirjatharba or Hebron, and Zior; nine cities and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 15:55 Maon, Carmel, Ziph, and Juttah
Joshua 15:56 And Jezreel, Jokdeam, and Zanoah,
Joshua 15:57 Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their areas.
Joshua 15:58 Halhul, Bethzur, and Gedor.
Joshua 15:59 And Maarath, Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six towns with their surrounding areas.
Joshua 15:60 Kirjathbaal, also known as Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their surrounding small towns.
Joshua 15:61 In the desert, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah,
Joshua 15:62 Nibshan, Salt City, Engedi; six cities and their villages.
Joshua 15:63 The people of Judah couldn't make the Jebusites, who lived in Jerusalem, leave; so the Jebusites live with the people of Judah in Jerusalem until now.

Joshua 16:1 Joseph's descendants received land extending from the Jordan at Jericho to the eastern waters of Jericho, reaching to the desert and then to Bethel hill.
Joshua 16:2 It goes from Bethel to Luz, and goes through to the edge of Archi to Ataroth.
Joshua 16:3 It goes down west to Japhleti's border, to Bethhoron the lower border, and to Gezer; its western end is at the sea.
Joshua 16:4 Joseph's sons, Manasseh and Ephraim, received their share of the land.
Joshua 16:5 The territory for the families of Ephraim's descendants was this: their land on the east reached from Atarothaddar to Upper Bethhoron.
Joshua 16:6 The border extended toward the sea to Michmethah on the north; it turned east to Taanathshiloh, going past it to Janohah on the east.
Joshua 16:7 It went from Janohah to Ataroth and Naarath, reached Jericho, and ended at the Jordan River.
Joshua 16:8 The boundary started at Tappuah, went west to the Kanah River, and ended at the sea. This was the land for the families of Ephraim's tribe.
Joshua 16:9 The towns set aside for the Ephraim tribe were within the land given to the Manasseh tribe, including all those towns and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 16:10 They did not force the Canaanites who lived in Gezer to leave, but the Canaanites still live among the people of Ephraim today, and they have to pay taxes.

Joshua 17:1 The tribe of Manasseh also received land because Manasseh was Joseph's oldest son. This included land for Machir, Manasseh's oldest son and Gilead's father, who was a warrior, so he got Gilead and Bashan.
Joshua 17:2 There was also a portion for the other descendants of Manasseh according to their families; for the descendants of Abiezer, the descendants of Helek, the descendants of Asriel, the descendants of Shechem, the descendants of Hepher, and the descendants of Shemida: these were the sons of Manasseh, the son of Joseph, grouped by their families.
Joshua 17:3 Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, did not have sons, only daughters. The names of his daughters were Mahlah, Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Joshua 17:4 They approached Priest Eleazar, Joshua son of Nun, and the leaders, and said, "God told Moses to grant us land with our brothers." So, following God's order, they received land among their father's brothers.
Joshua 17:5 Manasseh got ten parts of land, not counting Gilead and Bashan, which are across the Jordan River.
Joshua 17:6 The daughters of Manasseh also received a share of the inheritance along with his sons, and the other sons of Manasseh got the land of Gilead.
Joshua 17:7 Manasseh's territory stretched from Asher to Michmethah near Shechem; the boundary continued to the right towards Entappuah's people.
Joshua 17:8 Manasseh owned the land of Tappuah, but the town of Tappuah, on Manasseh's border, belonged to the descendants of Ephraim.
Joshua 17:9 The border went down to the Kanah River, south of the river; these towns of Ephraim are among Manasseh's towns: Manasseh's border was also on the north side of the river, and it ended at the sea.
Joshua 17:10 To the south belonged to Ephraim, to the north belonged to Manasseh, the sea marked their border; they touched Asher to the north and Issachar to the east.
Joshua 17:11 Manasseh had Bethshean and its villages in Issachar and Asher, Ibleam and its villages, the people of Dor and their villages, the people of Endor and their villages, the people of Taanach and their villages, and the people of Megiddo and their villages—three districts in total.
Joshua 17:12 The children of Manasseh could not make the people of those cities leave; the Canaanites insisted on living in that land.
Joshua 17:13 When the Israelites grew strong, they made the Canaanites pay taxes but did not completely force them out.
Joshua 17:14 The descendants of Joseph said to Joshua, "Why have you given me only one piece of land when I am a large group, since God has blessed me so far?"
Joshua 17:15 Joshua replied, "If you are a large group, go to the forested area and clear land for yourselves in the territory of the Perizzites and the giants, if the hill country of Ephraim is too small for you."
Joshua 17:16 Joseph's descendants said, "The hill isn't enough for us; even the Canaanites living in the valley have strong iron chariots, in both Bethshean with its villages and the Jezreel Valley."
Joshua 17:17 Joshua said to Joseph's family, including Ephraim and Manasseh, "You are a large group with strong power; you will have more than one piece of land."
Joshua 17:18 The mountain will be yours because it is covered with trees, and you can cut them down. You will own everything that comes from it after you drive out the Canaanites, even if they have iron chariots and are strong.

Joshua 18:1 The whole group of Israel's people gathered at Shiloh and put the meeting tent there. The land was brought under their control.
Joshua 18:2 Seven tribes of Israel's children still hadn't gotten their land.
Joshua 18:3 Joshua asked the Israelites, "How long will you delay before going to take over the land that God has given you?"
Joshua 18:4 Choose three men from each tribe, and I will send them out. They will travel through the land, map it according to each tribe's share, and then return to me.
Joshua 18:5 They will split it into seven parts: Judah will stay within their southern territory, and Joseph's family will stay within their northern territories.
Joshua 18:6 Divide the land into seven parts and bring the map to me. Here, I will draw lots for you before God.
Joshua 18:7 The Levites don't share land with you because serving God is their inheritance. But Gad, Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh got their land across the Jordan River to the east, that Moses, God's servant, gave them.
Joshua 18:8 The men got up and left. Joshua told those who were to map out the land to go, travel through the land, map it out, and return to him so he could draw lots for them in the presence of God at Shiloh.
Joshua 18:9 The men traveled through the region, divided it into seven parts by cities for a record, and returned to Joshua at the camp in Shiloh.
Joshua 18:10 Joshua threw lots for them in Shiloh before God, and there Joshua divided the land among the Israelites according to their groups.
Joshua 18:11 The land for the tribe of Benjamin's descendants was divided according to their families. Their land was located between the territories of the descendants of Judah and Joseph.
Joshua 18:12 Their northern border started at the Jordan River, went north to Jericho, climbed through the western mountains, and ended in the Bethaven desert.
Joshua 18:13 The boundary line went from there toward Luz, to Luz's edge, also known as Bethel, to the south; and the line went down to Atarothadar, close to the hill on the southern side of lower Bethhoron.
Joshua 18:14 The boundary line went from there, circling around the southern corner of the sea, from the hill facing Bethhoron to the south; it ended at Kirjathbaal, also called Kirjathjearim, a city belonging to the tribe of Judah: this was the western side.
Joshua 18:15 The southern side started from the edge of Kirjathjearim, went west, and reached the spring of water at Nephtoah.
Joshua 18:16 The border went down to the end of the mountain near the Valley of Hinnom, which is by the Valley of the Giants to the north. It went down to Hinnom Valley, by the south side of Jebusi, and went down to Enrogel.
Joshua 18:17 It came from the north to Enshemesh, then on to Geliloth, across from the climb to Adummim, and went down to Bohan son of Reuben's stone.
Joshua 18:18 It moved along the side across from Arabah to the north and went down to Arabah.
Joshua 18:19 The border went by the side of Bethhoglah to the north, and the border ended at the north shore of the Dead Sea at the southern tip of the Jordan River; this was the southern boundary.
Joshua 18:20 The Jordan River was its eastern border. This was the land given to the families of Benjamin's descendants, surrounding it completely.
Joshua 18:21 The towns for the tribe of Benjamin's descendants, grouped by families, were Jericho, Bethhoglah, and the Keziz valley.
Joshua 18:22 And Betharabah, and Zemaraim, and Bethel,
Joshua 18:23 And Avim, Pharah, and Ophrah,
Joshua 18:24 Chepharhaammonai, Ophni, and Gaba; twelve towns with their surrounding areas.
Joshua 18:25 Gibeon, Ramah, and Beeroth,
Joshua 18:26 And Mizpeh, Chephirah, and Mozah,
Joshua 18:27 Rekem, Irpeel, and Taralah,
Joshua 18:28 Zelah, Eleph, Jebusi (which is Jerusalem), Gibeath, and Kirjath are fourteen cities with their villages. This land is what the families of Benjamin's descendants received as their share.

Joshua 19:1 The second choice was for the tribe of Simeon's descendants, according to their families. Their land was inside the land given to Judah's descendants.
Joshua 19:2 They received Beersheba, Sheba, and Moladah as their inheritance.
Joshua 19:3 And Hazarshual, Balah, and Azem.
Joshua 19:4 Eltolad, Bethul, and Hormah,
Joshua 19:5 Ziklag, Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah,
Joshua 19:6 Bethlebaoth and Sharuhen; thirteen cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:7 Ain, Remmon, Ether, and Ashan; four cities with their surrounding villages.
Joshua 19:8 All the small towns near these cities, as far as Baalathbeer and Ramath in the south, were part of the land given to the Simeon tribe's families.
Joshua 19:9 The tribe of Simeon received their land from the allotment of the tribe of Judah because Judah's portion was too large for them, so Simeon's inheritance was within Judah's land.
Joshua 19:10 The third share was for the families of Zebulun, and their territory reached to Sarid.
Joshua 19:11 Their boundary went up to the sea, through Maralah, to Dabbasheth, and to the river near Jokneam.
Joshua 19:12 It turned from Sarid to the east, towards the sunrise, to the edge of Chislothtabor, then continued to Daberath, and went up to Japhia.
Joshua 19:13 It moves on from there to the east toward Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, then turns toward Remmonmethoar until it reaches Neah.
Joshua 19:14 The border goes around it on the north side to Hannathon, and ends in the Jiphthahel Valley.
Joshua 19:15 Kattath, Nahallal, Shimron, Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:16 This is what the families of Zebulun's children will receive as their inheritance: these cities and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 19:17 The fourth draw was for Issachar, for the families of Issachar's children.
Joshua 19:18 Their boundary went towards Jezreel, Chesulloth, and Shunem.
Joshua 19:19 And Haphraim, Shihon, and Anaharath.
Joshua 19:20 And Rabbith, Kishion, and Abez,
Joshua 19:21 And Remeth, Engannim, Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;
Joshua 19:22 The border touches Tabor, Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh, ending at the Jordan River: sixteen cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:23 This is what the family groups of the tribe of Issachar receive as their inheritance: the towns and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 19:24 The fifth share was for the Asher tribe family groups.
Joshua 19:25 Their boundary included Helkath, Hali, Beten, and Achshaph.
Joshua 19:26 Alammelech, Amad, and Misheal; the land goes up to Carmel in the west and to Shihorlibnath.
Joshua 19:27 It turns toward the sunrise at Bethdagon, goes to Zebulun, to the Jiphthahel Valley north of Bethemek and Neiel, and ends at Cabul on the left.
Joshua 19:28 Hebron, Rehob, Hammon, Kanah, all the way to great Zidon;
Joshua 19:29 Then the border turns to Ramah and the fortified city of Tyre; the border turns to Hosah, ending at the sea from the border to Achzib.
Joshua 19:30 Ummah, Aphek, and Rehob too: twenty-two cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:31 This is what the Asher tribe's families will receive: These towns and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 19:32 The sixth share was given to the Naphtali people, each family group among them.
Joshua 19:33 Their land extended from Heleph and Allon to Zaanannim, including Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, to Lakum, and ended at the Jordan River.
Joshua 19:34 Then the border turns west to Aznothtabor, goes from there to Hukkok, touches Zebulun on the south, Asher on the west, and Judah at the Jordan River to the east.
Joshua 19:35 The protected cities are Ziddim, Zer, Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth.
Joshua 19:36 Adamah, Ramah, and Hazor,
Joshua 19:37 Kedesh, Edrei, and Enhazor,
Joshua 19:38 Iron, Migdalel, Horem, Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:39 This is what the Naphtali tribe's families will receive as their inheritance: the towns and their surrounding villages.
Joshua 19:40 The seventh share was picked for the Dan tribe families.
Joshua 19:41 Their land included Zorah, Eshtaol, and Irshemesh.
Joshua 19:42 And Shaalabbin, and Ajalon, and Jethlah,
Joshua 19:43 Elon, Thimnathah, and Ekron,
Joshua 19:44 Eltekeh, Gibbethon, and Baalath,
Joshua 19:45 Jehud, Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,
Joshua 19:46 And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, along with the territory facing Japho.
Joshua 19:47 The land for Dan's descendants was too small, so they fought against Leshem, captured it, killed its people, took it over, lived there, and renamed Leshem as Dan after their ancestor Dan.
Joshua 19:48 This is what the Dan tribe's families inherited: these cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:49 After they finished dividing the land for inheritance by their regions, the people of Israel gave a share to Joshua, the son of Nun.
Joshua 19:50 Following God's instructions, they gave him the city he requested, Timnathserah in the hills of Ephraim. He then rebuilt the city and lived there.
Joshua 19:51 These are the lands Eleazar the priest, Joshua son of Nun, and the tribal leaders of Israel's children divided as inheritances by drawing lots in Shiloh before God, at the entrance of the meeting tent. This is how they finished dividing the land.

Joshua 20:1 God also spoke to Joshua, saying,
Joshua 20:2 Tell the people of Israel to choose cities of refuge as I instructed you through Moses.
Joshua 20:3 The person who accidentally kills someone without meaning to can run there for safety, and it will protect you from the person seeking revenge for the blood shed.
Joshua 20:4 When someone runs to one of those cities, he should stand at the city gate entrance and explain his situation to the city elders. They will let him into the city and give him a place to live with them.
Joshua 20:5 If someone seeking revenge chases the killer, they should not hand over the killer to them, because he accidentally killed his neighbor without previous hatred.
Joshua 20:6 He will live in that city until he goes before the people for a decision, and until the high priest dies at that time. Then the person who killed someone can go back to his own city and house, the city he ran from.
Joshua 20:7 They chose Kedesh in Galilee in the Naphtali hills, Shechem in the Ephraim hills, and Kirjatharba, known as Hebron, in the Judah hills.
Joshua 20:8 On the other side of the Jordan by Jericho to the east, they gave Bezer in the desert on the plain to the tribe of Reuben, Ramoth in Gilead to the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan to the tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 20:9 These cities were set for all Israelites and any foreigner staying with them so anyone who accidentally killed someone could go there and not be killed by the person seeking revenge until they faced the community.

Joshua 21:1 The leaders of the Levite families approached Priest Eleazar, Joshua son of Nun, and the leaders of the other Israelite families.
Joshua 21:2 They talked to them at Shiloh in Canaan, saying, "God told us through Moses to give us cities to live in, with the surrounding land for our animals."
Joshua 21:3 The Israelites gave the Levites these cities and the land around them from their own land, as God had commanded.
Joshua 21:4 The Kohathite families got their land by casting lots. Aaron's descendants, who were Levites, received thirteen cities from the territories of Judah, Simeon, and Benjamin.
Joshua 21:5 The remaining descendants of Kohath received ten cities by drawing lots from the tribes of Ephraim, Dan, and the half-tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 21:6 Gershon's descendants received thirteen cities by lot from the tribes of Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, and from half of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan.
Joshua 21:7 The Merari family members received twelve cities from the Reuben, Gad, and Zebulun tribes.
Joshua 21:8 The people of Israel gave cities and surrounding land to the Levites by drawing lots, just as God ordered through Moses.
Joshua 21:9 They gave cities from the tribe of Judah and the tribe of Simeon, which are listed by name here.
Joshua 21:10 Aaron's descendants from the Kohathite clan, who were part of the Levi tribe, received this because they got the first share.
Joshua 21:11 They gave them the city of Arba, Anak's father's city, called Hebron, in Judah's hill country, and the surrounding suburbs.
Joshua 21:12 They gave the land around the city and its villages to Caleb, Jephunneh's son, for him to own.
Joshua 21:13 They gave Aaron's descendants Hebron, a safe city for someone who accidentally killed a person, and the area around it, plus Libnah and its surrounding area.
Joshua 21:14 Jattir and the surrounding area, Eshtemoa and the surrounding area,
Joshua 21:15 And Holon with the land around it, and Debir with the land around it,
Joshua 21:16 And Ain and its surrounding area, Juttah and its surrounding area, and Bethshemesh and its surrounding area; nine cities from those two tribes.
Joshua 21:17 From Benjamin's tribe, the towns Gibeon and Geba with their surrounding areas.
Joshua 21:18 Anathoth and its surrounding area, and Almon and its surrounding area; four cities.
Joshua 21:19 Aaron's descendants, who were priests, had thirteen cities with the land around them.
Joshua 21:20 The Kohathite families, the remaining Levites descended from Kohath, received towns as their share from the tribe of Ephraim.
Joshua 21:21 They gave them Shechem with its surrounding land in the hill country of Ephraim, to be a city of refuge for those who killed someone by accident, and Gezer with its surrounding land.
Joshua 21:22 Kibzaim and its surrounding area, and Bethhoron and its surrounding area; four cities.
Joshua 21:23 From Dan's tribe, Eltekeh and its surrounding lands, Gibbethon and its surrounding lands,
Joshua 21:24 Aijalon and its surrounding land, Gathrimmon and its surrounding land; four cities.
Joshua 21:25 From the half tribe of Manasseh came the towns of Tanach and Gathrimmon, along with the land around them; in total, two towns.
Joshua 21:26 There were ten cities with their surrounding lands for the remaining families of Kohath's children.
Joshua 21:27 They gave the Gershonite Levites from the half-tribe of Manasseh the city of Golan in Bashan and its surrounding lands to be a safe place for those who killed someone by accident; they also gave them Beeshterah and its surrounding lands—two cities in total.
Joshua 21:28 From the tribe of Issachar, Kishon and its surrounding lands, Dabareh and its surrounding lands.
Joshua 21:29 Jarmuth with its surrounding lands, Engannim with its surrounding lands; four cities.
Joshua 21:30 From the Asher tribe, the town of Mishal and the land around it, and the town of Abdon and the land around it.
Joshua 21:31 Helkath and its surrounding lands, and Rehob and its surrounding lands; four cities.
Joshua 21:32 From the Naphtali tribe, the city of Kedesh in Galilee and the surrounding area serve as a safe city for someone who killed another; also, the towns of Hammothdor and Kartan and their surrounding areas; three cities in total.
Joshua 21:33 The Gershonite family groups had thirteen cities with the land around them.
Joshua 21:34 To Merari's descendants, the other Levite families, from Zebulun's tribe, they gave Jokneam and its surrounding land, also Kartah and its surrounding land.
Joshua 21:35 Dimnah and its nearby lands, Nahalal and its nearby lands; four cities.
Joshua 21:36 From the tribe of Reuben, the towns Bezer and Jahazah and the areas around them,
Joshua 21:37 Kedemoth and the land around it, and Mephaath and the land around it; four cities.
Joshua 21:38 From the Gad tribe, the city Ramoth in Gilead and its surrounding land became a safe city for someone who killed another person by accident; and likewise, the city Mahanaim and its surrounding land.
Joshua 21:39 Heshbon and its surrounding lands, Jazer and its surrounding lands; in total, four cities.
Joshua 21:40 All the cities given to Merari's descendants by their families, which were left from the Levite families, totaled twelve cities as their share.
Joshua 21:41 The Levites had 48 towns within Israel's lands, each with surrounding land.
Joshua 21:42 Each of these cities had surrounding areas: that's how all these cities were.
Joshua 21:43 God gave Israel all the land he promised to their ancestors; they took it over and lived there.
Joshua 21:44 God gave them peace on all sides, just as he promised their ancestors. None of their enemies could stand against them; God gave them victory over all their enemies.
Joshua 21:45 Nothing good that God promised to the people of Israel failed; everything happened.

Joshua 22:1 Then Joshua called the people of Reuben, Gad, and the half group from Manasseh,
Joshua 22:2 He told them, "You have followed all that Moses, God's servant, ordered you to do, and you have listened to me in everything I commanded you."
Joshua 22:3 You have not left your relatives all this time until today, but have followed the orders of God's commandment.
Joshua 22:4 Now God has given your brothers peace, just as he promised. So go back to your tents and to your own land that Moses, God's servant, gave you across the Jordan River.
Joshua 22:5 Be careful to follow the command and laws that Moses, God's servant, gave you: love God, walk in all His paths, keep His commands, stay close to Him, and serve Him with all your heart and soul.
Joshua 22:6 Joshua blessed them and sent them off, and they went to their tents.
Joshua 22:7 Moses had given one half of the Manasseh tribe land in Bashan. Joshua gave the other half land among their relatives west of the Jordan River. When Joshua sent them to their homes, he blessed them.
Joshua 22:8 He told them, "Go back to your homes with lots of wealth, and lots of cows, silver, gold, bronze, iron, and many clothes: share what you took from your enemies with your brothers."
Joshua 22:9 The families from Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh left their kin from Israel in Shiloh, in Canaan, to return to Gilead, the land given to them as God promised through Moses.
Joshua 22:10 When they reached the Jordan River borders in Canaan, the Reubenites, Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh built a big altar there by the Jordan.
Joshua 22:11 The Israelites heard, "Look, the Reubenites, Gadites, and half-tribe of Manasseh built an altar near Canaan's land by the Jordan River where the Israelites cross."
Joshua 22:12 When the Israelites heard about it, they all met at Shiloh to prepare for battle against them.
Joshua 22:13 The Israelites sent Phinehas, son of Priest Eleazar, to the people of Reuben, Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh in Gilead.
Joshua 22:14 With him were ten leaders, one leader from each important family of all Israel's tribes; and each was in charge of their family among the many in Israel.
Joshua 22:15 They went to the descendants of Reuben, Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh in Gilead and talked to them, saying,
Joshua 22:16 The whole group of God's people says, "What wrong have you done against the God of Israel by building an altar for yourselves today? Are you turning away from God and rebelling against him?"
Joshua 22:17 Wasn't the sin at Peor enough for us, which we haven't been cleansed from to this day, even though there was a plague among God's people?
Joshua 22:18 But do you have to stop following God today? If you go against God today, He will be angry with all of Israel tomorrow.
Joshua 22:19 If your land is not clean, then go to the land that belongs to God, where God's tent stands, and settle with us. But do not go against God, or us, by making your own altar to compete with God's altar.
Joshua 22:20 Didn't Achan, Zerah's son, do wrong with the cursed item, and all the people of Israel faced anger? And he didn't die alone for his sin.
Joshua 22:21 The children of Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh replied to Israel's leaders.
Joshua 22:22 The God of all gods knows, and Israel will come to know; if we are rebelling, or if we are sinning against God, (do not save us today,)
Joshua 22:23 We built an altar not to stop following God, or to burn sacrifices or give grain offerings on it, or to make peace offerings there. If that's wrong, let God deal with it.
Joshua 22:24 If we didn't do it because we were afraid, thinking, 'Later, your kids might tell our kids, "What do you have to do with the God of Israel?"'
Joshua 22:25 God has made the Jordan River a border between us and you, Reuben's and Gad's children; you are not part of God, so your children will cause our children to stop respecting God.
Joshua 22:26 So we decided to make an altar, not for burnt offerings or sacrifices.
Joshua 22:27 Let this be a sign between us, you, and our future generations, so we can serve God in his presence with our burnt offerings, sacrifices, and peace offerings; so your children won't tell our children in the future, "You have no part in God."
Joshua 22:28 We said it would happen, that when later generations or we are asked, we can reply, 'Look at the model of God's altar, built by our ancestors not for burnt offerings or sacrifices, but as a sign between us and you.'
Joshua 22:29 Let's not sin by turning away from God today and making an altar for burnt, grain, or other offerings, apart from the one at God's tent.
Joshua 22:30 When Phinehas the priest, the leaders, and the chiefs of Israel's groups with him heard what the people of Reuben, Gad, and Manasseh said, they were happy.
Joshua 22:31 Phinehas, son of Eleazar the priest, said to the descendants of Reuben, Gad, and Manasseh, "Today we see that God is with us, for you did not do this wrong against God. Now you have saved the people of Israel from God's punishment."
Joshua 22:32 Phinehas, who was the son of the priest Eleazar, and the leaders, came back from the land of Gilead where the Reubenites and the Gadites lived, to Canaan, to tell the Israelites what happened.
Joshua 22:33 The Israelites liked this idea; they praised God and decided not to attack them or ruin the land where the Reubenites and Gadites lived.
Joshua 22:34 The children of Reuben and the children of Gad named the altar Ed: it will be a sign among us that God is God.

Joshua 23:1 Long after God gave Israel peace from all their enemies, Joshua grew very old.
Joshua 23:2 Joshua called all Israel, their elders, leaders, judges, and officials, and said to them, "I am old and advanced in years."
Joshua 23:3 You have seen everything God has done to these nations for your sake; God has fought for you.
Joshua 23:4 Look, I have given you these remaining nations as an inheritance for your tribes, from the Jordan River to the great sea in the west.
Joshua 23:5 God will force them out from in front of you and push them away from your view; and you will take over their land, just as God promised you.
Joshua 23:6 So be very brave to follow and do everything written in Moses' law book, without turning away to the right or the left.
Joshua 23:7 Do not join these nations still living among you; do not speak of their gods, swear by them, serve them, or bow down to them.
Joshua 23:8 Stick close to God, just as you've been doing until now.
Joshua 23:9 God has forced powerful nations out of your way: but no one has been able to defeat you up to now.
Joshua 23:10 One of you will chase a thousand because it is God who fights for you, just as he promised.
Joshua 23:11 Be very careful, then, to love God with all your heart.
Joshua 23:12 But if you turn away and join with the remaining nations among you, and marry them and they marry you:
Joshua 23:13 Be sure that God will not drive out these nations for you anymore. They will be like traps and whips to hurt you, and like thorns in your eyes, until you are gone from this good land God has given you.
Joshua 23:14 Look, today I am following the path of everyone on earth, and you know with all your hearts and souls that not one of the good things God promised you has failed; everything has happened for you, and not one promise has gone unfulfilled.
Joshua 23:15 So it will happen that just as all the good things God promised you have come to you, God will also bring all the bad things until he has destroyed you from this good land that God gave you.
Joshua 23:16 When you break God's agreement that he gave you, and follow and worship other gods, God will get very angry with you, and you will soon be destroyed and taken away from the good land he gave you.

Joshua 24:1 Joshua brought all the Israelite tribes to Shechem, called the Israeli elders, leaders, judges, and officials, and they came before God.
Joshua 24:2 Joshua told all the people, "God says, 'Long ago, your ancestors lived across the river, including Terah, Abraham's father, and Nachor's father, and they worshiped different gods.'"
Joshua 24:3 I brought your father Abraham from across the river, guided him through all of Canaan, increased his descendants, and gave him Isaac.
Joshua 24:4 I gave Isaac two sons, Jacob and Esau. I gave Esau the mountain of Seir to own, but Jacob and his family moved to Egypt.
Joshua 24:5 I sent Moses and Aaron, gave Egypt troubles like I did there, and then I rescued you.
Joshua 24:6 I led your ancestors out of Egypt; you reached the sea, and the Egyptians chased your ancestors with chariots and horsemen to the Red Sea.
Joshua 24:7 When they called out to God, he made darkness between you and the Egyptians, and he made the sea cover them; you saw what I did in Egypt, and you lived in the desert for a long time.
Joshua 24:8 I brought you into the land of the Amorites who lived across the Jordan River. They fought against you, but I handed them over to you. You took over their land, and I wiped them out before you.
Joshua 24:9 Then Balak, Zippor's son and king of Moab, got up and fought against Israel, and sent for Balaam, Beor's son, to curse you.
Joshua 24:10 But I refused to listen to Balaam; so he continued to bless you, and I saved you from his power.
Joshua 24:11 You crossed the Jordan River and reached Jericho. The people of Jericho, Amorites, Perizzites, Canaanites, Hittites, Girgashites, Hivites, and Jebusites fought you, but I gave you victory over them.
Joshua 24:12 I sent the hornet ahead of you, and it forced the two Amorite kings out, not by your sword or bow.
Joshua 24:13 I have given you land you didn't work for, cities you didn't build, and you live in them. You eat from vineyards and olive groves you didn't plant.
Joshua 24:14 Now respect God and serve him honestly and truly. Stop following the gods your ancestors worshiped across the river and in Egypt, and serve God instead.
Joshua 24:15 If serving God seems bad to you, decide today who you'll serve: the gods your ancestors worshiped beyond the river, or the Amorites' gods where you live. As for me and my family, we will serve God.
Joshua 24:16 The people responded, "No way should we leave God to worship other gods."
Joshua 24:17 For God, our God, is the one who brought us and our ancestors out of Egypt, the place of slavery, and performed those great wonders before our eyes, and protected us on our entire journey, and among all the nations we traveled through.
Joshua 24:18 God drove out from before us all the people, including the Amorites who lived in the land. So we will also serve God, because he is our God.
Joshua 24:19 Joshua told the people, "You cannot serve God because he is a holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your wrongdoings or your sins."
Joshua 24:20 If you abandon God and serve other gods, then he will change and harm you, destroying you after he has been good to you.
Joshua 24:21 The people told Joshua, "No, we will serve God."
Joshua 24:22 Joshua told the people, "You are your own witnesses that you have picked God to serve Him." And they replied, "We are witnesses."
Joshua 24:23 So he said, "Now get rid of the foreign gods you have, and turn your hearts to God, the God of Israel."
Joshua 24:24 The people told Joshua, "We will serve our God and listen to what he says."
Joshua 24:25 Joshua made an agreement with the people that day and gave them rules and laws in Shechem.
Joshua 24:26 Joshua wrote these words in God's Law Book, and put up a big rock under the oak tree near God's holy place.
Joshua 24:27 Joshua told all the people, "Look, this stone will be our witness. It has heard all of God's words that he spoke to us. It will be a witness for you, so you don't deny your God."
Joshua 24:28 Joshua sent the people away, each to their own land.
Joshua 24:29 After these events, Joshua, son of Nun and God's servant, died at the age of 110.
Joshua 24:30 They buried him in his land at Timnathserah in the hill country of Ephraim, north of Mount Gaash.
Joshua 24:31 Israel served God during Joshua's lifetime and the lifetime of the elders who outlived Joshua, who had seen all that God did for Israel.
Joshua 24:32 The bones of Joseph, which the Israelites carried from Egypt, were buried in Shechem, on a piece of land that Jacob purchased from Hamor's sons, Shechem's father, for a hundred silver coins. This land became Joseph's descendants' inheritance.
Joshua 24:33 Eleazar, Aaron's son, died; they buried him on a hill belonging to his son Phinehas, which he received in the Ephraim mountains.

Judges 1:1 After Joshua died, the Israelites asked God, "Who will lead us in battle against the Canaanites first?"
Judges 1:2 God said, "Judah will move forward: see, I have given him control of the land."
Judges 1:3 Judah said to his brother Simeon, "Come with me to my land so we can fight the Canaanites; and then I'll go with you to your land." So Simeon went with him.
Judges 1:4 Judah marched forward; God gave them victory over the Canaanites and Perizzites: they killed ten thousand men in Bezek.
Judges 1:5 They found Adonibezek in Bezek and fought him, killing the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
Judges 1:6 Adonibezek ran away, but they chased him, caught him, and cut off his thumbs and big toes.
Judges 1:7 Adonibezek said, "Seventy kings with their thumbs and big toes cut off used to pick up scraps under my table. Just as I did to them, God has paid me back." They took him to Jerusalem, and he died there.
Judges 1:8 The people of Judah fought against Jerusalem, captured it, struck it with the sword, and burned the city.
Judges 1:9 Later, the people of Judah went to battle the Canaanites living in the mountains, the south, and the valleys.
Judges 1:10 Judah fought against the Canaanites living in Hebron (previously called Kirjatharba) and killed Sheshai, Ahiman, and Talmai.
Judges 1:11 He left there to fight the people of Debir. Before, Debir was called Kirjathsepher.
Judges 1:12 Caleb said, "The person who attacks Kirjathsepher and captures it, I will give my daughter Achsah to him as his wife."
Judges 1:13 Othniel, Kenaz's son and Caleb's younger brother, captured the city. So Caleb gave his daughter Achsah to Othniel as his wife.
Judges 1:14 When she approached him, she persuaded him to request a field from her father. She got down from her donkey, and Caleb asked her, "What do you want?"
Judges 1:15 She said to him, "Give me a blessing because you've given me land in the south; also give me water springs." And Caleb gave her the upper and lower springs.
Judges 1:16 The Kenite children, who were relatives of Moses' father-in-law, left the city of palm trees with the Judah children. They traveled to the Judah wilderness in the south, near Arad, and lived there among the people.
Judges 1:17 Judah went with his brother Simeon, and they killed the Canaanites living in Zephath, completely destroying the city. The city was then named Hormah.
Judges 1:18 Judah captured Gaza and its surrounding area, as well as Askelon and its area, and Ekron with its area.
Judges 1:19 God was with Judah; he forced out the people of the mountains but could not force out the people of the valley because they had iron chariots.
Judges 1:20 They gave Hebron to Caleb, as Moses had said, and he drove out the three sons of Anak from there.
Judges 1:21 The Benjamin people did not force the Jebusites out of Jerusalem; instead, the Jebusites lived with the Benjamin people in Jerusalem until now.
Judges 1:22 Joseph's family went to fight against Bethel, and God was with them.
Judges 1:23 Joseph's family sent spies to check out Bethel (which was called Luz before).
Judges 1:24 The spies saw a man leave the city and they said to him, "Please show us how to get into the city, and we'll be kind to you."
Judges 1:25 When he showed them how to get into the city, they struck the city with their swords, but they spared the man and his family.
Judges 1:26 The man went to the Hittites' land, built a city, and named it Luz, which it is still called today.
Judges 1:27 Manasseh did not remove the people of Bethshean and its villages, or those of Taanach and its villages, or those of Dor and its villages, or those of Ibleam and its villages, or those of Megiddo and its villages. Instead, the Canaanites continued to live in that area.
Judges 1:28 When Israel became strong, they made the Canaanites pay taxes but did not completely force them out.
Judges 1:29 Ephraim did not force the Canaanites out of Gezer; instead, the Canaanites lived in Gezer with them.
Judges 1:30 Zebulun did not force the people of Kitron or Nahalol to leave. Instead, the Canaanites lived with them and had to pay taxes.
Judges 1:31 Asher did not force out the people of Accho, Zidon, Ahlab, Achzib, Helbah, Aphik, or Rehob.
Judges 1:32 The people of Asher lived with the Canaanites, who were living in the land, because they did not force them out.
Judges 1:33 Naphtali did not force out the people of Bethshemesh or Bethanath; instead, he lived among the Canaanites who were living in the land. However, the people of Bethshemesh and Bethanath paid tribute to them.
Judges 1:34 The Amorites pushed the people of Dan into the mountains because they didn't let them go down to the valley.
Judges 1:35 The Amorites wanted to live in Mount Heres, Aijalon, and Shaalbim, but the people of Joseph were stronger and made them pay taxes.
Judges 1:36 The Amorites' territory started at Akrabbim, went from the rock, and stretched upward.

Judges 2:1 An angel of God came from Gilgal to Bochim and said, "I brought you out of Egypt and into the land I promised your ancestors; and I said, I will always keep my promise to you."
Judges 2:2 Do not make agreements with the people of this land; destroy their places of worship. But you did not listen to me: why did you do this?
Judges 2:3 So I said, I won't force them out from your way; but they will be like thorns to bother you, and their gods will trap you.
Judges 2:4 When God's angel said these things to all the Israelites, the people raised their voice and cried.
Judges 2:5 They named that place Bochim and offered sacrifices to God there.
Judges 2:6 After Joshua sent the people away, every Israelite went to their own land to take it over.
Judges 2:7 The people worshiped God during Joshua's lifetime and while the older leaders lived, those who had seen all the great things God had done for Israel.
Judges 2:8 Joshua, Nun's son and God's servant, died at 110 years old.
Judges 2:9 They buried him at the edge of his land in Timnath Heres, in the hills of Ephraim, north of Mount Gaash.
Judges 2:10 That whole generation passed away, and a new generation grew up after them who didn't know God or remember what He had done for Israel.
Judges 2:11 The Israelites did bad things that God saw, and they worshipped Baal gods.
Judges 2:12 They left the God of their ancestors who had led them out of Egypt, and chased after other gods from the surrounding peoples, worshiping them and making God angry.
Judges 2:13 They left God and worshiped Baal and Ashtaroth.
Judges 2:14 God was very angry with Israel, so he let raiders come to rob them and sold them to their surrounding enemies, making it impossible for them to resist those enemies.
Judges 2:15 Wherever they went, God's hand was against them for harm, just as God had said and promised, and they were in great trouble.
Judges 2:16 However, God appointed leaders who saved them from their attackers.
Judges 2:17 Still, they wouldn't listen to their judges. They chased after other gods, worshipping them. They quickly left the path their ancestors followed, the one where they obeyed God's commands; but they did not do the same.
Judges 2:18 When God gave them judges, God was with the judge and saved them from their enemies for as long as that judge lived. God felt sorry for them because they were groaning under those who were pressing and troubling them.
Judges 2:19 After the judge died, they turned back and behaved worse than their ancestors, by following and worshiping other gods, and by bowing down to them. They didn't stop their actions or their stubborn behavior.
Judges 2:20 God was very angry with Israel and said, "Because these people have broken the agreement I made with their ancestors and have not listened to me;
Judges 2:21 From now on, I will not force out any of the nations that Joshua left behind when he died.
Judges 2:22 I will test Israel with these commands to see if they will follow God's path as their ancestors did or not.
Judges 2:23 So God did not quickly remove those nations, nor did he hand them over to Joshua.

Judges 3:1 These are the nations God left to test Israel, especially those in Israel who had not experienced all the Canaan wars.
Judges 3:2 The idea was that Israel's descendants should learn about war, especially those who had never known it before.
Judges 3:3 Specifically, five rulers of the Philistines, all the Canaanites, the Sidonians, and the Hivites living in Mount Lebanon, from Mount Baal Hermon to the entrance of Hamath.
Judges 3:4 They were used to test Israel, to see if they would follow God's commands given to their ancestors through Moses.
Judges 3:5 The Israelites lived among the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Judges 3:6 They married their daughters and gave their daughters to their sons and worshiped their gods.
Judges 3:7 The Israelites did bad things that God saw, forgot God, and worshiped Baal and the Asherah poles.
Judges 3:8 So God was very angry with Israel, and he let the king of Mesopotamia, Chushanrishathaim, defeat them. The people of Israel had to serve Chushanrishathaim for eight years.
Judges 3:9 When the Israelites called out to God, God gave them a rescuer, Othniel the son of Kenaz and Caleb's younger brother, who saved them.
Judges 3:10 God's Spirit came upon him, and he led Israel. He went to battle, and God helped him defeat Chushanrishathaim, the king of Mesopotamia; he overpowered Chushanrishathaim.
Judges 3:11 The land was peaceful for forty years. Then Othniel, Kenaz's son, passed away.
Judges 3:12 The Israelites did wrong before God again, and God gave Eglon, the king of Moab, power over Israel because they had done wrong in God's eyes.
Judges 3:13 He brought together the people of Ammon and Amalek, attacked Israel, and took over the city of palm trees.
Judges 3:14 The Israelites served King Eglon of Moab for eighteen years.
Judges 3:15 When the Israelites called out to God, God gave them a savior, Ehud, Gera's son from the tribe of Benjamin, who was left-handed. Through him, the Israelites sent a gift to Eglon, the king of Moab.
Judges 3:16 Ehud made a two-edged dagger about eighteen inches long and tied it under his clothes on his right thigh.
Judges 3:17 He gave the gift to Eglon, the king of Moab, who was very fat.
Judges 3:18 After he finished giving the gift, he let the people who carried the gift go.
Judges 3:19 However, he turned back from the stone-cutting place near Gilgal and said, "I have a private message for you, king." The king replied, "Be quiet." Then everyone with him left.
Judges 3:20 Ehud went to him while he was sitting alone in a summer room. Ehud said, "I have a message from God for you." Then he stood up from his chair.
Judges 3:21 Ehud reached out with his left hand, took the dagger from his right thigh, and stabbed it into his stomach.
Judges 3:22 The handle followed the blade into the body; the fat closed over the blade, so he couldn't pull the knife from his stomach; and the insides spilled out.
Judges 3:23 Then Ehud went out through the entryway, closed the doors of the room behind him, and locked them.
Judges 3:24 After he left, his servants arrived, and seeing the locked room doors, they thought, "He must be resting in his cool room."
Judges 3:25 They waited until they felt embarrassed. When the doors to the room didn't open, they used a key to unlock them and found their master lying dead on the ground.
Judges 3:26 Ehud got away while they waited, went past the stone-cutting places, and ran to Seirath.
Judges 3:27 When he arrived, he sounded a trumpet on Mount Ephraim, and the Israelites followed him down, with him leading the way.
Judges 3:28 He told them, "Follow me, for God has given us victory over the Moabites, our enemies." So they followed him, captured the crossing places of the Jordan River that led to Moab, and did not allow anyone to cross.
Judges 3:29 They killed about ten thousand strong and brave men from Moab at that time, and not a single man escaped.
Judges 3:30 So Moab was defeated that day by Israel, and the land was at peace for eighty years.
Judges 3:31 After him, Shamgar son of Anath killed 600 Philistine men with an ox-goad and he also saved Israel.

Judges 4:1 The Israelites once more did bad things that God saw, after Ehud died.
Judges 4:2 God gave them over to Jabin, the king of Canaan, who ruled in Hazor. Sisera, the commander of his army, lived in Harosheth of the nations.
Judges 4:3 The Israelites cried out to God because he had 900 iron chariots and for twenty years he greatly oppressed the Israelites.
Judges 4:4 Deborah, a prophetess and Lapidoth's wife, led Israel during that time.
Judges 4:5 She lived under Deborah's palm tree between Ramah and Bethel in the hills of Ephraim, and the Israelites came to her for decisions.
Judges 4:6 She sent for Barak, son of Abinoam, from Kedesh in Naphtali and told him, "Hasn't God of Israel ordered you to go to Mount Tabor and take ten thousand men from Naphtali and Zebulun with you?"
Judges 4:7 I will bring Sisera, the leader of Jabin's army, to you at the Kishon River, with his chariots and troops; and I will give him into your control.
Judges 4:8 Barak said to her, "If you go with me, I will go; but if you don't go with me, I won't go."
Judges 4:9 She said, "I will definitely go with you. However, this trip you are making won't bring you glory, because God will let a woman defeat Sisera." Then Deborah got up and went with Barak to Kedesh.
Judges 4:10 Barak summoned Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh, and he led ten thousand troops. Deborah also went with him.
Judges 4:11 Heber the Kenite, from the family of Hobab, Moses' father-in-law, had moved away from the Kenites and set up his tent near Kedesh in the Zaanaim area.
Judges 4:12 They told Sisera that Barak, son of Abinoam, had gone up to Mount Tabor.
Judges 4:13 Sisera brought together all his chariots, nine hundred iron chariots, and all his men, from Harosheth of the Nations to the Kishon River.
Judges 4:14 Deborah told Barak, "Get up; today is the day God has given Sisera to you. Hasn't God gone ahead of you?" So Barak went down from Mount Tabor with ten thousand men following him.
Judges 4:15 God confused Sisera and all his chariots and soldiers with the edge of the sword in front of Barak; Sisera got down from his chariot and ran away on foot.
Judges 4:16 But Barak chased the chariots and army to Harosheth of the Nations, and all Sisera's army was killed by the sword; no one survived.
Judges 4:17 However, Sisera ran to Jael's tent, the wife of Heber the Kenite, because there was peace between King Jabin of Hazor and Heber's family.
Judges 4:18 Jael went to meet Sisera and told him, "Come in, sir, come in to my place; don't be afraid." When he went in to her tent, she covered him with a blanket.
Judges 4:19 He said to her, "Please give me some water to drink; I'm thirsty." She opened a container of milk, gave him a drink, and covered him up.
Judges 4:20 He told her again, "Stand at the tent door. If a man comes and asks you, 'Is there a man here?' you must say 'No.'"
Judges 4:21 Jael, Heber's wife, got a tent peg and a hammer, quietly approached him, drove the peg into his head, and pinned it to the ground because he was sound asleep and tired. And so, he died.
Judges 4:22 Look, as Barak chased Sisera, Jael went out to meet him and said, "Come, I will show you the man you are looking for." And when he went into her tent, there lay Sisera dead with a nail in his head.
Judges 4:23 God defeated King Jabin of Canaan that day for the Israelites.
Judges 4:24 The Israelites succeeded and overcame King Jabin of Canaan until they had defeated him completely.

Judges 5:1 Deborah and Barak, Abinoam's son, sang on that day, saying,
Judges 5:2 Praise God for rescuing Israel when the people freely gave themselves to help.
Judges 5:3 Listen, kings; pay attention, princes; I will sing to God; I will praise the God of Israel.
Judges 5:4 God, when you came from Seir, when you marched from Edom's land, the earth shook, and the sky poured rain, the clouds also poured water.
Judges 5:5 The mountains melted before God, including Sinai before the God of Israel.
Judges 5:6 During the time of Shamgar, Anath's son, and when Jael lived, the main roads were empty, and travelers took side paths.
Judges 5:7 People in the villages stopped, they stopped in Israel, until I, Deborah, stood up, until I stood up as a mother in Israel.
Judges 5:8 They picked new gods; then war broke out in the cities: did anyone see a shield or spear among forty thousand in Israel?
Judges 5:9 I care deeply for the leaders of Israel who volunteered among the people. Praise God.
Judges 5:10 Talk, you who ride white donkeys, you who make decisions, and you who travel on the roads.
Judges 5:11 Those saved from the archers' noise by the water wells will talk about God's good deeds, including his kindness to his people in Israel's villages. Then God's people will go to the city gates.
Judges 5:12 Wake up, wake up, Deborah: wake up, wake up, sing a song: get up, Barak, and take your prisoners, you son of Abinoam.
Judges 5:13 Then he let those who were left rule over the leaders of the people: God made me rule over the strong.
Judges 5:14 From Ephraim came warriors against Amalek; following you, Benjamin, with your people; from Machir came leaders, and from Zebulun, those skilled with the writer's pen.
Judges 5:15 The leaders of Issachar supported Deborah; Issachar and Barak too: Barak went down to the valley on foot. The people of Reuben seriously considered their choices.
Judges 5:16 Why did you stay among the sheep pens, listening to the flocks' cries? The people of Reuben deeply questioned themselves.
Judges 5:17 Gilead lived across the Jordan River, and why did Dan stay with ships? Asher stayed by the sea coast and lived in his harbors.
Judges 5:18 Zebulun and Naphtali were people who risked their lives to the point of death on the high parts of the field.
Judges 5:19 Kings came and fought, then Canaan's kings fought near Megiddo's waters; they got no money.
Judges 5:20 They battled from the sky; the stars in their paths battled against Sisera.
Judges 5:21 The Kishon River carried them off, that old river, the Kishon River. Oh, my soul, you have walked on power.
Judges 5:22 Then the horses' hooves were broken from the galloping, the galloping of the strong ones.
Judges 5:23 God's messenger said, "Curse Meroz; curse its people harshly because they did not help God fight against the strong enemies."
Judges 5:24 Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite, will be more blessed than other women, and in the tent, she will be the most blessed among women.
Judges 5:25 He asked for water, and she gave him milk; she served cream in a fine bowl.
Judges 5:26 She held the nail and took the worker's hammer in her right hand. With the hammer she hit Sisera, knocked off his head after she had stabbed and gone through his temples.
Judges 5:27 He knelt at her feet, fell, and lay there. Where he knelt, he fell dead.
Judges 5:28 Sisera's mother looked out the window and cried through the lattice, "Why is his chariot taking so long to come? Why are the wheels of his chariot delayed?"
Judges 5:29 Her smart women replied to her, yes, she even answered herself.
Judges 5:30 Did they not hurry? Did they not share the loot, with each man getting a girl or two, and Sisera getting colorful embroidered garments, colorful and richly worked cloths, suitable to wrap around the victors' necks?
Judges 5:31 May all your enemies die, God, but may those who love him shine like the sun at its strongest. And the land was at peace for forty years.

Judges 6:1 The Israelites did bad things in front of God, so God let Midian control them for seven years.
Judges 6:2 The Midianites overpowered Israel, so the Israelites hid in mountain dens, caves, and strongholds.
Judges 6:3 So when Israel planted crops, the Midianites, the Amalekites, and the Easterners came to attack them.
Judges 6:4 They camped against them, ruined the crops of the land up to Gaza, and left Israel nothing to eat; no sheep, no oxen, no donkeys.
Judges 6:5 They arrived with their animals and tents, countless like locusts; they and their camels were too many to count, and they invaded the land to ruin it.
Judges 6:6 Israel became very poor because of the Midianites; and the people of Israel called out to God for help.
Judges 6:7 When the Israelites cried out to God because of the Midianites,
Judges 6:8 God sent a prophet to the people of Israel, who told them, "This is what God of Israel says: I took you out of Egypt, and I freed you from slavery."
Judges 6:9 I saved you from the Egyptians and from all who oppressed you, I forced them out of your way, and I gave you their land.
Judges 6:10 I told you, 'I am God, your God; do not fear the gods of the Amorites where you live.' But you did not listen to me.
Judges 6:11 An angel from God came and sat under an oak tree in Ophrah, which belonged to Joash from the Abiezrite family. His son Gideon was beating out wheat near the winepress to keep it hidden from the Midianites.
Judges 6:12 God's messenger appeared to him and said, "God is with you, brave man."
Judges 6:13 And Gideon said to him, "Oh my God, if God is with us, why has all this happened to us? And where are all the miracles that our ancestors told us about, saying, 'Didn't God bring us out of Egypt?' But now God has left us and let the Midianites defeat us."
Judges 6:14 God looked at him and said, "Go with your strength and you will rescue Israel from the Midianites. Haven't I sent you?"
Judges 6:15 He said to him, "Oh my God, how can I save Israel? My family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house."
Judges 6:16 God said to him, "I will surely be with you, and you will defeat the Midianites as if they were one person."
Judges 6:17 He said to him, "If I have now found favor with you, then show me a sign that you are speaking to me."
Judges 6:18 Please don't leave until I come back to you, bring my gift, and present it to you. And he said, I will wait until you return.
Judges 6:19 Gideon went in, cooked a young goat, and made bread without yeast from a large amount of flour. He put the meat in a basket and the soup in a pot, then took them to the oak tree and gave them to him.
Judges 6:20 God's messenger told him, "Put the meat and bread without yeast on this rock, and pour the soup over them." And he did it.
Judges 6:21 Then the angel of God reached out with the staff in his hand, touched the meat and bread without yeast, and fire came up from the rock and ate up the meat and the bread. Then the angel of God left from his sight.
Judges 6:22 When Gideon realized he was an angel of God, he said, "Oh no, God! I have seen an angel of God face to face."
Judges 6:23 God said to him, "Peace to you; do not be afraid: you will not die."
Judges 6:24 Gideon made an altar there for God and named it "The Lord is Peace." It is still in Ophrah of the Abiezrites to this day.
Judges 6:25 That night, God told him, "Take your father's young bull, the seven-year-old second one, and destroy the altar of Baal that belongs to your father, and also cut down the wooden image next to it."
Judges 6:26 Make an altar for God on top of this rock where it is supposed to be, and use the second bull to give a burned offering with the wood from the trees you cut down.
Judges 6:27 Gideon took ten of his men and did what God had told him to do. Because he was afraid of his family and the people in the city, he did it at night instead of during the day.
Judges 6:28 When the city people got up early in the morning, they saw the altar of Baal had been knocked over, the trees around it had been chopped down, and the second bull had been sacrificed on the new altar.
Judges 6:29 They asked each other, "Who did this?" When they investigated and asked around, they learned that Gideon, Joash's son, had done it.
Judges 6:30 The city men said to Joash, "Bring out your son so he can die, because he destroyed Baal's altar, and he also cut down the wooden idols near it."
Judges 6:31 Joash said to those against him, "Are you going to argue for Baal? Will you rescue him? Anyone who argues for him should be killed before morning. If Baal is a god, let him argue for himself, since someone has destroyed his altar."
Judges 6:32 So on that day he named him Jerubbaal, meaning, let Baal fight against him because he tore down Baal's altar.
Judges 6:33 All the Midianites, Amalekites, and eastern people gathered and camped in the Jezreel Valley.
Judges 6:34 God's Spirit came on Gideon, and he sounded a trumpet; then Abiezer joined him.
Judges 6:35 He sent messengers through all Manasseh, who joined him. He also sent messengers to Asher, Zebulun, and Naphtali, and they came to meet them.
Judges 6:36 Gideon said to God, "If you will save Israel through me, as you have said,
Judges 6:37 I will place a piece of wool on the ground; if there is dew only on the wool and it's dry everywhere else, then I will know that you will save Israel through me, as you have promised.
Judges 6:38 It happened: He got up early the next morning, squeezed the wool together, and wrung out a bowl full of water from the wool.
Judges 6:39 Gideon said to God, "Please don't be angry with me, and I will speak just this time: let me do one test with the fleece. Let the fleece alone be dry, and let there be dew on all the ground around it."
Judges 6:40 God did that night; the wool was dry, but the ground was wet with dew.

Judges 7:1 Jerubbaal, also known as Gideon, and all his companions got up early and set up camp near Harod's well. The Midianite army was to the north of them, near Moreh hill in the valley.
Judges 7:2 God told Gideon, "You have too many people for me to let you defeat the Midianites. Otherwise, Israel will boast and say, 'We saved ourselves.'"
Judges 7:3 Now, go and tell the people, "Anyone who is scared or afraid can leave Mount Gilead and go home early." So twenty-two thousand people went back, and ten thousand stayed.
Judges 7:4 God told Gideon, "There are still too many people; take them to the water and I will test them for you there. Whoever I choose for you to take, they will go with you; and whoever I choose not to go, they will not go with you."
Judges 7:5 He led the people to the water, and God told Gideon, "Separate those who lap the water with their tongues like a dog from those who kneel down to drink."
Judges 7:6 Three hundred men scooped water with their hands to drink, but all the others knelt down to drink water directly.
Judges 7:7 God told Gideon, "I will save you by the 300 men who lapped water. I will give you victory over the Midianites. Let all the other people go home."
Judges 7:8 The people took food and their trumpets in their hands. He sent the rest of Israel to their tents, but kept the 300 men. The Midian army was down in the valley below him.
Judges 7:9 That night, God told him, "Get up and go down to the army camp, because I have given it to you."
Judges 7:10 If you're afraid to go, take your servant Phurah with you to the camp.
Judges 7:11 You will listen to what they say, and then you will feel stronger to go to the army. Then he went with Phurah, his servant, to the edge of where the soldiers in the army were.
Judges 7:12 The Midianites, Amalekites, and all the people from the east were spread out in the valley, very numerous like grasshoppers; and there were so many camels, they were as countless as the sand on the seashore.
Judges 7:13 When Gideon arrived, he saw a man who was telling his friend about a dream. He said, "I had a dream where a barley bread loaf rolled into the Midianite camp, hit a tent, knocked it down, and turned it upside down so the tent was flat on the ground."
Judges 7:14 His friend replied, "This is certainly the sword of Gideon, Joash's son, an Israelite man. God has given Midian and their whole army into his hand."
Judges 7:15 When Gideon heard the dream and its meaning, he worshipped, went back to Israel's army, and said, "Get up; for God has given you the army of Midian."
Judges 7:16 He split the three hundred men into three groups and gave each man a trumpet, with empty jars, and torches inside the jars.
Judges 7:17 He told them, "Watch me and do the same. When I get to the camp's edge, do as I do."
Judges 7:18 When I sound the trumpet, me and everyone with me, then you also blow the trumpets around the whole camp and shout, "The sword for God and for Gideon!"
Judges 7:19 Gideon and his 100 men reached the edge of the camp at the start of the middle watch, just after the guards started their shift. They blew their trumpets and smashed the jars in their hands.
Judges 7:20 The three groups sounded the trumpets, broke the jars, held the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow them: and they shouted, "The sword of God and of Gideon."
Judges 7:21 They stood, each in their spot, around the camp; and the whole army ran, shouted, and ran away.
Judges 7:22 The three hundred blew their trumpets, and God made every man fight against his comrade, and they all fled to Bethshittah in Zererath and near Abelmeholah, as far as Tabbath.
Judges 7:23 The men of Israel came together from Naphtali, Asher, and all Manasseh, and chased the Midianites.
Judges 7:24 Gideon sent messengers all over the hills of Ephraim saying, "Come fight the Midianites and control the water areas near Bethbarah and the Jordan River." So all the Ephraim men joined together and took control of the water areas near Bethbarah and the Jordan River.
Judges 7:25 They captured two Midianite leaders, Oreb and Zeeb. They killed Oreb at the rock of Oreb, and Zeeb at the winepress of Zeeb. Then they chased the Midianites and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon across the Jordan River.

Judges 8:1 The men from Ephraim asked him, "Why did you treat us like this, not calling us when you went to fight the Midianites?" And they argued with him strongly.
Judges 8:2 He asked them, "What have I done compared to you? Aren't even the leftovers of Ephraim's grapes better than Abiezer's full harvest?"
Judges 8:3 God has given you control over Midian's leaders, Oreb and Zeeb. What could I have done compared to you? Then they were no longer angry with him after he said this.
Judges 8:4 Gideon reached the Jordan river, crossed it, and with his three hundred men who were tired but still chasing the enemy.
Judges 8:5 He asked the people of Succoth, "Please give some bread to my followers; they're tired, and I'm chasing Zebah and Zalmunna, the Midianite leaders."
Judges 8:6 The leaders of Succoth said, "Do you have Zebah and Zalmunna captured already, that we should give bread to your soldiers?"
Judges 8:7 Gideon said, "So when God gives me Zebah and Zalmunna, I'll hurt your skin with wild thorns and prickly plants."
Judges 8:8 He went from there to Penuel and spoke to them in the same way; and the people of Penuel replied just as the people of Succoth had.
Judges 8:9 He also told the men of Penuel, "When I come back safely, I will tear down this tower."
Judges 8:10 Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor with their armies, about fifteen thousand men, the only survivors from the eastern people's armies, because one hundred and twenty thousand swordsmen had died.
Judges 8:11 Gideon traveled along the path near the tent-dwellers east of Nobah and Jogbehah and attacked the army, because the army felt safe.
Judges 8:12 When Zebah and Zalmunna ran away, he chased them and captured the two Midianite kings, Zebah and Zalmunna, and defeated their whole army.
Judges 8:13 Gideon, Joash's son, came back from the fight before sunrise.
Judges 8:14 They caught a young man from Succoth, asked him questions, and he told them about Succoth's leaders and elders, all seventy-seven men.
Judges 8:15 He went to the people of Succoth and said, "Here are Zebah and Zalmunna. You mocked me before, asking, 'Do you have Zebah and Zalmunna captured so we should give your tired men bread?'"
Judges 8:16 He gathered the city elders, wild thorns, and briers, and with these, he punished the people of Succoth.
Judges 8:17 He destroyed the tower of Penuel and killed the city's men.
Judges 8:18 He asked Zebah and Zalmunna, "What kind of men did you kill at Tabor?" They replied, "They looked like you, every one of them seemed like a prince's son."
Judges 8:19 He said, "They were my brothers, my own mother's sons. If you had let them live, I wouldn't kill you."
Judges 8:20 He told his oldest son Jether, "Get up and kill them." But the boy did not pull out his sword because he was scared, since he was still young.
Judges 8:21 Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, "Get up and attack us, for a man's power matches his own ability." And Gideon got up, killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and removed the decorations from their camels' necks.
Judges 8:22 The men of Israel said to Gideon, "Be our leader, you, your son, and your grandson, because you saved us from Midian."
Judges 8:23 Gideon said to them, "I will not be your ruler, nor will my son be your ruler: God will be your ruler."
Judges 8:24 Gideon said to them, "I have a favor to ask: please give me the gold earrings you took from your captives." (They had gold earrings because they were Ishmaelites.)
Judges 8:25 They replied, "We will gladly give them." They laid out a cloth and each man threw in the earrings he had taken.
Judges 8:26 The gold earrings he asked for weighed 1,700 shekels, not counting the fancy clothes, necklaces, purple garments worn by Midianite kings, or the chains on their camels' necks.
Judges 8:27 Gideon made a special vest from them and placed it in his city, Ophrah, and all Israel chased after it, which trapped Gideon and his family.
Judges 8:28 Midian was defeated by the Israelites, so they were no longer a threat. And there was peace in the land for forty years during Gideon's time.
Judges 8:29 Jerubbaal, Joash's son, went and lived in his own house.
Judges 8:30 Gideon had seventy sons of his own, because he had many wives.
Judges 8:31 His companion in Shechem also had a son for him, and he named him Abimelech.
Judges 8:32 Gideon, son of Joash, died at an old age and was buried in his father Joash's tomb, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.
Judges 8:33 After Gideon died, the Israelites turned back and followed other gods, choosing Baalberith as their god.
Judges 8:34 The Israelites forgot God, who had saved them from all their enemies around them.
Judges 8:35 They did not show kindness to Jerubbaal's family, Gideon, despite all the good he had done for Israel.

Judges 9:1 Abimelech, Jerubbaal's son, went to Shechem to his mother's brothers, talked with them, and with all his mother's father's family, saying,
Judges 9:2 Please tell everyone in Shechem: What's better for you—to have all seventy sons of Jerubbaal rule over you, or just one person? And remember, I am your own family.
Judges 9:3 His mother's relatives spoke about him to all the men of Shechem, saying all these things: and they felt moved to support Abimelech because they said, "He is our brother."
Judges 9:4 They gave him seventy silver coins from the temple of Baalberith, and with this money, Abimelech paid worthless and reckless men to follow him.
Judges 9:5 He went to his father's home in Ophrah and killed his seventy brothers, the sons of Jerubbaal, on a single stone. However, Jotham, the youngest son of Jerubbaal, survived because he had hidden.
Judges 9:6 All the men of Shechem and the family of Millo came together and declared Abimelech as king near the tree in Shechem.
Judges 9:7 When they reported this to Jotham, he climbed to the top of Mount Gerizim, raised his voice, and shouted, saying to them, "Listen to me, men of Shechem, so that God will listen to you."
Judges 9:8 The trees once set out to choose a king for themselves; they asked the olive tree, "Be our ruler."
Judges 9:9 The olive tree said to them, "Should I give up my richness, which is used to honor both God and people, to rule over the trees?"
Judges 9:10 The trees said to the fig tree, "Come and be our leader."
Judges 9:11 The fig tree answered, "Should I give up my sweetness and good fruit to rule over the trees?"
Judges 9:12 Then the trees said to the grapevine, "Come and be our leader."
Judges 9:13 The vine said to them, "Should I stop making wine, which makes both God and people happy, to rule over the trees?"
Judges 9:14 Then all the trees said to the thorny bush, "Come and be our king."
Judges 9:15 The bramble said to the trees, "If you really make me your king, come and rest in my shade. But if not, let fire come from me and burn the cedars of Lebanon."
Judges 9:16 So, if you have honestly and truly made Abimelech king, and you have treated Jerubbaal and his family well, giving him what his actions deserved;
Judges 9:17 My father fought for you, risked his life greatly, and saved you from the power of Midian.
Judges 9:18 Today, you have turned against my father's family, killed his seventy sons on one stone, and made Abimelech, the maidservant's son, king of Shechem's people because he is your brother.
Judges 9:19 If you have been honest and sincere with Jerubbaal and his family today, then be happy about Abimelech, and let him be happy about you.
Judges 9:20 But if not, let fire come from Abimelech and burn the men of Shechem and the house of Millo; and let fire come from the men of Shechem and the house of Millo and burn Abimelech.
Judges 9:21 Jotham ran away and hid in Beer because he was afraid of his brother Abimelech.
Judges 9:22 After Abimelech had been king of Israel for three years,
Judges 9:23 God sent a bad spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem, and the men of Shechem betrayed Abimelech.
Judges 9:24 To punish the killing of Jerubbaal's 70 sons, let the guilt fall on their brother Abimelech who killed them, and on the men of Shechem who helped him.
Judges 9:25 The men of Shechem hid on the mountain tops to ambush him, stealing from everyone who passed by, and this was reported to Abimelech.
Judges 9:26 Gaal, Ebed's son, arrived with his brothers and moved to Shechem where the Shechem people started to trust him.
Judges 9:27 They went to the fields, collected grapes from the vineyards, pressed the grapes, celebrated, entered their god's temple, ate, drank, and insulted Abimelech.
Judges 9:28 Gaal, Ebed's son, asked, "Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem that we must serve him? Isn't he Jerubbaal's son and Zebul his assistant? Serve Hamor's family, Shechem's father. Why should we serve Abimelech?"
Judges 9:29 I wish these people were under my control! Then I would get rid of Abimelech. He told Abimelech, "Get more soldiers and come out to fight."
Judges 9:30 When Zebul, the city leader, heard what Gaal, Ebed's son, said, he became very angry.
Judges 9:31 He secretly sent messengers to Abimelech, saying, "Look, Gaal son of Ebed and his brothers have come to Shechem, and they are strengthening the city against you."
Judges 9:32 Get up at night, you and the people with you, and hide in the field.
Judges 9:33 In the morning, when the sun comes up, wake up early and get ready to attack the city. And when he and his people come out to fight you, you can do whatever you think is best.
Judges 9:34 Abimelech and all his followers got up at night and set up ambushes around Shechem in four groups.
Judges 9:35 Gaal, Ebed's son, went out and stood at the city gate entrance. Abimelech and his people got up from their hiding place.
Judges 9:36 When Gaal noticed the crowd, he told Zebul, "Look, there are people coming down from the mountain tops." Zebul replied, "You're seeing the mountain shadows looking like people."
Judges 9:37 Gaal spoke again and said, "Look, there are people coming down through the center of the land, and another group is coming by the Plain of Meonenim."
Judges 9:38 Zebul asked him, "Where are your bragging words now? You said, 'Who is Abimelech that we should serve him?' Isn't this the group you looked down on? Please, go out and battle them now."
Judges 9:39 Gaal led the men of Shechem and battled against Abimelech.
Judges 9:40 Abimelech chased him, and he ran away. Many were knocked down and hurt, up to the gate.
Judges 9:41 Abimelech lived at Arumah, and Zebul forced Gaal and his brothers out so they couldn't live in Shechem.
Judges 9:42 The next day, the people went into the field, and they told Abimelech.
Judges 9:43 He took the people, split them into three groups, hid in the field, watched as the people came out of the city, then attacked and defeated them.
Judges 9:44 Abimelech and his group charged ahead and stopped at the city gate entrance, while the two other groups attacked everyone in the fields and killed them.
Judges 9:45 Abimelech fought against the city all day; he captured the city, killed the people in it, destroyed the city, and covered it with salt.
Judges 9:46 When all the men from Shechem's tower heard that, they went into a strong room in the temple of the god Berith.
Judges 9:47 People told Abimelech that all the men from Shechem's tower had come together.
Judges 9:48 Abimelech and his followers went up Mount Zalmon. He took an axe and cut off a tree branch, put it on his shoulder, and told his followers, "Quickly do as you have seen me do."
Judges 9:49 Everyone cut down branches, followed Abimelech, piled them against the stronghold, and set it on fire. So all the people in Shechem's tower died—about a thousand men and women.
Judges 9:50 Abimelech went to Thebez, camped against it, and captured it.
Judges 9:51 Inside the city, there was a strong tower where all the city's men and women ran to, closed the door, and went up to the top.
Judges 9:52 Abimelech went to the tower, fought it, and got close to the tower's door to set it on fire.
Judges 9:53 A woman dropped a millstone piece on Abimelech's head, breaking it.
Judges 9:54 He quickly called to his young armor-bearer and said, "Pull out your sword and kill me, so people won't say a woman killed me." His assistant stabbed him, and he died.
Judges 9:55 When the men of Israel saw that Abimelech had died, they all went back to their homes.
Judges 9:56 So God paid back Abimelech for the evil he did to his father by killing his seventy brothers.
Judges 9:57 God made the evil men of Shechem pay for their wrongs, and Jotham, Jerubbaal's son, cursed them.

Judges 10:1 After Abimelech, Tola son of Puah, Dodo's son from the tribe of Issachar, became a leader to protect Israel. He lived in Shamir in the Ephraim hills.
Judges 10:2 He ruled Israel for twenty-three years, then he died and was buried in Shamir.
Judges 10:3 After him, Jair from Gilead became a leader and judged Israel for twenty-two years.
Judges 10:4 He had thirty sons who rode on thirty young donkeys, and they owned thirty cities called Havothjair, which exist to this day in Gilead.
Judges 10:5 Jair died and was buried in Camon.
Judges 10:6 The Israelites did bad things again before God, worshipped Baal and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, Zidon, Moab, Ammon's children, and the Philistines, and left God and did not worship Him.
Judges 10:7 God became very angry with Israel and handed them over to the Philistines and to the Ammonites.
Judges 10:8 That year they troubled and mistreated the Israelites for eighteen years. This happened to all the Israelites living across the Jordan River in the land of the Amorites in Gilead.
Judges 10:9 The Ammonites crossed the Jordan to also fight against Judah, Benjamin, and the Ephraimites, causing great trouble for Israel.
Judges 10:10 The people of Israel called out to God, saying, "We have sinned against you, for we have left our God and also worshiped Baalim."
Judges 10:11 God asked the Israelites, "Didn't I save you from the Egyptians, the Amorites, the Ammonites, and the Philistines?"
Judges 10:12 The people of Sidon, the Amalekites, and the Maonites also troubled you. When you called out to me, I saved you from them.
Judges 10:13 You have left me and served other gods, so I will not save you anymore.
Judges 10:14 Go and call out to the gods you picked; let them save you when you are in trouble.
Judges 10:15 The children of Israel told God, "We have sinned. Do to us whatever you think is best, but please, save us today."
Judges 10:16 They removed the foreign gods from among them and worshiped God; and he felt sorry for Israel's suffering.
Judges 10:17 The people of Ammon came together and set up camp in Gilead. The people of Israel also gathered and set up camp in Mizpeh.
Judges 10:18 The people and leaders of Gilead asked each other, "Who will start the fight against the Ammonites? He will become the leader of everyone in Gilead."

Judges 11:1 Jephthah from Gilead was a brave warrior, and his mother was a prostitute. Gilead was Jephthah's father.
Judges 11:2 Gilead's wife had sons for him; when they grew up, they pushed Jephthah out, telling him, "You won't get any share in our father's home because you are the son of a different woman."
Judges 11:3 Jephthah ran away from his brothers and lived in Tob, where worthless men joined him and followed him.
Judges 11:4 As time went on, the Ammonites started a war with Israel.
Judges 11:5 When the Ammonites fought against Israel, the leaders of Gilead went to get Jephthah from the land of Tob.
Judges 11:6 They said to Jephthah, "Come and be our leader, so we can fight the Ammonites."
Judges 11:7 Jephthah asked the leaders of Gilead, "Didn't you hate me and force me to leave my father's home? Why do you come to me now that you're in trouble?"
Judges 11:8 The Gilead leaders said to Jephthah, "We come back to you now so you can join us, fight the Ammonites, and lead everyone in Gilead."
Judges 11:9 Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, "If you take me back to battle the Ammonites and God lets me win, will I be your leader?"
Judges 11:10 The leaders of Gilead said to Jephthah, "God is our witness that we will do as you say."
Judges 11:11 Jephthah joined the Gilead leaders, and the people chose him as their leader and commander. Jephthah said all he wanted to say to God at Mizpeh.
Judges 11:12 Jephthah sent messengers to the king of Ammon asking, "Why have you come to fight in my land?"
Judges 11:13 The king of the Ammonites replied to Jephthah's messengers, "Israel took my land when they left Egypt, from Arnon to Jabbok and up to the Jordan River. So now, give it back peacefully."
Judges 11:14 Jephthah sent messengers to the king of Ammon's people again.
Judges 11:15 Jephthah says, "Israel did not take the land of Moab or the land of the Ammonites."
Judges 11:16 When Israel left Egypt and traveled through the desert to the Red Sea, they reached Kadesh.
Judges 11:17 Israel sent messages to the Edom king, asking, "Please let me go through your land." But the Edom king didn't listen. They asked the same of the Moab king, but he also refused. So, Israel stayed in Kadesh.
Judges 11:18 They traveled through the desert, going around the land of Edom and Moab, and stopped on the east side of Moab, across from the Arnon river, but did not enter Moab's borders because Arnon was the boundary.
Judges 11:19 Israel sent messages to Sihon, the Amorite king of Heshbon, saying, "Please let us pass through your land to our own place."
Judges 11:20 But Sihon did not trust Israel to pass through his land; instead, Sihon brought all his people together, camped at Jahaz, and battled against Israel.
Judges 11:21 God gave Israel victory over Sihon and his people, and they defeated them. So Israel took over all the land of the Amorites who lived there.
Judges 11:22 They took over all the Amorite territory, from the Arnon River to the Jabbok River, and from the desert to the Jordan River.
Judges 11:23 So now God of Israel has driven out the Amorites for his people Israel, and should you take it over?
Judges 11:24 Wouldn't you take what your god Chemosh gives you to take? So whoever God our God pushes out from before us, we will take their land.
Judges 11:25 Are you any better than Balak, son of Zippor, the king of Moab? Did he ever argue with Israel or fight them?
Judges 11:26 While Israel lived in Heshbon and its villages, in Aroer and its villages, and in all the cities near the Arnon River for three hundred years, why didn't you take them back during that time?
Judges 11:27 So I have not sinned against you, but you are doing wrong by fighting me. Let God, the Judge, decide today between the people of Israel and the people of Ammon.
Judges 11:28 But the king of the Ammonites did not listen to the message Jephthah sent him.
Judges 11:29 God's Spirit came to Jephthah, and he went through Gilead and Manasseh, and then through Mizpeh in Gilead, and from there he moved on to fight the Ammonites.
Judges 11:30 Jephthah made a promise to God, saying, "If you really give me victory over the Ammonites,
Judges 11:31 When I come back safely from fighting the Ammonites, whatever comes out of my house to greet me will belong to God, and I will sacrifice it as a burnt offering.
Judges 11:32 Jephthah went to fight the Ammonite people, and God let him defeat them.
Judges 11:33 He defeated them from Aroer all the way to Minnith, including twenty cities, and as far as the vineyard plains, killing many. So the Ammonites were conquered by the Israelites.
Judges 11:34 Jephthah arrived at Mizpeh at his home, and saw his daughter coming to greet him with drums and dancing; she was his only child, as he had no other sons or daughters.
Judges 11:35 When he saw her, he tore his clothes and said, "Oh no, my daughter! You have made me very sad, and you are causing me problems because I made a promise to God, and I can't take it back."
Judges 11:36 She said to him, "My father, if you made a promise to God, do to me what you have said, because God has given you revenge against your enemies, the Ammonites."
Judges 11:37 She said to her father, "Please do this for me: let me have two months to walk on the mountains and cry because I am a virgin, with my friends."
Judges 11:38 He said, "Go." So he let her go for two months. She left with her friends and mourned her unwed state on the mountains.
Judges 11:39 After two months, she went back to her father, who did as he had promised in his vow: she never knew a man. This became a tradition in Israel.
Judges 11:40 Every year, the women of Israel would mourn for Jephthah the Gileadite's daughter for four days.

Judges 12:1 The men of Ephraim came together, went north, and said to Jephthah, "Why did you go to fight the Ammonites without inviting us? We will burn down your house on top of you."
Judges 12:2 Jephthah told them, "My people and I had big trouble with the children of Ammon; and when I called for your help, you did not rescue me from them."
Judges 12:3 When I saw you didn't save me, I risked my life and confronted the Ammonites. God gave me victory over them. So why have you come to fight me today?
Judges 12:4 Jephthah brought together all the men of Gilead and battled Ephraim: Gilead's men defeated Ephraim because they were called runaways of Ephraim living among the people of Ephraim and Manasseh.
Judges 12:5 The Gileadites captured the Jordan River crossings before the Ephraimites arrived. When any surviving Ephraimites asked to cross over, the Gileadites would ask, "Are you an Ephraimite?" If he answered, "No,"
Judges 12:6 They told him, "Say 'Shibboleth,'" but he said "Sibboleth," because he couldn't say it correctly. Then they captured him and killed him at the Jordan River crossings. At that time, 42,000 Ephraimites died.
Judges 12:7 Jephthah was a judge over Israel for six years. Then he died and was buried in a city of Gilead.
Judges 12:8 After him, Ibzan from Bethlehem led Israel.
Judges 12:9 He had thirty sons and thirty daughters. He sent his daughters to marry men from other places and brought in thirty women from other places for his sons to marry. He was a leader of Israel for seven years.
Judges 12:10 Ibzan died and was buried in Bethlehem.
Judges 12:11 After him, Elon from Zebulon led Israel; he led for ten years.
Judges 12:12 Elon from Zebulun died and was buried in Aijalon, in Zebulun land.
Judges 12:13 After him, Abdon, Hillel's son from Pirathon, became Israel's judge.
Judges 12:14 He had forty sons and thirty grandsons who rode on seventy donkeys, and he was Israel's leader for eight years.
Judges 12:15 Abdon, Hillel's son from Pirathon, died and was buried in Pirathon, in Ephraim's territory, on the Amalekites' hill.

Judges 13:1 The Israelites did bad things again before God, and God let the Philistines rule over them for forty years.
Judges 13:2 A man named Manoah from Zorah, part of the Danite family, had a wife who could not have children.
Judges 13:3 God's messenger appeared to the woman and said to her, "Look, you have no children, but you will become pregnant and have a son."
Judges 13:4 Be careful, please, do not drink wine or strong alcohol, and do not eat anything unclean.
Judges 13:5 Look, you will become pregnant and have a son; his hair must never be cut because he will be dedicated to God as a Nazarite from birth, and he will start to rescue Israel from the Philistines.
Judges 13:6 The woman went and said to her husband, "A man of God came to me with a face like an angel of God, very awe-inspiring. I didn't ask where he was from, and he didn't tell me his name."
Judges 13:7 He told me, "Look, you will get pregnant and have a son. So do not drink wine or strong alcohol, and do not eat anything impure, because the boy will be dedicated to God as a Nazarite from birth until he dies."
Judges 13:8 Then Manoah prayed to God, saying, "Please God, let the man of God you sent us come again and teach us what we should do for the child who will be born."
Judges 13:9 God listened to Manoah's prayer, and God's angel returned to the woman while she was sitting in the field, but her husband Manoah was not with her.
Judges 13:10 The woman quickly ran to her husband, showed him and said, "Look, the man who visited me the other day has appeared to me again."
Judges 13:11 Manoah got up, followed his wife, and met the man. He asked, "Are you the man who spoke to my wife?" And the man replied, "I am."
Judges 13:12 Manoah said, "Let your words happen. How should we raise the child and what should we do for him?"
Judges 13:13 The angel told Manoah, "Make sure the woman follows all that I told her."
Judges 13:14 She must not eat anything from the grapevine, drink wine or strong drinks, or eat anything impure: she should follow all that I instructed her to do.
Judges 13:15 Manoah said to God's angel, "Please stay with us until we prepare a young goat for you."
Judges 13:16 The angel said to Manoah, "Even if you keep me here, I won't eat your bread. If you want to give a burnt offering, you must give it to God." Manoah didn't know he was an angel of God.
Judges 13:17 Manoah asked the angel of God, "What is your name, so we can honor you when your words come true?"
Judges 13:18 The angel of God asked him, "Why do you want to know my name, when it is a secret?"
Judges 13:19 Manoah took a young goat with a food offering and sacrificed it on a rock to God; the angel did amazing things, and Manoah and his wife watched.
Judges 13:20 When the fire rose up to the sky from the altar, God's angel went up in the fire of the altar. Manoah and his wife saw this and fell with their faces to the ground.
Judges 13:21 The angel of God did not show up again to Manoah and his wife. Then Manoah realized that he was an angel of God.
Judges 13:22 Manoah said to his wife, "We will surely die because we have seen God."
Judges 13:23 But his wife said to him, "If God wanted to kill us, he wouldn't have accepted our burnt and grain offerings, nor would he have shown us all this or told us such things now."
Judges 13:24 The woman had a son and named him Samson. The boy grew up and God blessed him.
Judges 13:25 God's Spirit started to stir him now and then in Dan's camp, between Zorah and Eshtaol.

Judges 14:1 Samson went to Timnath and saw a Philistine woman there.
Judges 14:2 He went and told his father and mother, "I saw a woman in Timnath from the Philistines; now please get her for me to marry."
Judges 14:3 His father and mother asked him, "Can't you find a woman among your relatives or our people? Why do you want to marry a Philistine woman who is not circumcised?" But Samson told his father, "Get her for me; I like her."
Judges 14:4 His parents did not know that God was behind it, as he wanted a reason to confront the Philistines: because the Philistines ruled over Israel then.
Judges 14:5 Samson, his father, and his mother went to Timnath and when they reached the vineyards there, a young lion suddenly roared at him.
Judges 14:6 God's Spirit came powerfully upon him, and he tore the lion apart as easily as one might tear a young goat, but he did not have any weapon in his hand. Yet he did not tell his father or mother what he had done.
Judges 14:7 He went down, talked with the woman, and Samson liked her a lot.
Judges 14:8 Later, he went back to marry her, and on the way, he saw the dead lion. Inside it, there were bees and honey.
Judges 14:9 He took some in his hands, ate as he walked, then gave some to his parents, and they ate too. But he didn't tell them he got the honey from the dead lion's body.
Judges 14:10 His father went down to the woman, and Samson had a feast there, as young men usually did.
Judges 14:11 When they saw him, they brought thirty friends to stay with him.
Judges 14:12 Samson told them, "I have a riddle for you: if you can solve it during the seven days of the feast, I will give you thirty sheets and thirty sets of clothes."
Judges 14:13 But if you can't tell me the answer, you must give me thirty sheets and thirty sets of clothes. They said to him, "Tell us your riddle so we can hear it."
Judges 14:14 He told them, "From the eater came food, and from the strong came sweet." But they could not solve the riddle in three days.
Judges 14:15 On the seventh day, they told Samson's wife, "Trick your husband into telling us the answer to his riddle, or we'll burn you and your father's home. Did you invite us only to steal from us?"
Judges 14:16 Samson's wife cried in front of him, saying, "You only hate me, you don't love me. You've given a tricky question to my people but haven't told me the answer." He replied, "Look, I haven't even told my father or mother, so why should I tell you?"
Judges 14:17 She cried in front of him for seven days during their feast. On the seventh day, he gave in and told her the answer because she kept pressing him, and she then explained the puzzle to her people.
Judges 14:18 On the seventh day, before sunset, the city men asked him, "What is sweeter than honey? What is stronger than a lion?" He replied, "If you hadn't used my cow, you wouldn't have solved my riddle."
Judges 14:19 God's Spirit filled him, and he went to Ashkelon, killed thirty men, took their belongings, and gave clothes to those who solved the riddle. He became very angry and went back to his father's home.
Judges 14:20 Samson's wife was given to the friend he had trusted.

Judges 15:1 After some time, during wheat harvest, Samson brought a young goat to his wife and said, "I will go to my wife's room." But her father wouldn't let him enter.
Judges 15:2 Her father said, "I really thought you hated her, so I gave her to your friend. Isn't her younger sister more beautiful? Please take her instead."
Judges 15:3 Samson said about them, "Now I will be less at fault than the Philistines, even though I upset them."
Judges 15:4 Samson caught three hundred foxes, tied their tails together in pairs, and put a torch between each pair of tails.
Judges 15:5 After he lit the torches, he released them into the Philistines' growing grain, and they burned up the stacks and the growing grain, along with the vineyards and olive trees.
Judges 15:6 Then the Philistines asked, "Who did this?" They were told, "Samson, the Timnite's son-in-law, because he took his wife and gave her to his friend." So the Philistines went and burned her and her father to death.
Judges 15:7 Samson told them, "Even though you did this, I will get revenge on you, and then I'll stop."
Judges 15:8 He struck them hard, causing many to die, then went and lived on top of Etam rock.
Judges 15:9 Then the Philistines moved in, camped in Judah, and spread out in Lehi.
Judges 15:10 The men of Judah asked, "Why have you come to fight us?" They replied, "We've come to capture Samson and to do to him what he did to us."
Judges 15:11 Three thousand men from Judah went up to the top of the rock Etam and said to Samson, "Don't you know that the Philistines rule over us? What have you done to us?" He replied, "I did to them what they did to me."
Judges 15:12 They told him, "We have come to tie you up and hand you over to the Philistines." Samson said to them, "Promise me that you won't attack me yourselves."
Judges 15:13 They said to him, "No, we won't kill you. But we will tie you up tightly and give you to them." Then they tied him with two new ropes and led him up from the rock.
Judges 15:14 When he arrived at Lehi, the Philistines yelled at him; but God's Spirit rushed into him strongly, and the ropes on his arms turned as weak as burnt flax, and the bindings fell off his hands.
Judges 15:15 He found a fresh donkey jawbone, reached out, took it, and killed a thousand men with it.
Judges 15:16 Samson said, "I used a donkey's jawbone to kill a thousand men."
Judges 15:17 After he finished speaking, he threw the jawbone from his hand and named that place Ramathlehi.
Judges 15:18 He was very thirsty, and prayed to God, saying, "You have given your servant this great victory; must I now die of thirst and fall into the hands of those who are not circumcised?"
Judges 15:19 God split open a space in the jawbone, and water flowed out. After he drank, his strength returned, and he felt better. So he named that place Enhakkore, which is still in Lehi today.
Judges 15:20 He was Israel's leader for twenty years during the time of the Philistines.

Judges 16:1 Samson went to Gaza, saw a prostitute there, and slept with her.
Judges 16:2 The people of Gaza were told, "Samson has come here." So they surrounded him and set a trap at the city gate all night, staying silent, thinking, "In the morning, when it's light, we will kill him."
Judges 16:3 Samson stayed there until midnight, then at midnight he got up, took the city gate doors and the two posts, carrying them, with the crossbar, on his shoulders, and brought them to the top of a hill facing Hebron.
Judges 16:4 Later, he fell in love with a woman named Delilah who lived in the Sorek Valley.
Judges 16:5 The leaders of the Philistines went to her and said, "Trick him, find out where his great strength comes from and how we can beat him. Then we can tie him up and make him suffer. Each of us will give you eleven hundred silver coins."
Judges 16:6 Delilah said to Samson, "Please tell me, where does your great strength come from, and how can you be tied up to subdue you?"
Judges 16:7 Samson told her, "If they tie me up with seven fresh ropes that have not been dried, I will become weak and be just like any other man."
Judges 16:8 The leaders of the Philistines gave her seven fresh ropes that were not dry, and she tied him up with them.
Judges 16:9 Men were hiding, waiting in her room. She said to him, "The Philistines are here, Samson." He snapped the ropes as easily as a string snaps when it burns. So no one discovered his strength.
Judges 16:10 Delilah said to Samson, "Look, you have made fun of me and lied to me. Now please tell me how you can be tied up."
Judges 16:11 He told her, "If they tie me up with brand new ropes that have never been used, I will become weak and be like any other man."
Judges 16:12 Delilah took new ropes, tied Samson with them, and said, "The Philistines are attacking you, Samson." Men hiding in the room waited. He snapped the ropes off his arms easily, like a thread.
Judges 16:13 Delilah said to Samson, "You have made fun of me and lied to me. Tell me, how can you be tied up?" And he told her, "If you weave the seven braids of my hair into the cloth."
Judges 16:14 She secured it with the pin and told him, "The Philistines are attacking you, Samson." He woke up, pulled out the beam's pin and the woven fabric, and left.
Judges 16:15 She said to him, "How can you say 'I love you' when your heart isn't with me? You've made fun of me three times and still haven't told me where your great strength comes from."
Judges 16:16 Every day she nagged Samson with her words and kept pressing him until he was so tired that he felt like dying.
Judges 16:17 He shared all his feelings with her and told her, "I've never cut my hair because I've been dedicated to God since birth. If my hair is cut, I'll lose my strength, become weak, and be just like any other man."
Judges 16:18 When Delilah realized that Samson had shared his deepest secret with her, she summoned the Philistine rulers, telling them, "Come here this time because he has revealed his deepest secret to me." So the Philistine rulers went to her, bringing money with them.
Judges 16:19 She made him sleep on her lap, called a man, and had him shave off the seven braids of his hair. She began to weaken him, and his strength left him.
Judges 16:20 She said, "The Philistines are attacking you, Samson!" He woke up and thought, "I'll get up like before and free myself." But he didn't know that God had left him.
Judges 16:21 But the Philistines captured him, blinded him, took him to Gaza, chained him with bronze shackles, and he worked grinding grain in the prison.
Judges 16:22 However, his hair started to grow back after it was cut.
Judges 16:23 The leaders of the Philistines came together to make a big sacrifice to Dagon, their god, and to celebrate. They said, "Our god has given us Samson, our enemy, into our hands."
Judges 16:24 When the people saw him, they praised their god, saying, "Our god has given us our enemy, the one who destroyed our land and killed many of us."
Judges 16:25 When they were happy, they said, "Bring out Samson to entertain us." So they brought Samson from the prison, and he entertained them. They placed him between the columns.
Judges 16:26 Samson told the boy guiding him, "Let me touch the pillars that support the house so I can lean on them."
Judges 16:27 The house was filled with men and women; all the Philistine leaders were there; and about three thousand men and women were on the roof watching Samson entertain them.
Judges 16:28 Samson cried out to God, "Please remember me and give me strength just this one time, God, so I can get revenge on the Philistines for my eyes."
Judges 16:29 Samson grabbed the two central pillars supporting the house, one in his right hand and the other in his left.
Judges 16:30 Samson said, "Let me die with the Philistines." He pushed with all his strength, and the building collapsed on the rulers and everyone inside. So he killed more people when he died than while he was alive.
Judges 16:31 His brothers and his father's family went down, took him, and brought him back, burying him between Zorah and Eshtaol in his father Manoah's tomb. He had led Israel for twenty years.

Judges 17:1 A man from the hill country of Ephraim was named Micah.
Judges 17:2 He told his mother, "The 1,100 pieces of silver that were stolen from you, which you cursed and told me about, I have it; I took it." His mother said, "You are blessed by God, my son."
Judges 17:3 When he gave back the 1,100 silver coins to his mother, she said, "I fully devoted this silver to God for my son, to make a carved and cast statue; now I will give it back to you."
Judges 17:4 He gave the money back to his mother, and she took two hundred silver coins to the craftsman. He made a carved and a metal idol, which were kept in Micah's house.
Judges 17:5 Micah had a house with idols, made a special vest and household gods, and appointed one of his sons as his priest.
Judges 17:6 During that time, Israel had no king, and everyone did what they thought was right.
Judges 17:7 A young man from Bethlehem in Judah, from the tribe of Judah, who was a Levite, was staying there.
Judges 17:8 The man left the city of Bethlehem in Judah to stay wherever he could find a place. During his travels, he reached the hill country of Ephraim and came to Micah's house.
Judges 17:9 Micah asked him, "Where are you from?" He replied, "I am a Levite from Bethlehem in Judah, and I am traveling to find a place to stay."
Judges 17:10 Micah said to him, "Live with me, be my father and priest, and I'll pay you ten pieces of silver a year, give you clothes, and provide your food." So the Levite stayed.
Judges 17:11 The Levite agreed to live with the man, and the young man was like a son to him.
Judges 17:12 Micah made the Levite special, and the young man became his priest, living in Micah's house.
Judges 17:13 Then Micah said, "Now I know that God will be good to me because I have a Levite as my priest."

Judges 18:1 During that time, Israel had no king. The Danites were looking for land to live on because they had not yet received a share of land among Israel's tribes.
Judges 18:2 The Danites sent five brave family men from Zorah and Eshtaol to explore the land. They told them, "Go and look over the land." When they reached Mount Ephraim and Micah's house, they stayed there.
Judges 18:3 While they were near Micah's house, they recognized the Levite's voice, so they went there and asked him, "Who brought you here? What are you doing in this place? And what do you have here?"
Judges 18:4 He told them, "Micah has treated me this way; he has hired me, and I am his priest."
Judges 18:5 They asked him, "Please ask God to guide us so we know if our journey will be successful."
Judges 18:6 The priest told them, "Go peacefully: God knows the path you take."
Judges 18:7 The five men left and went to Laish, where they saw the people living safely, like the Zidonians, without worry and secure; there was no leader to make them feel guilty about anything; they were distant from the Zidonians and did not interact with anyone.
Judges 18:8 They went to their brothers in Zorah and Eshtaol, and their brothers asked them, "What do you say?"
Judges 18:9 They said, "Get up, so we can attack them. We've seen the land, and it's really good. Why wait? Don't be lazy to go take over the land."
Judges 18:10 When you go, you will find a safe people and a big land. God has given it to you; a place where you lack nothing that is on the earth.
Judges 18:11 From there, six hundred men from the Danite family, from Zorah and Eshtaol, equipped for battle, left.
Judges 18:12 They went and camped at Kirjathjearim in Judah. That's why they named the place Mahanehdan, and it's still called that today. It's near Kirjathjearim.
Judges 18:13 They traveled from there to Mount Ephraim and arrived at Micah's house.
Judges 18:14 The five men who explored Laish replied to their brothers, "Do you realize that in these homes there is a priest's robe, household gods, a carved idol, and a metal idol? Think about what you should do now."
Judges 18:15 They went there, came to the young Levite's house, to Micah's house, and greeted him.
Judges 18:16 The six hundred armed men from the tribe of Dan stood at the gate entrance.
Judges 18:17 The five men who went to explore the land climbed up, went there, and took the carved idol, the priestly garment, the household gods, and the cast idol, while the priest waited at the entrance of the gate with the six hundred armed men.
Judges 18:18 These people went into Micah's house, took the carved idol, the priestly garment, the household gods, and the metal idol. Then the priest asked them, "What are you doing?"
Judges 18:19 They told him, "Be quiet, put your hand over your mouth, and come with us. Be our leader and priest. Isn't it better to be a priest for one man's house or a whole tribe and family in Israel?"
Judges 18:20 The priest was happy, and he took the special vest, the household gods, and the carved idol, and joined the people.
Judges 18:21 They turned and left, putting the children, the animals, and the carts ahead of them.
Judges 18:22 When they were far from Micah's house, the men living near Micah gathered and caught up with the people of Dan.
Judges 18:23 They called out to the people of Dan. They turned around and asked Micah, "What's wrong with you that you come with such a group?"
Judges 18:24 He said, "You've taken my gods that I made and the priest, and left. What else do I have left? Why do you ask, 'What's wrong with you?'"
Judges 18:25 The people of Dan told him, "Don't let us hear your voice, or some angry men might attack you, and you and your family could die."
Judges 18:26 The Danites continued traveling. When Micah realized they were too strong for him, he turned around and went back home.
Judges 18:27 They took what Micah had made and his priest, and went to Laish, a peaceful and safe town. They attacked them with swords and set the city on fire.
Judges 18:28 No one could save them because they were far from Zidon, not involved with anyone, and in a valley near Bethrehob. They built a city there and lived in it.
Judges 18:29 They named the city Dan after their ancestor Dan, born to Israel, but the city was first called Laish.
Judges 18:30 The Dan tribe set up an idol, and Jonathan, Gershom's son and Manasseh's grandson, served as priest with his sons for the Dan tribe until the land was captured.
Judges 18:31 They put up Micah's carved idol, which he had made, for as long as God's house was in Shiloh.

Judges 19:1 During that time, when Israel had no king, a Levite staying near Mount Ephraim took a woman from Bethlehem in Judah to be his concubine.
Judges 19:2 His partner was unfaithful to him, left him, and went to her father's house in Bethlehem of Judah, staying there four months.
Judges 19:3 Her husband got up, followed her to talk kindly and to take her back, with his helper and two donkeys. She took him to her father's house, and the girl's father was happy to see him.
Judges 19:4 The girl's father, who was also his father-in-law, kept him with him, and he stayed there for three days. They ate, drank, and slept there.
Judges 19:5 On the fourth day, when they got up early, he got ready to leave. The girl's father said to his son-in-law, "Have some bread to feel better, and then you can go."
Judges 19:6 They sat and ate and drank together because the girl's father told the man, "Please be happy, stay overnight, and enjoy yourself."
Judges 19:7 When the man got up to leave, his father-in-law convinced him, so he stayed there another night.
Judges 19:8 He got up early on the fifth day to leave, but the girl's father said, "Please, relax and eat." So they stayed until the afternoon and both had something to eat.
Judges 19:9 When the man got ready to leave with his concubine and servant, his father-in-law, the girl's father, told him, "Look, it is almost evening. Please stay the night. The day is almost over. Stay here and be happy. Tomorrow you can leave early to go home."
Judges 19:10 The man didn't stay the night; instead, he got up, left, and went near Jebus, now called Jerusalem. He had two saddled donkeys with him, and his partner was also with him.
Judges 19:11 When they were near Jebus, it was getting late; the servant told his master, "Please, let's go into this Jebusite city and spend the night there."
Judges 19:12 His boss told him, "We won't go into a foreign city not belonging to the Israelites; we'll keep going to Gibeah."
Judges 19:13 He said to his servant, "Come, let's go stay the night in one of these towns, either Gibeah or Ramah."
Judges 19:14 They moved on and continued their journey. The sun set on them near Gibeah, a town in Benjamin's territory.
Judges 19:15 They went there to stay in Gibeah. When he entered, he sat down in the city street because no one took them into his home for the night.
Judges 19:16 Look, an old man coming from his work in the field at evening was from Mount Ephraim; he was staying in Gibeah, although the local men were from Benjamin's tribe.
Judges 19:17 When he looked up, he saw a traveler in the city street; and the old man asked, "Where are you going? And where did you come from?"
Judges 19:18 He said to him, "We are traveling from Bethlehem in Judah to the area of Mount Ephraim. That is where I am from. I have been to Bethlehem in Judah and now I am on my way to God's house, but no one has offered to take me in."
Judges 19:19 We have both straw and food for our donkeys; there is also bread and wine for me, for your servant woman, and for the young man with your workers: we lack nothing.
Judges 19:20 The old man said, "May you have peace. I will take care of all your needs. Just don't sleep outside."
Judges 19:21 He took him into his house, fed the donkeys, they washed their feet, and they ate and drank.
Judges 19:22 While they were enjoying themselves, suddenly the city men, some wicked fellows, surrounded the house. They pounded on the door and said to the homeowner, the old man, "Send out the man who came to your house, so we can meet him."
Judges 19:23 The man who owned the house went outside to them and said, "No, my friends, please don't do such an evil thing. Since this man is a guest in my home, please don't act so foolishly."
Judges 19:24 Look, here is my daughter who is a virgin, and his partner; I will send them out to you, and you can use them as you please, but do not do such a disgraceful thing to this man.
Judges 19:25 The men did not listen to him, so the man took his woman and gave her to them. They mistreated her all night until morning, and when dawn came, they released her.
Judges 19:26 The woman arrived at daybreak and collapsed at the door of the house where her man stayed, until morning came.
Judges 19:27 In the morning, her husband got up, opened the doors of the house, and left to go on his way. He saw that his concubine woman was lying at the house door with her hands on the doorstep.
Judges 19:28 He said to her, "Get up, let's go." But she did not answer. So he lifted her onto a donkey, got up, and went home.
Judges 19:29 When he entered his home, he took a knife, grabbed his concubine, cut her and her bones into twelve parts, and sent them throughout Israel.
Judges 19:30 Everyone who saw it agreed that nothing like this has happened or been seen since the Israelites left Egypt. Think about it, talk it over, and decide what to do.

Judges 20:1 All the Israelites came together as one group, from Dan to Beersheba including the people of Gilead, to meet with God in Mizpah.
Judges 20:2 The leaders of the people from all the tribes of Israel came together in the meeting, a total of 400,000 soldiers ready for battle.
Judges 20:3 The people of Benjamin learned that the people of Israel had gone to Mizpeh. Then the people of Israel asked, "Tell us, how did this evil happen?"
Judges 20:4 The Levite, the woman's husband who was killed, replied, "I went to Gibeah in Benjamin with my concubine to stay overnight."
Judges 20:5 The men of Gibeah attacked me, surrounded the house at night thinking to kill me, and they raped my concubine so that she died.
Judges 20:6 I took my wife who was not my first wife, cut her into parts, and sent her pieces all over Israel's land because they did shameful and foolish things in Israel.
Judges 20:7 Look, you are all Israel's children; share your advice and thoughts here.
Judges 20:8 All the people stood up together and said, "None of us will go to our tents or go back to our homes."
Judges 20:9 But now, here's our plan for Gibeah: we will decide by drawing lots who will attack it.
Judges 20:10 We will pick ten men from every hundred in all of Israel's tribes, a hundred from every thousand, and a thousand from every ten thousand, to get food for the people, so they can act when they arrive at Gibeah in Benjamin because of the foolish things done in Israel.
Judges 20:11 All the men of Israel came together against the city, united as if they were one person.
Judges 20:12 The tribes of Israel sent people throughout the tribe of Benjamin asking, "What is this evil thing that has happened among you?"
Judges 20:13 Now give us the evil men of Gibeah so we can kill them and remove evil from Israel. But the tribe of Benjamin wouldn't listen to their fellow Israelites.
Judges 20:14 The people of Benjamin came from the cities to Gibeah to fight the people of Israel.
Judges 20:15 At that time, 26,000 soldiers from Benjamin's cities were counted, not including 700 select men from Gibeah.
Judges 20:16 In this group there were seven hundred skilled left-handed men; each could sling a stone at a hair and not miss.
Judges 20:17 The men of Israel, not including Benjamin, totaled 400,000 swordsmen, all ready for battle.
Judges 20:18 The Israelites got up, went to God's house, asked God for advice, and said, "Who among us should go first to fight the people of Benjamin?" And God answered, "Judah should go first."
Judges 20:19 The Israelites got up in the morning and set up camp near Gibeah.
Judges 20:20 The Israelite men went to fight against Benjamin and lined up in battle formation at Gibeah.
Judges 20:21 The Benjamin people came out of Gibeah and killed twenty-two thousand Israelite men that day.
Judges 20:22 The Israelite soldiers cheered themselves up and lined up for battle again in the same place as they did the first time.
Judges 20:23 The Israelites cried before God until evening, then asked God for advice, saying, "Should I fight against my brother Benjamin again?" And God said, "Fight against them."
Judges 20:24 On the second day, the Israelites approached the Benjaminites.
Judges 20:25 Benjamin attacked them from Gibeah for the second time and killed eighteen thousand Israelite men who had swords.
Judges 20:26 All the Israelites and the people went to God's house, cried, sat before God, and fasted all day until evening. They also gave burnt and peace offerings to God.
Judges 20:27 The children of Israel asked God, because the ark of God's covenant was there at that time.
Judges 20:28 Phinehas, who was Eleazar's son and Aaron's grandson, asked at that time, "Should I go fight the Benjamites, my relatives, again, or stop?" And God said, "Go, for tomorrow I will give them to you."
Judges 20:29 Israel placed ambushers all around Gibeah.
Judges 20:30 On the third day, the Israelites advanced against the Benjamites and prepared for battle near Gibeah, just like before.
Judges 20:31 The Benjamin kids came out to fight the people, got lured away from the city, and started to attack and kill the people on the roads, like they did before. One road led to God's house and another to Gibeah in the open fields, and they killed about thirty Israelite men.
Judges 20:32 The people of Benjamin said, "They are beaten like before." But the people of Israel said, "Let's run away and lure them from the city to the roads."
Judges 20:33 All the men of Israel got up, got ready for battle at Baaltamar, and Israel's ambushers came out of their hiding spots, from the fields of Gibeah.
Judges 20:34 Ten thousand picked men from Israel attacked Gibeah, and the fight was fierce, but they didn't realize that danger was close.
Judges 20:35 God struck down Benjamin in front of Israel, and on that day, the Israelites killed 25,100 Benjamite men who fought with swords.
Judges 20:36 The children of Benjamin realized they were beaten because the Israelite men stepped aside for them, trusting the ambushers they had placed near Gibeah.
Judges 20:37 The ambushers hurried and attacked Gibeah; the ambushers moved in and struck down the whole city with their swords.
Judges 20:38 The men of Israel and those hiding had a signal: when they saw a big smoke fire from the city, they would attack.
Judges 20:39 When the Israelite men pulled back in the fight, the Benjaminites started to strike and kill about thirty Israelite men, because they thought, "Surely we're beating them as before."
Judges 20:40 But when fire started to rise from the city with a column of smoke, the people of Benjamin looked back and saw the city's fire going up to the sky.
Judges 20:41 When the Israelite men turned back, the Benjamites were shocked because they realized disaster had struck them.
Judges 20:42 So they ran away from the Israelites toward the desert path, but the battle caught up with them; and they destroyed those who came from the cities right among them.
Judges 20:43 So they surrounded the Benjamites, chased them, and easily crushed them near Gibeah as the sun was rising.
Judges 20:44 Eighteen thousand men from Benjamin died; they were all brave soldiers.
Judges 20:45 They turned and ran to the desert, to Rimmon's rock. They killed five thousand men on the roads and chased them to Gidom, killing two thousand more.
Judges 20:46 On that day, 25,000 fighting men from Benjamin died; all were brave warriors.
Judges 20:47 Six hundred men turned and ran to the wilderness to the rock Rimmon, and stayed at the rock Rimmon for four months.
Judges 20:48 The Israelite men attacked the Benjamites again, killing them with swords, including the men of every city, animals, and everything else they found. They also burned down all the cities they went to.

Judges 21:1 The men of Israel promised in Mizpeh, "None of us will let our daughters marry men from Benjamin."
Judges 21:2 The people went to God's house, stayed there until evening, raised their voices, and cried a lot.
Judges 21:3 And said, O God of Israel, why has this happened in Israel, that today one tribe is missing in Israel?
Judges 21:4 The next day, the people got up early, built an altar there, and made burnt offerings and peace offerings.
Judges 21:5 The Israelites asked, "Who from all Israel's tribes didn't join the group to meet with God? They had strongly promised to kill anyone who didn't come to Mizpeh to meet with God."
Judges 21:6 The people of Israel felt sorry for their brother Benjamin and said, "Today one tribe is missing from Israel."
Judges 21:7 What can we do to find wives for those who are left, since we have promised with a strong oath that we will not let them marry our daughters?
Judges 21:8 They asked, "Who from the tribes of Israel didn't come to Mizpeh to God?" And no one from Jabeshgilead came to the camp for the meeting.
Judges 21:9 The people were counted, and look, no one from Jabesh-gilead was there.
Judges 21:10 The group sent twelve thousand brave men and told them, "Go and defeat the people of Jabeshgilead with the sword, including the women and children."
Judges 21:11 This is what you must do: You must kill every man and every woman who has slept with a man.
Judges 21:12 They found 400 young women in Jabesh Gilead who had never slept with a man, and they brought them to the camp at Shiloh in Canaan.
Judges 21:13 The whole group sent messengers to talk to the Benjamite people at the rock Rimmon, inviting them peacefully.
Judges 21:14 Benjamin returned then, and they were given wives from the saved women of Jabeshgilead, but there were not enough women for them.
Judges 21:15 The people felt sorry for Benjamin because God had caused a split among the tribes of Israel.
Judges 21:16 Then the community leaders asked, "What will we do to find wives for the remaining men when the women of Benjamin have been killed?"
Judges 21:17 They said, "There must be a share for the survivors of Benjamin, so that a tribe is not wiped out from Israel."
Judges 21:18 But we can't give them our daughters as wives because the Israelites have made a promise, saying, "May the man who gives a wife to Benjamin be cursed."
Judges 21:19 They said, "Look, every year there's a festival for God in Shiloh, north of Bethel, east of the road leading from Bethel to Shechem, and south of Lebonah."
Judges 21:20 They told the people of Benjamin, "Go and hide in the vineyards."
Judges 21:21 Look, and if the girls from Shiloh come out to dance, then come out of the vineyards, and each of you catch a wife from the girls of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin.
Judges 21:22 When their fathers or brothers come to complain to us, we will ask them to forgive them for our sake: we didn't save a wife for each man in the war because you didn't give them their wives now, so you aren't to blame.
Judges 21:23 The men of Benjamin did this, and each took a wife from the dancing women they captured. They went back to their land, fixed their cities, and lived there.
Judges 21:24 The Israelites left from there at that time, each person to their own tribe and family, and each went to their own land.
Judges 21:25 At that time, there was no king in Israel; everyone just did what they thought was right.

Ruth 1:1 During the time when judges led, a famine struck the land. A man from Bethlehem in Judah moved to live in Moab with his wife and two sons.
Ruth 1:2 The man's name was Elimelech, his wife was Naomi, and their two sons were Mahlon and Chilion, from Bethlehem in Judah. They went to live in the land of Moab and stayed there.
Ruth 1:3 Naomi's husband Elimelech died; she was left with her two sons.
Ruth 1:4 They married women from Moab; one was named Orpah and the other Ruth, and they lived there for about ten years.
Ruth 1:5 Mahlon and Chilion also died; the woman lost her two sons and her husband.
Ruth 1:6 Then she got up with her daughters-in-law to go back from Moab because she heard God had given food to his people there.
Ruth 1:7 So she left the place where she was, with her two daughters-in-law, and they traveled back to the land of Judah.
Ruth 1:8 Naomi told her two daughters-in-law, "Go back to your mothers' homes. May God be kind to you, just as you were to the ones who have died, and to me."
Ruth 1:9 May God help you find peace in your husbands' homes. Then she kissed them, and they all cried aloud.
Ruth 1:10 They told her, "We will definitely go back with you to your people."
Ruth 1:11 Naomi said, "Go back, my daughters. Why come with me? Do I have more sons in my belly to become your husbands?"
Ruth 1:12 Come back, my daughters, go on; because I am too old to get a husband. Even if I said I have hope, and even if I got a husband tonight, and then had sons;
Ruth 1:13 Would you wait for them until they grow up? Would you remain single for them? No, my daughters; it makes me very sad for you that God has turned against me.
Ruth 1:14 They cried out loud again, and Orpah kissed her mother-in-law goodbye; but Ruth stayed close to her.
Ruth 1:15 She said, "Look, your sister-in-law has returned to her people and her gods; you should go back after your sister-in-law."
Ruth 1:16 Ruth said, "Don't ask me to leave you or stop following you. Where you go, I will go; where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God will be my God."
Ruth 1:17 Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. May God do the same to me, and even more, if anything but death separates you and me.
Ruth 1:18 When she saw that she was determined to go with her, then she stopped talking to her.
Ruth 1:19 So they both went until they reached Bethlehem. When they got there, the whole town was stirred because of them, and they asked, "Is this Naomi?"
Ruth 1:20 She told them, "Don't call me Naomi, call me Mara, because God has made my life very bitter."
Ruth 1:21 I left with everything and God brought me back with nothing: why do you still call me Naomi when God has shown disapproval of me, and the Almighty has caused me suffering?
Ruth 1:22 Naomi went back, and with her went Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who had come from the country of Moab. They arrived in Bethlehem at the start of the barley harvest.

Ruth 2:1 Naomi had a relative from her husband's family who was very wealthy, and his name was Boaz.
Ruth 2:2 Ruth from Moab said to Naomi, "Let me go to the fields to pick up leftover grain from someone who will show me kindness." Naomi replied, "Go ahead, my daughter."
Ruth 2:3 She went out, came, and picked up leftover grain in the field behind the harvesters. By chance, she ended up in a part of the field owned by Boaz, who was related to Elimelech.
Ruth 2:4 Boaz arrived from Bethlehem and said to the harvesters, "God be with you." They replied, "God bless you."
Ruth 2:5 Then Boaz asked his servant in charge of the harvesters, "Who is this young woman?"
Ruth 2:6 The worker in charge of the harvesters replied, "She is the young woman from Moab who returned with Naomi from the land of Moab."
Ruth 2:7 She said, "Please let me pick up leftover grain behind the harvesters among the bundles." So she went, and has been working from morning until now, except for a short rest in the shelter.
Ruth 2:8 Boaz said to Ruth, "Didn't you hear, my daughter? Don't go to pick grain in another field, or leave this place, but stay close to my women workers."
Ruth 2:9 Watch the field where they are harvesting, and follow them. Haven't I told the men not to bother you? When you're thirsty, go to the jars and drink what the men have filled.
Ruth 2:10 Then she knelt down, bowed to the ground, and said to him, "Why have I found favor in your eyes, that you notice me, even though I am a foreigner?"
Ruth 2:11 Boaz replied to her, "I've been told about everything you did for your mother-in-law after your husband died, and how you left your parents and your birthplace to come to a people you didn't know before."
Ruth 2:12 God repay your work, and may you get a full reward from the God of Israel, under whose protection you have come to trust.
Ruth 2:13 Then she said, "Please look on me with kindness, sir, because you have comforted me and spoken kindly to me, your servant, even though I am not like one of your maidservants."
Ruth 2:14 Boaz said to her, "Come here at mealtime, eat some bread, and dip your piece in the vinegar." She sat next to the harvesters, and he handed her some roasted grain. She ate, was satisfied, and had some left over.
Ruth 2:15 When she got up to collect grain, Boaz told his workers, "Let her gather grain even among the bundles, and do not bother her."
Ruth 2:16 Drop some extra grain for her on purpose and leave it so she can pick it up, and do not scold her.
Ruth 2:17 She picked grain in the field until evening, then she threshed what she had collected, and it was about an ephah of barley.
Ruth 2:18 She picked it up, went to the city, and her mother-in-law saw what she had gathered. She then brought out and gave to her the leftovers she had kept after eating enough.
Ruth 2:19 Her mother-in-law asked her, "Where did you gather grain today? Where did you work? May God bless the one who noticed you." Then she told her mother-in-law who she had worked with and said, "The man I worked with today is named Boaz."
Ruth 2:20 Naomi said to her daughter-in-law, "May God bless him for his kindness to both the living and the dead." Naomi also told her, "That man is one of our close relatives."
Ruth 2:21 Ruth, from Moab, said, "He also told me to stay close to his young men until they finish all his harvest."
Ruth 2:22 Naomi said to Ruth, her daughter-in-law, "It's good, my daughter, for you to go out with his young women, so that you are not met in any other field."
Ruth 2:23 She stayed close to Boaz's servant girls to pick grain until the barley and wheat harvests were finished; and she lived with her mother-in-law.

Ruth 3:1 Then Naomi, her mother-in-law, said to her, "My daughter, shouldn't I find a peaceful place for you, so you can be happy?"
Ruth 3:2 Isn't Boaz, who is related to us, the one whose young women you were with? Look, he is separating the barley on the threshing floor tonight.
Ruth 3:3 Clean yourself, then put on perfume and your clothes, and go to the threshing floor. But don't let the man see you until he has finished eating and drinking.
Ruth 3:4 When he lies down, notice where he is, then go, uncover his feet, lie down, and he will explain what you should do.
Ruth 3:5 She told her, "I will do everything you tell me to do."
Ruth 3:6 She went to the threshing floor and did everything her mother-in-law told her to.
Ruth 3:7 After Boaz finished eating and drinking, feeling happy, he went to sleep by the pile of grain. Then she quietly approached, uncovered his feet, and lay down.
Ruth 3:8 At midnight, the man became scared and turned around, and he saw a woman lying at his feet.
Ruth 3:9 He asked, "Who are you?" She replied, "I am Ruth, your servant. Please cover me with your cloak, because you are a close relative."
Ruth 3:10 He said, "You are blessed by God, my daughter, because you have shown more kindness now than before. You did not go after young men, whether they were poor or rich."
Ruth 3:11 Now, my daughter, do not be afraid; I will do all that you ask, because everyone in my town knows you are a good woman.
Ruth 3:12 It is true that I am one of your relatives, but there is another relative closer than me.
Ruth 3:13 Stay tonight, and in the morning, if he agrees to help you as a relative should, good; let him help. But if he does not want to help as a relative, then I will help you, as surely as God lives. Rest until morning.
Ruth 3:14 She stayed at his feet until morning, and she got up before anyone could recognize each other. And he said, "Don't let anyone know that a woman was here on the threshing floor."
Ruth 3:15 He also said, "Bring the veil you're wearing and hold it out." So when she did, he poured six scoops of barley into it and placed it on her back, then she went back to the city.
Ruth 3:16 When she went to her mother-in-law, she asked, "Who are you, my daughter?" And she explained everything the man had done to her.
Ruth 3:17 She said, "He gave me these six measures of barley and told me, 'Don't go to your mother-in-law empty-handed.'"
Ruth 3:18 She said, "Stay here, my daughter, until you find out what happens. The man won't rest until he sorts it out today."

Ruth 4:1 Boaz went to the town gate and sat down. Then the relative he had mentioned came by. Boaz called, "Come over here and sit down." So he came over and sat down.
Ruth 4:2 He took ten city elders and said, "Sit down here." And they sat down.
Ruth 4:3 He told the relative, "Naomi, who has returned from Moab, is selling a piece of land that belonged to our brother Elimelech."
Ruth 4:4 I planned to tell you, 'Buy it in front of the locals and the elders of our people. If you will buy it back, do it. But if you won’t, let me know, so I can know, because there's no one else to buy it back except you, and I’m next after you.' And he said, 'I'll buy it back.'
Ruth 4:5 Then Boaz said, "When you buy the field from Naomi, you must also buy it from Ruth the Moabite, the widow, to continue the name of the deceased on his property."
Ruth 4:6 The relative said, "I can't buy it for myself without harming my own inheritance. Take over my right to buy it, because I can't do it."
Ruth 4:7 In the past in Israel, when someone needed to confirm a deal about buying back or trading property, that person would take off his shoe and give it to the other person. This was how they showed the agreement was official in Israel.
Ruth 4:8 So the relative said to Boaz, "Buy it yourself." And he took off his shoe.
Ruth 4:9 Boaz said to the elders and all the people, "You are witnesses today that I have bought everything that belonged to Elimelech, and everything that belonged to Chilion and Mahlon, from Naomi."
Ruth 4:10 Also, I have bought Ruth the Moabite, Mahlon's widow, to be my wife. This is to keep the dead man's name alive with his property so that his name won't disappear among his family or from his hometown. You are all witnesses today.
Ruth 4:11 All the people and the elders at the gate said, "We are witnesses. May God make this woman coming into your home like Rachel and Leah, who together built the family of Israel. May you prosper in Ephratah and be well-known in Bethlehem."
Ruth 4:12 May your family be like the family of Pharez, whom Tamar had with Judah, from the children that God will give you with this young woman.
Ruth 4:13 So Boaz married Ruth, and she became his wife. When he was intimate with her, God allowed her to conceive, and she gave birth to a son.
Ruth 4:14 The women said to Naomi, "Praise God, who has given you a relative today to make his name known in Israel."
Ruth 4:15 He will restore your life and care for you in your old age, because your daughter-in-law, who loves you and is more precious to you than seven sons, has given birth to him.
Ruth 4:16 Naomi held the baby close to her and cared for it like a nurse.
Ruth 4:17 The women living nearby named the baby, saying, "Naomi has a son;" and they named him Obed. Obed became the father of Jesse, who was David's father.
Ruth 4:18 These are the descendants of Perez: Perez was the father of Hezron.
Ruth 4:19 Hezron had a son named Ram, and Ram had a son named Amminadab.
Ruth 4:20 Amminadab had Nahshon, and Nahshon had Salmon.
Ruth 4:21 Salmon was the father of Boaz, and Boaz was the father of Obed.
Ruth 4:22 Obed had Jesse, and Jesse had David.

1 Samuel 1:1 There was a man from Ramathaim, a town in the Ephraim hills, named Elkanah. He was Jeroham's son, Elihu's grandson, Tohu's great-grandson, and Zuph's great-great-grandson, from the tribe of Ephraim.
1 Samuel 1:2 He had two wives; one was named Hannah and the other Peninnah. Peninnah had children, but Hannah did not.
1 Samuel 1:3 This man went to his city every year to worship and offer sacrifices to God in Shiloh. Eli's two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, who were priests of God, were there.
1 Samuel 1:4 When it was time for Elkanah to make an offering, he gave portions to his wife Peninnah and to all her sons and daughters.
1 Samuel 1:5 But he gave Hannah a special share because he loved her, even though God had closed her womb.
1 Samuel 1:6 Her enemy upset her a lot to make her worry because God had closed her womb.
1 Samuel 1:7 Every year, when she went to God's house, she upset her. So she cried and didn't eat.
1 Samuel 1:8 Elkanah, her husband, said to her, "Hannah, why are you crying? Why aren't you eating? Why are you so sad? Aren't I more important to you than ten sons?"
1 Samuel 1:9 Hannah stood up after eating in Shiloh and after drinking. Eli the priest was sitting on a chair by the temple doorpost of God.
1 Samuel 1:10 She felt deep sadness, prayed to God, and cried hard.
1 Samuel 1:11 She made a promise and said, "God of all, if you truly see my suffering and remember me, and not forget me, but give me a son, then I will dedicate him to God for all his life, and his hair will never be cut."
1 Samuel 1:12 As she kept praying to God, Eli noticed her mouth moving.
1 Samuel 1:13 Hannah was praying silently; her lips moved but no sound came out, so Eli thought she was drunk.
1 Samuel 1:14 Eli asked her, "How long will you stay drunk? Stop drinking wine."
1 Samuel 1:15 Hannah replied, "No, sir, I am a woman with a sad heart. I haven't had wine or strong drink but have told all my troubles to God."
1 Samuel 1:16 Don't consider me a wicked woman, for I have spoken from deep sadness and frustration up to now.
1 Samuel 1:17 Eli answered and said, "Go in peace, and may the God of Israel give you what you have asked from Him."
1 Samuel 1:18 She said, "I hope I have been good in your eyes." So the woman left, ate, and was not sad anymore.
1 Samuel 1:19 They got up early in the morning, worshiped God, then went back to their home in Ramah. Elkanah was with his wife Hannah, and God remembered her.
1 Samuel 1:20 So when the time came after Hannah became pregnant, she gave birth to a son and named him Samuel, because she had asked God for him.
1 Samuel 1:21 Elkanah and his family went to give God their yearly sacrifice and to fulfill his promise.
1 Samuel 1:22 But Hannah didn't go; she told her husband, "I won't go until the child is done nursing. Then I'll take him to appear before God, and he will stay there always."
1 Samuel 1:23 Elkanah, her husband, said to her, "Do what you think is best; stay until you have finished breastfeeding him; may God make sure His promise comes true." So the woman stayed and breastfed her son until she stopped.
1 Samuel 1:24 After she stopped breastfeeding him, she brought him along with three young cows, some flour, and a bottle of wine to God's house in Shiloh; the boy was still little.
1 Samuel 1:25 They killed a bull and brought the boy to Eli.
1 Samuel 1:26 And she said, "Oh sir, as you are alive, sir, I am the woman who was standing here with you, praying to God."
1 Samuel 1:27 I prayed for this child, and God has granted what I asked of Him.
1 Samuel 1:28 So I have given him to God; for as long as he lives, he will be given to God. And he worshiped God there.

1 Samuel 2:1 Hannah prayed and said, "My heart is happy in God, I am strong in God; my words are bold over my enemies because I am glad for your rescue."
1 Samuel 2:2 No one is as holy as God; no one else is like you; no other is as strong as our God.
1 Samuel 2:3 Stop speaking so proudly and don't let arrogance come from your mouth; because God knows everything, and he judges what you do.
1 Samuel 2:4 The strong warriors' bows are broken, and those who tripped are now strong.
1 Samuel 2:5 People who had plenty now work for food; those who were hungry are not hungry anymore. So, the woman with no children has seven, and the woman with many children has grown weak.
1 Samuel 2:6 God can cause death or give life; He can send people to the grave and raise them up again.
1 Samuel 2:7 God makes some poor and others rich; He humbles some and elevates others.
1 Samuel 2:8 God raises the poor from the dust and lifts the needy from the trash heap to seat them with nobles and to give them a glorious throne. The earth's foundations belong to God, and he has placed the world on them.
1 Samuel 2:9 God will protect his holy people, and the wicked will be quiet in the dark; no one will succeed by their own power.
1 Samuel 2:10 God's enemies will be shattered; He will thunder against them from heaven: God will judge the whole world; He will give power to his king and lift up the strength of his chosen one.
1 Samuel 2:11 Elkanah went home to Ramah, and the boy served God in the presence of Eli the priest.
1 Samuel 2:12 Eli's sons were bad men; they did not know God.
1 Samuel 2:13 When people offered a sacrifice, the priest's assistant would come with a three-pronged fork while the meat was boiling.
1 Samuel 2:14 He put it into the pan, kettle, cauldron, or pot; whatever the meat hook pulled out, the priest kept for himself. This is what they did in Shiloh to all the Israelites who came there.
1 Samuel 2:15 Before they burned the fat, the priest's helper came and told the person offering the sacrifice, "Give meat to cook for the priest; he doesn't want boiled meat from you, only uncooked."
1 Samuel 2:16 If someone told him, "Please burn the fat right away, and then take whatever you want," he would say, "No, give it to me now; if you don't, I'll take it by force."
1 Samuel 2:17 The young men's sin was very bad in God's sight because people hated God's offerings.
1 Samuel 2:18 Samuel served in front of God as a child, wearing a linen garment.
1 Samuel 2:19 His mother made him a small coat and brought it to him every year when she went with her husband to make the annual sacrifice.
1 Samuel 2:20 Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, saying, "May God give you children from this woman to repay what was given to God." Then they went to their home.
1 Samuel 2:21 God blessed Hannah, and she became pregnant, giving birth to three sons and two daughters. The boy Samuel grew up in the presence of God.
1 Samuel 2:22 Eli was very old and knew what his sons were doing to all of Israel; he knew they slept with the women who gathered at the entrance of the meeting tent.
1 Samuel 2:23 He asked them, "Why are you doing these bad things? Everyone is talking about your evil actions."
1 Samuel 2:24 No, my sons; it is not a good thing I am told: you make God's people do wrong.
1 Samuel 2:25 If someone sins against another person, a judge will decide the case. But if someone sins against God, who will plead for them? Yet they did not listen to their father's warnings, for God intended to punish them.
1 Samuel 2:26 The boy Samuel grew up and was liked by both God and people.
1 Samuel 2:27 A man of God came to Eli and said to him, "This is what God says: Did I clearly show myself to your father's family when they were in Egypt, in Pharaoh's palace?"
1 Samuel 2:28 Did I pick him from all Israel’s tribes to be my priest, to give sacrifices on my altar, to burn incense, and to wear the ephod in my presence? And did I give your father's family all the Israelites' fire offerings?
1 Samuel 2:29 Why do you disrespect my sacrifice and the offerings I ordered in my dwelling, and favor your sons over me, getting rich from the best parts of the offerings of Israel, my people?
1 Samuel 2:30 So God, the God of Israel, says, 'I thought your family and your ancestors would always serve me, but now God declares, 'That will not happen because I will honor those who honor me, and I will not value those who look down on me.'
1 Samuel 2:31 Look, the time will come when I will end your family power, and no old man will remain in your family.
1 Samuel 2:32 You will see a rival in my home, in all the riches God gives Israel, and you will never have an old man in your family.
1 Samuel 2:33 The man from your family who I won't remove from serving at my altar will cause you sadness and pain, and all of your descendants will die young.
1 Samuel 2:34 This will be a sign for you: your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, will both die on the same day.
1 Samuel 2:35 I will choose a loyal priest who will do what I want and think. I will give him a strong family, and he will serve my chosen one forever.
1 Samuel 2:36 Everyone remaining in your family will approach him, bow down for some money and food, and will ask, "Please give me a priest's job so I can have some bread to eat."

1 Samuel 3:1 The boy Samuel served God with Eli. In those times, God's messages were rare and visions were not common.
1 Samuel 3:2 At that time, when Eli was lying down in his spot and his eyes were starting to grow weak so he couldn't see;
1 Samuel 3:3 Before the lamp of God went out in God's temple, where God's ark was, and Samuel had gone to bed;
1 Samuel 3:4 God called Samuel, and he answered, "I'm here."
1 Samuel 3:5 He ran to Eli and said, "Here I am; you called me." But Eli answered, "I didn't call; go back to bed." So he went and lay down again.
1 Samuel 3:6 God called Samuel again, and Samuel got up and went to Eli and said, "Here I am, you called me." But he replied, "I didn't call you, my son; go back to sleep."
1 Samuel 3:7 Samuel did not yet know God, and God's word had not been shown to him.
1 Samuel 3:8 God called Samuel a third time. He got up, went to Eli, and said, "I'm here; you called me." Then Eli realized that God had called the boy.
1 Samuel 3:9 So Eli told Samuel, "Go back to bed, and if he calls you, say, 'Speak, God; your servant is listening.'" Then Samuel went and lay down in his spot.
1 Samuel 3:10 God came, stood, and called as before, "Samuel, Samuel." Then Samuel answered, "Speak, for your servant is listening."
1 Samuel 3:11 God said to Samuel, "Look, I will do something in Israel that will make everyone's ears who hears it ring."
1 Samuel 3:12 On that day, I will do everything I said about Eli's family: when I start, I will finish it.
1 Samuel 3:13 I have told him that I will always judge his family for the wrongs he knows about; because his sons acted badly, and he did not stop them.
1 Samuel 3:14 So I promised Eli's family that their wrongs will never be forgiven by sacrifice or offering.
1 Samuel 3:15 Samuel lay until morning and opened the doors of God's house. Samuel was afraid to tell Eli about the vision.
1 Samuel 3:16 Then Eli called Samuel and said, "Samuel, my son." And he replied, "I'm here."
1 Samuel 3:17 He asked, "What did God tell you? Please, don't keep it from me. May God punish you if you hide anything he said from me."
1 Samuel 3:18 Samuel told him everything, and kept nothing from him. And he said, It is God: let him do what seems good to him.
1 Samuel 3:19 Samuel grew up, and God was with him, and made sure that all his words were effective.
1 Samuel 3:20 Everyone in Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, understood that Samuel was confirmed as a prophet of God.
1 Samuel 3:21 God appeared again in Shiloh because He showed Himself to Samuel in Shiloh through God's message.

1 Samuel 4:1 Samuel's message reached all of Israel. Israel went to fight the Philistines, setting up near Ebenezer, while the Philistines camped at Aphek.
1 Samuel 4:2 The Philistines lined up to fight Israel: and when the battle started, Israel was defeated by the Philistines: and they killed about four thousand soldiers on the battlefield.
1 Samuel 4:3 When the people returned to the camp, the leaders of Israel asked, "Why did God beat us today before the Philistines? Let's bring the ark of God's covenant from Shiloh to us, so that when it's with us, it can save us from our enemies."
1 Samuel 4:4 So the people sent to Shiloh to bring back the ark of God's covenant, which is kept between the cherubim. Eli's two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, were with the ark of God's covenant.
1 Samuel 4:5 When God's covenant chest came into the camp, all Israel yelled loudly, and the ground echoed.
1 Samuel 4:6 When the Philistines heard the shouting, they asked, "What does this loud cheering in the Hebrews' camp mean?" Then they realized the Ark of God had arrived in the camp.
1 Samuel 4:7 The Philistines were scared because they said, "God has come into the camp." They said, "This is terrible for us! Because nothing like this has ever happened before."
1 Samuel 4:8 We are in trouble! Who will rescue us from these powerful gods? These are the gods that struck the Egyptians with many plagues in the desert.
1 Samuel 4:9 Be brave and act like men, you Philistines, so you won't become slaves to the Hebrews as they have been to you. Act like men and fight.
1 Samuel 4:10 The Philistines battled, Israel was defeated, and everyone ran away to their tents: many were killed, with thirty thousand Israeli soldiers dying.
1 Samuel 4:11 God's ark was captured; Eli's two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed.
1 Samuel 4:12 A man from Benjamin ran from the battle and reached Shiloh that day with torn clothes and dirt on his head.
1 Samuel 4:13 When he arrived, Eli was sitting on a chair by the road looking out, because he was worried about God's ark. When the man entered the city and shared the news, everyone in the city shouted.
1 Samuel 4:14 When Eli heard the loud crying, he asked, "What does this loud noise mean?" The man rushed in and told Eli.
1 Samuel 4:15 Eli was ninety-eight years old and his eyes were weak so he couldn't see.
1 Samuel 4:16 The man told Eli, "I am the one who escaped from the army today." Eli asked, "What happened, my son?"
1 Samuel 4:17 The messenger replied, "Israel has run away from the Philistines, there's been a huge killing of our people, your two sons Hophni and Phinehas are dead, and the Ark of God has been captured."
1 Samuel 4:18 When he spoke about the ark of God, he fell backwards from his chair by the gate, broke his neck, and died because he was old and heavy. He had led Israel for forty years.
1 Samuel 4:19 Phinehas' wife, who was expecting a baby soon, found out that the Ark of God had been captured, and that her father-in-law and her husband were dead. She knelt down and began to give birth because her labor pains started.
1 Samuel 4:20 As she was dying, the women around her told her, "Don't be afraid; you have given birth to a son." But she did not answer or pay attention.
1 Samuel 4:21 She called the baby Ichabod, saying, "Glory has left Israel, because God's ark was captured, and because of her father-in-law and her husband."
1 Samuel 4:22 She said, "The glory has left Israel because the Ark of God has been captured."

1 Samuel 5:1 The Philistines captured God's chest and moved it from Ebenezer to Ashdod.
1 Samuel 5:2 When the Philistines captured the ark of God, they brought it into Dagon's temple and placed it next to Dagon.
1 Samuel 5:3 When the people of Ashdod got up the next morning, they saw Dagon had fallen face down on the ground before God's ark. They put Dagon back in his spot.
1 Samuel 5:4 When they got up the next morning, they saw that Dagon had fallen face down on the ground before God's ark; Dagon's head and both hands were cut off and lying on the doorstep, leaving only his body.
1 Samuel 5:5 So the priests of Dagon and anyone who enters Dagon's temple in Ashdod do not step on Dagon's doorway even now.
1 Samuel 5:6 God's hand was heavy on the people of Ashdod; he ruined them and struck them with tumors, both in Ashdod and its surrounding areas.
1 Samuel 5:7 When the people of Ashdod noticed this, they said, "The ark of Israel's God can't stay with us because his power is too much for us and for Dagon, our god."
1 Samuel 5:8 So they called together all the Philistine rulers and asked, "What should we do with the ark of the God of Israel?" They decided, "Take the ark of the God of Israel to Gath." Then they moved the ark of the God of Israel there.
1 Samuel 5:9 And it happened that after they moved it, God brought a terrible disaster upon the city. He struck the people, young and old, and they developed tumors in their private areas.
1 Samuel 5:10 So they sent God's ark to Ekron. When God's ark arrived in Ekron, the people of Ekron shouted, "They have brought the ark of Israel's God to us to kill us and our people."
1 Samuel 5:11 So they called all the leaders of the Philistines and said, "Send back the ark of the God of Israel, so it can return to where it belongs and not kill us and our people." There was fatal trouble all over the city; God's power was very strong there.
1 Samuel 5:12 The men who did not die were struck with tumors, and the city's cry reached up to heaven.

1 Samuel 6:1 The chest of God stayed in the land of the Philistines for seven months.
1 Samuel 6:2 The Philistines asked their priests and fortune-tellers, "What should we do with the ark of God? Tell us how to send it back to where it belongs."
1 Samuel 6:3 They said, "If you send back the ark of the God of Israel, don't send it empty. Instead, definitely send a guilt offering with it. Then you will be healed, and you will understand why he is still punishing you."
1 Samuel 6:4 They asked, "What should we give as a guilt offering to him?" They replied, "Five gold tumors and five gold mice, equal to the number of Philistine rulers, because the same disease struck all of you and your rulers."
1 Samuel 6:5 So you will make models of your tumors and of the mice that ruin the land; and you will honor the God of Israel. Maybe He will ease His grip on you, your gods, and your land.
1 Samuel 6:6 Why then do you make your hearts hard, like the Egyptians and Pharaoh did? When God showed them amazing things, didn't they let the people go, and they left?
1 Samuel 6:7 So now, build a new cart, and get two milk cows that have never worn a yoke. Hitch the cows to the cart, but take their calves back home away from them.
1 Samuel 6:8 Take God's ark and put it on the cart; put the gold offerings you're giving back for your wrongdoing in a box next to it; and then send it off so it can leave.
1 Samuel 6:9 Look and see if it returns to Bethshemesh in its own territory, then God has caused this terrible thing to us. But if not, then we will know it was not God who hurt us, it just happened by chance.
1 Samuel 6:10 The men followed the instructions; they took two milk cows, hitched them to the cart, and kept their calves inside at home.
1 Samuel 6:11 They put the ark of God on the cart, along with the box containing the gold mice and the statues of their tumors.
1 Samuel 6:12 The cows went straight on the road to Bethshemesh, walking on the main road and mooing as they walked, not turning right or left; and the Philistine leaders followed them to the border of Bethshemesh.
1 Samuel 6:13 The people of Bethshemesh were cutting their wheat in the valley. They looked up, saw the ark, and were happy to see it.
1 Samuel 6:14 The cart arrived in Joshua's field, a man from Beth-shemesh, and stopped by a big stone. They cut up the cart's wood and used it to make a fire to burn the cows as an offering to God.
1 Samuel 6:15 The Levites moved God's chest and the box that was with it, which held the gold jewels, and placed them on a large rock. That day, the people of Bethshemesh offered burnt gifts and sacrifices to God.
1 Samuel 6:16 When the five Philistine leaders saw it, they went back to Ekron that day.
1 Samuel 6:17 These are the gold tumors the Philistines gave as a guilt offering to God: one for Ashdod, one for Gaza, one for Ashkelon, one for Gath, one for Ekron.
1 Samuel 6:18 The gold mice matched the number of all the Philistine cities governed by the five rulers, including walled cities and villages, up to the large stone of Abel, where they placed God's ark. This stone is still in Joshua the Bethshemite's field today.
1 Samuel 6:19 God punished the men of Bethshemesh for looking inside the ark of God, killing 50,070 of them, and the people mourned because God had struck down many with a great loss of life.
1 Samuel 6:20 The people of Bethshemesh asked, "Who can stand before this holy God? And who will He leave us to go to?"
1 Samuel 6:21 They sent messengers to the people of Kirjathjearim to say, "The Philistines have returned the ark of God; come and take it to your place."

1 Samuel 7:1 The men from Kirjathjearim came, took the ark of God, and brought it to Abinadab's house on the hill. They set apart Eleazar, his son, to take care of the ark of God.
1 Samuel 7:2 While the ark stayed in Kirjathjearim, a lot of time passed; it was twenty years: and all the people of Israel felt sad and missed God.
1 Samuel 7:3 Samuel spoke to all Israel and said, "If you truly come back to God with all your hearts, get rid of the foreign gods and Ashtaroth, make your hearts right with God, and serve only him, then he will save you from the Philistines."
1 Samuel 7:4 Then the Israelites stopped worshiping Baal and Ashtaroth and served only God.
1 Samuel 7:5 Samuel said, "Bring all of Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray to God for you."
1 Samuel 7:6 They came together at Mizpeh, took water, poured it out before God, fasted that day, and said, "We have sinned against God." And Samuel decided cases for the Israelites in Mizpeh.
1 Samuel 7:7 When the Philistines found out that the Israelites had come together at Mizpeh, the Philistine rulers attacked Israel. The Israelites were scared when they heard this.
1 Samuel 7:8 The people of Israel told Samuel, "Don't stop praying to God for us, so that he will save us from the Philistines."
1 Samuel 7:9 Samuel took a young lamb and gave it as a complete burnt offering to God. Samuel prayed to God for Israel, and God listened to him.
1 Samuel 7:10 While Samuel was making the burnt offering, the Philistines came close to fight Israel: but God made a loud thunder that day on the Philistines, and confused them; and they were defeated by Israel.
1 Samuel 7:11 The Israelite men left Mizpeh, chased the Philistines, and defeated them all the way to Bethcar.
1 Samuel 7:12 Then Samuel took a stone, placed it between Mizpeh and Shen, and named it Ebenezer, saying, "Up to now, God has helped us."
1 Samuel 7:13 The Philistines were defeated and stopped entering Israel's territory; God opposed the Philistines during Samuel's entire life.
1 Samuel 7:14 The cities that the Philistines took from Israel were given back to Israel, from Ekron to Gath. Israel took them back from the Philistines. And Israel and the Amorites were at peace.
1 Samuel 7:15 Samuel was the judge of Israel all his life.
1 Samuel 7:16 He traveled every year to Bethel, Gilgal, and Mizpeh, and in all these places, he judged Israel.
1 Samuel 7:17 He went back to Ramah where his home was; there he decided cases for Israel and built an altar to God.

1 Samuel 8:1 When Samuel got old, he appointed his sons as judges for Israel.
1 Samuel 8:2 His first son was named Joel and his second, Abiah; they were judges in Beersheba.
1 Samuel 8:3 His sons did not follow his ways, but chased after money, accepted bribes, and twisted justice.
1 Samuel 8:4 All the leaders of Israel came together and went to see Samuel in Ramah.
1 Samuel 8:5 They said to him, "Look, you are old and your sons do not follow your ways. Now appoint for us a king to lead us, like other nations have."
1 Samuel 8:6 Samuel was upset when they said, "Give us a king to lead us." So he prayed to God.
1 Samuel 8:7 God said to Samuel, "Listen to what the people are saying to you. They haven't rejected you; they've rejected me as their ruler."
1 Samuel 8:8 Based on everything they've done since I took them out of Egypt until now, they have left me and worshiped other gods; they are doing the same to you.
1 Samuel 8:9 Listen to what they say, but clearly warn them and explain how the king who will rule them will act.
1 Samuel 8:10 Samuel told the people who wanted a king everything that God had said.
1 Samuel 8:11 He said, "The king who will rule over you will take your sons for himself, to use them for his chariots and as his horsemen, and some will run in front of his chariots."
1 Samuel 8:12 He will make people leaders over groups of a thousand and leaders over groups of fifty; he will assign them to plow his land, harvest his crops, and make his weapons and chariot equipment.
1 Samuel 8:13 He will take your daughters to make sweets, to cook, and to bake.
1 Samuel 8:14 He will take your farms, grapevines, and olive groves, the best ones, and give them to his workers.
1 Samuel 8:15 He will take a tenth of your crops and your vineyards and give it to his officials and servants.
1 Samuel 8:16 He will take your male and female servants, your best young men, and your donkeys, and make them work for him.
1 Samuel 8:17 He will take a tenth of your sheep, and you will become his servants.
1 Samuel 8:18 You will cry out on that day because of the king you chose; but God will not listen to you on that day.
1 Samuel 8:19 Still, the people wouldn't listen to Samuel, saying, "No, we want a king to rule over us."
1 Samuel 8:20 We want to be like other countries; we want our king to make decisions for us, lead us, and fight our wars.
1 Samuel 8:21 Samuel heard everything the people said and told it to God.
1 Samuel 8:22 God told Samuel, "Listen to what they say and give them a king." Then Samuel said to the Israelites, "Everyone go back to your own town."

1 Samuel 9:1 There was a man from the tribe of Benjamin named Kish. He was the son of Abiel, the grandson of Zeror, the great-grandson of Bechorath, and the great-great-grandson of Aphiah. He was a strong and influential man.
1 Samuel 9:2 He had a son named Saul, a fine young man and handsome. There was no one more handsome in Israel than him. He was taller than everyone else from the shoulders up.
1 Samuel 9:3 Kish, Saul's dad, lost his donkeys. Kish told Saul, his son, "Take a servant with you, get up, and go find the donkeys."
1 Samuel 9:4 He went through the hills of Ephraim and the area of Shalisha, but they didn't find them. Then they went through the area of Shalim, and they weren't there either. He also went through the land of Benjamin, but still, they didn't find them.
1 Samuel 9:5 When they reached the land of Zuph, Saul told his servant with him, "Let's go back, or my father will stop worrying about the donkeys and start worrying about us."
1 Samuel 9:6 He told him, "Look, in this city there's a man of God who is respected; everything he says happens for sure. Let's go there; maybe he can tell us the way we should take."
1 Samuel 9:7 Then Saul said to his servant, "But if we go, what can we give the man? Our food is gone, and we don't have a gift for the man of God. What do we have?"
1 Samuel 9:8 The servant told Saul again, "Look, I have a quarter of a silver coin here. I will give it to the man of God to show us the way."
1 Samuel 9:9 Before in Israel, when someone wanted to ask God something, they would say, "Let's go to the seer." What we now call a Prophet was once called a Seer.
1 Samuel 9:10 Saul told his servant, "Good idea; let's go." So they set off towards the city where the man of God lived.
1 Samuel 9:11 As they climbed the hill to the city, they met young women going to get water and asked them, "Is the prophet here?"
1 Samuel 9:12 They replied, "Yes, he is here; he's just ahead of you. Hurry now, because he arrived in the city today since there's a people's sacrifice happening today at the high place."
1 Samuel 9:13 As soon as you arrive in the city, you will immediately find him before he goes up to eat at the high place, because the people won't eat until he arrives to bless the sacrifice. Then, those who are invited will eat. So go now; you will find him at this time.
1 Samuel 9:14 They went up to the city, and as they arrived, they saw Samuel coming out to meet them on his way to the worship place.
1 Samuel 9:15 God had told Samuel the day before Saul arrived, saying,
1 Samuel 9:16 Tomorrow at this time, I will send you a man from the land of Benjamin, and you will anoint him as leader over my people Israel, so he can save them from the Philistines; because I have heard my people's cry for help.
1 Samuel 9:17 When Samuel saw Saul, God told him, "Look at the man I told you about! He will rule over my people."
1 Samuel 9:18 Saul came close to Samuel at the gate and asked, "Please tell me where the prophet's house is."
1 Samuel 9:19 Samuel replied to Saul, "I am the prophet. Go ahead of me to the worship place; you will eat with me today, and tomorrow I will let you go and explain everything you are wondering about."
1 Samuel 9:20 Don't worry about your donkeys that went missing three days ago; they've been found. And who does all of Israel look up to? Isn't it you and your family?
1 Samuel 9:21 Saul replied, "Aren't I from Benjamin, the smallest tribe of Israel, and isn't my family the least important of all the families in the tribe of Benjamin? So why are you saying this to me?"
1 Samuel 9:22 Samuel took Saul and his servant to the dining room and had them sit in the best place among the about thirty invited guests.
1 Samuel 9:23 Samuel told the cook, "Bring the piece I gave you, the one I told you to keep aside."
1 Samuel 9:24 The cook picked up the shoulder meat and everything on it, and placed it in front of Saul. Then Samuel said, "Look, this is what's left! Put it in front of you and eat. It has been saved for you since I invited the people." So Saul ate with Samuel that day.
1 Samuel 9:25 After they came down from the high place to the city, Samuel talked with Saul on the roof of the house.
1 Samuel 9:26 They got up early. When the day began to dawn, Samuel called Saul to the rooftop and said, "Get up, so I can send you off." Saul got up, and they both went outside, Saul and Samuel.
1 Samuel 9:27 As they were walking to the edge of the city, Samuel told Saul, "Tell the servant to go ahead of us," (and he went ahead), "but you stay here for a moment, so I can tell you what God has to say."

1 Samuel 10:1 Then Samuel took a bottle of oil, poured it on his head, kissed him, and said, "Isn't it because God has chosen you to lead his people?"
1 Samuel 10:2 When you leave me today, you will meet two men near Rachel's tomb on Benjamin's border at Zelzah; they will tell you that the donkeys you were looking for have been found, and look, your father has stopped worrying about the donkeys and is now worried about you, wondering, 'What should I do for my son?'
1 Samuel 10:3 Then you will move on from there and reach Tabor's plain, where three men going to worship God at Bethel will meet you. One will have three young goats, another three loaves of bread, and the third a container of wine.
1 Samuel 10:4 They will greet you and give you two loaves of bread; you should take them from their hands.
1 Samuel 10:5 After that, you will go to God's hill, where the Philistine soldiers are: and when you get there, you will meet a group of prophets coming down from the worship place with a psaltery, a tambourine, a flute, and a harp in front of them; and they will speak God's messages.
1 Samuel 10:6 God's Spirit will come on you, and you will prophesy with them, and you will be changed into a different person.
1 Samuel 10:7 When these signs happen to you, do what you think is best because God is with you.
1 Samuel 10:8 Go ahead of me to Gilgal, and wait there. I will come to you to offer burnt sacrifices and peace offerings. Stay for seven days until I arrive and tell you what to do.
1 Samuel 10:9 When he left Samuel and turned away, God changed his heart, and all the signs happened that day.
1 Samuel 10:10 When they got to the hill, a group of prophets met him; God's Spirit came on him, and he spoke God's messages with them.
1 Samuel 10:11 When everyone who knew him before saw that he was prophesying with the prophets, they asked each other, "What has happened to Kish's son? Is Saul also one of the prophets?"
1 Samuel 10:12 Someone from there replied, "But who is their father?" So it became a saying, "Is Saul also a prophet?"
1 Samuel 10:13 After he finished prophesying, he arrived at the high place.
1 Samuel 10:14 Saul's uncle asked him and his servant, "Where did you go?" He replied, "To look for the donkeys. When we couldn't find them anywhere, we went to Samuel."
1 Samuel 10:15 Saul's uncle asked, "Please tell me what Samuel said to you."
1 Samuel 10:16 Saul told his uncle, "He clearly said that the donkeys were found. But he didn't tell him about the kingdom business that Samuel mentioned."
1 Samuel 10:17 And Samuel gathered the people to God at Mizpeh.
1 Samuel 10:18 God told the people of Israel, "I took Israel out of Egypt, and saved you from the Egyptians and from every kingdom that pressured you."
1 Samuel 10:19 Today, you have turned away from God, who rescued you from all your troubles and hardships; and you have told Him, 'No, we want a king to rule over us.' So now, come stand before God by your tribes and in groups of a thousand.
1 Samuel 10:20 When Samuel had all Israel's tribes come forward, the tribe of Benjamin was chosen.
1 Samuel 10:21 When he made the tribe of Benjamin approach by their families, Matri's family was chosen, and Saul, Kish's son, was selected: but when they looked for him, he was not found.
1 Samuel 10:22 So they asked God again if the man would come there. And God said, "Look, he has hidden himself among the baggage."
1 Samuel 10:23 They hurried to get him from there, and when he stood with the people, he was taller than anyone else from his shoulders up.
1 Samuel 10:24 And Samuel said to everyone, "Look at the man whom God has chosen, there is no one like him among all the people." And all the people yelled, "God save the king."
1 Samuel 10:25 Samuel explained to the people how the kingdom should work, wrote it in a book, and put it before God. Then Samuel sent everyone home.
1 Samuel 10:26 Saul went back to Gibeah, and a group of men whose hearts God had moved went with him.
1 Samuel 10:27 But Belial's followers said, "How can this man save us?" They looked down on him and gave him no gifts. But he stayed quiet.

1 Samuel 11:1 Then Nahash the Ammonite arrived and camped against Jabeshgilead. All the men of Jabesh told Nahash, "Make an agreement with us, and we will serve you."
1 Samuel 11:2 Nahash the Ammonite replied, "I will make an agreement with you only if I can gouge out everyone's right eye, to shame all of Israel."
1 Samuel 11:3 The leaders of Jabesh said to him, "Give us seven days to send messengers throughout Israel for help. If no one comes to rescue us, we will surrender to you."
1 Samuel 11:4 The messengers arrived at Saul's Gibeah and told the news to the people; everyone cried out loud and wept.
1 Samuel 11:5 Saul returned from the fields, following the herd. He asked, "Why are the people crying?" They told him what happened to the men of Jabesh.
1 Samuel 11:6 God's Spirit came over Saul when he heard the news, and he became very angry.
1 Samuel 11:7 He took a pair of oxen, cut them up, and sent the pieces throughout Israel by messengers, saying, "Whoever doesn't follow Saul and Samuel will have their oxen treated the same way." The people were afraid of God and agreed to come together.
1 Samuel 11:8 When he counted them in Bezek, the Israelites were 300,000, and the men of Judah were 30,000.
1 Samuel 11:9 They told the messengers, "Say to the men of Jabeshgilead, 'By tomorrow, when the sun is hot, you will get help.'" The messengers told the men of Jabesh, and they were happy.
1 Samuel 11:10 So the men of Jabesh told them, "Tomorrow we will surrender to you, and you can do to us whatever you think is right."
1 Samuel 11:11 The next day, Saul divided the people into three groups. They attacked the enemy camp during the early morning and fought the Ammonites until it was hot. The remaining Ammonites ran away, and not even two of them stayed together.
1 Samuel 11:12 The people said to Samuel, "Who questioned whether Saul would rule over us? Bring those men so we can kill them."
1 Samuel 11:13 Saul said, "No one will be killed today because God has given Israel victory today."
1 Samuel 11:14 Samuel told the people, "Come, let's go to Gilgal and start the kingdom again there."
1 Samuel 11:15 All the people went to Gilgal, and there they made Saul king before God. They offered peace sacrifices to God in Gilgal, and Saul and all the Israelite men were very happy.

1 Samuel 12:1 Samuel told all of Israel, "Look, I have listened to what you said to me, and I have made a king for you."
1 Samuel 12:2 Now look, the king leads you. I am old with gray hair, and my sons are with you. I have led you from my youth until now.
1 Samuel 12:3 Look, I am here: speak against me before God, and his chosen leader: Which ox or donkey have I taken? Who have I cheated or treated unfairly? From whom have I taken a bribe to look the other way? Tell me and I will give it back.
1 Samuel 12:4 They said, "You have not cheated or mistreated us, nor have you taken anything from anyone."
1 Samuel 12:5 He told them, "God is your witness, and his chosen one is also a witness today, that you found nothing wrong in what I've done." And they replied, "He is our witness."
1 Samuel 12:6 Samuel told the people, "It is God who promoted Moses and Aaron, and who led your ancestors out of Egypt."
1 Samuel 12:7 Now stand still so I can tell you about all the good things God did for you and your ancestors.
1 Samuel 12:8 When Jacob arrived in Egypt, and your ancestors called out to God, then God sent Moses and Aaron who led your ancestors out of Egypt and settled them here.
1 Samuel 12:9 When they forgot God, he let Sisera, the army leader of Hazor, the Philistines, and the king of Moab capture them and fight against them.
1 Samuel 12:10 They called out to God, saying, "We have sinned by leaving God and serving Baal and Ashtaroth. Now save us from our enemies, and we will serve you."
1 Samuel 12:11 God sent Jerubbaal, Bedan, Jephthah, and Samuel, and saved you from your enemies all around, and you lived in safety.
1 Samuel 12:12 When you saw that King Nahash of the Ammonites was attacking, you told me, 'No, we want a king to rule over us,' even though God was already your king.
1 Samuel 12:13 Now see the king you chose and wanted! God has made him your king.
1 Samuel 12:14 If you respect God, serve Him, listen to His words, and don't disobey His commands, then both you and the king who rules over you will keep on following God.
1 Samuel 12:15 But if you don't listen to God's voice and disobey His command, then God will be against you, just as He was against your ancestors.
1 Samuel 12:16 Now stand and watch this amazing thing that God will do before you.
1 Samuel 12:17 Isn't it wheat harvest today? I will call to God, and he will make thunder and rain come; so you will realize and see how bad your wrongdoings are, which you did before God by asking for a king.
1 Samuel 12:18 So Samuel prayed to God, and God made thunder and rain that day; and all the people were very afraid of God and Samuel.
1 Samuel 12:19 And all the people told Samuel, "Pray for us to God that we don't die, because we have made our sins worse by asking for a king."
1 Samuel 12:20 Samuel told the people, "Don't be afraid. You have done wrong, but do not stop following God. Instead, serve God with all your heart."
1 Samuel 12:21 Do not turn away: if you do, you will chase worthless things that cannot help or save you, because they are useless.
1 Samuel 12:22 God will not abandon his people for the sake of his great name: because it has pleased God to make you his people.
1 Samuel 12:23 Also, I would never sin against God by stopping my prayers for you. Instead, I will show you the good and right way to live.
1 Samuel 12:24 Only be afraid of God, and serve Him honestly with all your heart: for think about the amazing things He has done for you.
1 Samuel 12:25 If you keep doing bad things, you and your king will be destroyed.

1 Samuel 13:1 Saul was king for one year; after two years as king of Israel,
1 Samuel 13:2 Saul picked 3,000 Israeli soldiers; 2,000 stayed with Saul in Michmash and Bethel, 1,000 were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin, and he sent the others home.
1 Samuel 13:3 Jonathan attacked the Philistine outpost at Geba, and the Philistines found out. Saul sounded the trumpet all over the country, saying, "Let the Israelites hear."
1 Samuel 13:4 Everyone in Israel heard that Saul had defeated a Philistine outpost, and that the Philistines hated Israel. So the people gathered to follow Saul to Gilgal.
1 Samuel 13:5 The Philistines came together to battle Israel with thirty thousand chariots, six thousand horsemen, and a huge crowd like the sand by the sea. They advanced and set up camp at Michmash, to the east of Bethaven.
1 Samuel 13:6 When the Israelite men realized they were in trouble because the people were distressed, they hid in caves, bushes, rocks, high areas, and pits.
1 Samuel 13:7 Some Hebrews crossed the Jordan River to Gad and Gilead, while Saul was still in Gilgal, and all the people with him were scared.
1 Samuel 13:8 He waited seven days, as Samuel had ordered, but Samuel did not come to Gilgal; and the people left him.
1 Samuel 13:9 Saul said, "Bring me a burnt offering and peace offerings." Then he gave the burnt offering.
1 Samuel 13:10 After he finished the burnt offering, Samuel arrived; Saul went out to greet him.
1 Samuel 13:11 And Samuel asked, "What have you done?" Saul answered, "I saw the people leaving me, you didn't arrive when you said you would, and the Philistines were uniting at Michmash."
1 Samuel 13:12 So I thought, 'The Philistines will soon attack me at Gilgal, and I haven't asked for God's help.' So I felt I had to go ahead and offer a sacrifice.
1 Samuel 13:13 Samuel said to Saul, "You have acted foolishly; you did not follow God's command which He gave you. Because of this, God would have made your rule over Israel last forever, but now he will not."
1 Samuel 13:14 But now your kingdom won't last. God has chosen a man who pleases Him, and God has told him to lead His people because you did not follow God's commands.
1 Samuel 13:15 Samuel got up and went from Gilgal to Gibeah in Benjamin. Saul counted the people with him, about six hundred men.
1 Samuel 13:16 Saul, his son Jonathan, and the people with them stayed in Gibeah in Benjamin's land, while the Philistines camped in Michmash.
1 Samuel 13:17 The raiders came out of the Philistines' camp in three groups: one group went toward the road to Ophrah, in Shual's territory.
1 Samuel 13:18 One group went towards Bethhoron, and another went along the road that borders the valley of Zeboim, heading to the desert.
1 Samuel 13:19 In all of Israel, no blacksmith could be found because the Philistines didn't want the Hebrews to make swords or spears.
1 Samuel 13:20 All the Israelites went to the Philistines to sharpen their plows, cutting tools, axes, and hoes.
1 Samuel 13:21 They had a tool to sharpen the hoes, plows, forks, axes, and prods.
1 Samuel 13:22 On the battle day, no one with Saul and Jonathan had a sword or spear, except for Saul and his son Jonathan.
1 Samuel 13:23 The Philistine soldiers went to the Michmash path.

1 Samuel 14:1 One day, Jonathan, Saul's son, told his armor-bearer, "Come, let's go to the Philistine camp on the other side." But he didn't tell his father.
1 Samuel 14:2 Saul waited at the edge of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree in Migron, and there were about six hundred men with him.
1 Samuel 14:3 Ahiah, Ahitub's son, Ichabod's brother, Phinehas's son, Eli's son, God's priest in Shiloh, wore an ephod. The people didn't know Jonathan had left.
1 Samuel 14:4 Between the paths where Jonathan wanted to cross to the Philistines' camp, there was a steep cliff on one side and a steep cliff on the other side. One cliff was called Bozez, and the other was called Seneh.
1 Samuel 14:5 The front of one was positioned to the north facing Michmash, and the other to the south facing Gibeah.
1 Samuel 14:6 Jonathan said to his armor bearer, "Come, let's go to the camp of these uncircumcised men. Maybe God will help us, because God can save with a lot or a few."
1 Samuel 14:7 His helper said to him, "Do all that is in your heart: go ahead; see, I am with you, as you feel in your heart."
1 Samuel 14:8 Jonathan said, "Look, we will go over to these men and show ourselves to them."
1 Samuel 14:9 If they tell us, 'Wait here until we come to you,' then we'll stay where we are and not go up to them.
1 Samuel 14:10 But if they say, "Come up to us," then we will go up, because God has given them into our hands, and this will be a sign to us.
1 Samuel 14:11 Both of them showed themselves to the Philistine outpost, and the Philistines said, "Look, the Hebrews are coming out of the holes where they were hiding."
1 Samuel 14:12 The soldiers at the fort called out to Jonathan and his helper, "Come up to us, and we'll teach you a lesson." Jonathan then said to his helper, "Follow me up, because God has given them to Israel's power."
1 Samuel 14:13 Jonathan climbed up using his hands and feet, and his armor-bearer followed him. The enemies fell before Jonathan, and his armor-bearer killed them after he did.
1 Samuel 14:14 Jonathan and his helper killed about twenty men in an area as big as half an acre of land that a pair of oxen could plow.
1 Samuel 14:15 There was shaking in the army, in the field, and among all the people. The guards and the raiders were also afraid, and the ground shook very much.
1 Samuel 14:16 Saul's guards in Gibeah of Benjamin looked, and saw the crowd disappearing and they were attacking each other.
1 Samuel 14:17 Saul said to his men, "Count and see who is missing from us." After they counted, they saw that Jonathan and his armor-bearer were not there.
1 Samuel 14:18 Saul said to Ahiah, "Bring the ark of God here," because the ark was with the Israelites then.
1 Samuel 14:19 While Saul was talking to the priest, the noise from the Philistine army grew louder and louder, so Saul told the priest to stop.
1 Samuel 14:20 Saul and all his followers gathered and went to fight. Suddenly, each man attacked the others, causing great confusion.
1 Samuel 14:21 The Hebrews who had joined the Philistines earlier and had gone with them to their camp from the surrounding area also switched sides to join the Israelites with Saul and Jonathan.
1 Samuel 14:22 Also, all the Israelite men who had hidden in the hills of Ephraim joined the chase when they heard the Philistines were running away.
1 Samuel 14:23 God saved Israel that day, and the battle moved to Bethaven.
1 Samuel 14:24 The Israelite men were upset that day because Saul had made the people promise, saying, “May the man who eats any food before evening, when I get revenge on my enemies, be cursed." So, no one ate anything all day.
1 Samuel 14:25 Everyone in the country went to a forest, and there was honey on the ground.
1 Samuel 14:26 When the people entered the forest, they saw honey dripping, but no one ate any because they were afraid of the promise they had made.
1 Samuel 14:27 Jonathan did not hear when his father ordered the people to make the promise. So he reached out with his stick, dipped it into a honeycomb, and tasted the honey; then his eyes brightened.
1 Samuel 14:28 One person replied, saying, "Your father strictly told the people with a promise, 'Let the man who eats any food today be cursed.' And the people were weak."
1 Samuel 14:29 Jonathan said, "My father has caused problems in the land. Look how my eyes have brightened because I had a little bit of this honey."
1 Samuel 14:30 Wouldn't there have been even more of the Philistines killed if the people had been allowed to eat the food they took from their enemies today?
1 Samuel 14:31 They defeated the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon, and the people were very tired.
1 Samuel 14:32 The people rushed to take the loot, grabbing sheep, oxen, and young cows. They killed them right there on the ground and ate them, blood and all.
1 Samuel 14:33 Then they informed Saul, "Look, the people are sinning against God by eating meat with blood in it." And he replied, "You have broken the rules: bring a large stone to me today."
1 Samuel 14:34 Saul said, "Spread out among the people and tell them, 'Each of you bring your ox and sheep here. Kill them, eat them, but do not sin against God by eating the blood.' " And that night, everyone brought their ox and killed them there.
1 Samuel 14:35 Saul built an altar for God; it was the first altar he built for God.
1 Samuel 14:36 Saul said, "Let's attack the Philistines at night, take their things until morning, and not leave any of them alive." They replied, "Do whatever you think is best." Then the priest said, "Let's go to God here."
1 Samuel 14:37 Saul asked God for advice, "Should I chase the Philistines? Will you give them to Israel?" But God did not answer him that day.
1 Samuel 14:38 Saul said, "Come here, all the leaders of the people. Find out and see where the sin happened today."
1 Samuel 14:39 Because God lives, who saves Israel, even if it's my son Jonathan, he must die. But no one among the people responded to him.
1 Samuel 14:40 He told all of Israel, "You stay on one side, and my son Jonathan and I will be on the other side." The people told Saul, "Do what you think is best."
1 Samuel 14:41 Therefore, Saul asked God of Israel for a clear answer with lots. Saul and Jonathan were chosen; the others were not.
1 Samuel 14:42 Saul said, "Decide by chance between me and my son Jonathan." And Jonathan was chosen.
1 Samuel 14:43 Then Saul asked Jonathan, "Tell me what you have done." Jonathan answered, "I only tasted a little honey with the tip of the stick I was holding, and now I must die."
1 Samuel 14:44 Saul replied, "If God doesn't punish me and even more if you don't die, Jonathan."
1 Samuel 14:45 The people asked Saul, "Should Jonathan die, who has brought this big victory in Israel? No, God wouldn't want that: as long as God lives, not even one hair from his head will drop to the ground; for today he fought alongside God." So, the people saved Jonathan, and he did not die.
1 Samuel 14:46 Then Saul stopped chasing the Philistines, and the Philistines went back to their own land.
1 Samuel 14:47 Saul became king of Israel and fought all his enemies around him, Moab, Ammon's people, Edom, Zobah's kings, and the Philistines. Wherever he went, he defeated them.
1 Samuel 14:48 He assembled an army, defeated the Amalekites, and saved Israel from those who had plundered them.
1 Samuel 14:49 Saul's sons were Jonathan, Ishui, and Melchishua. His two daughters were named Merab, the oldest, and Michal, the younger.
1 Samuel 14:50 Saul's wife's name was Ahinoam, Ahimaaz's daughter, and his army's leader was Abner, Ner's son, Saul's uncle.
1 Samuel 14:51 Kish was Saul's father, and Ner, Abner's father, was Abiel's son.
1 Samuel 14:52 There was intense war with the Philistines throughout Saul's time; whenever Saul saw a strong or brave man, he brought him into his service.

1 Samuel 15:1 Samuel also said to Saul, "God sent me to anoint you as king over his people, over Israel; so now listen to what God says."
1 Samuel 15:2 God says, "I remember what Amalek did to Israel, how he ambushed them on their journey from Egypt."
1 Samuel 15:3 Go and attack Amalek, destroy everything they own, and show no mercy; kill everyone, men and women, babies and children, cows and sheep, camels and donkeys.
1 Samuel 15:4 Saul brought the people together and counted them at Telaim: 200,000 soldiers on foot and 10,000 men from Judah.
1 Samuel 15:5 Saul came to an Amalekite city and hid in the valley.
1 Samuel 15:6 Saul said to the Kenites, "Go away, leave this place away from the Amalekites, so I don't destroy you with them. You were kind to all the Israelites when they left Egypt." So the Kenites moved away from the Amalekites.
1 Samuel 15:7 Saul attacked the Amalekites from Havilah to Shur, near Egypt.
1 Samuel 15:8 He captured Agag, the king of the Amalekites, alive and killed all the people with the sword.
1 Samuel 15:9 But Saul and the people saved Agag, the best sheep, cows, fat young animals, lambs, and all the good things, and did not completely destroy them; but everything that was bad and worthless, they completely destroyed.
1 Samuel 15:10 God spoke to Samuel, saying,
1 Samuel 15:11 I regret making Saul king because he stopped following me and didn't obey my commands. This made Samuel sad, and he cried out to God all night.
1 Samuel 15:12 When Samuel got up early to see Saul in the morning, someone told Samuel that Saul went to Carmel, made a memorial there, and then moved on and went down to Gilgal.
1 Samuel 15:13 Samuel went to Saul, and Saul told him, "God bless you; I have done what God commanded."
1 Samuel 15:14 Samuel asked, "What is the meaning of the sheep's bleating and the oxen's lowing that I hear?"
1 Samuel 15:15 Saul said, "They got them from the Amalekites because the people kept the best sheep and cattle to offer to God; and we have completely destroyed the rest."
1 Samuel 15:16 Samuel told Saul, "Wait, and I will tell you what God told me tonight." And Saul said to him, "Go ahead."
1 Samuel 15:17 Samuel said, When you thought you were not important, weren't you chosen to lead the tribes of Israel, and didn't God appoint you as king over Israel?
1 Samuel 15:18 God sent you on a mission, telling you, "Go and completely destroy the sinful Amalekites and battle them until they are wiped out."
1 Samuel 15:19 Why didn't you listen to God's voice, but instead took the loot and did wrong in God's eyes?
1 Samuel 15:20 Saul said to Samuel, "Yes, I did what God told me, and I followed the path God gave me. I captured King Agag of Amalek and completely destroyed the Amalekites."
1 Samuel 15:21 But the people took the best of the sheep and cattle, which were supposed to be completely destroyed, to offer as sacrifices to God in Gilgal.
1 Samuel 15:22 And Samuel said, "Does God enjoy burnt offerings and sacrifices as much as listening to God? Look, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to listen is better than the best parts of rams."
1 Samuel 15:23 Rebellion is like witchcraft, and being stubborn is like doing wrong and worshiping idols. Since you have rejected God's message, He has also rejected you as king.
1 Samuel 15:24 Saul said to Samuel, "I have sinned because I broke God's command and your words, since I was afraid of the people and listened to them."
1 Samuel 15:25 Please forgive my sin now, and come back with me so I can worship God.
1 Samuel 15:26 Samuel told Saul, "I will not go back with you because you ignored God's message, and God has decided you won't be king of Israel anymore."
1 Samuel 15:27 As Samuel was leaving, he grabbed the edge of his robe, and it tore.
1 Samuel 15:28 Samuel said to him, "God has taken the kingdom of Israel from you today and has given it to someone who lives near you, who is better than you."
1 Samuel 15:29 God, the Strength of Israel, will not lie or change His mind, because He is not a human who would need to change His mind.
1 Samuel 15:30 He said, "I have sinned; but please respect me now in front of my people's leaders and Israel, and come back with me so I can worship God."
1 Samuel 15:31 So Samuel went back with Saul, and Saul worshiped God.
1 Samuel 15:32 Then Samuel said, "Bring me Agag, the king of the Amalekites." And Agag came to him carefully. And Agag said, "Certainly the worst of death is over."
1 Samuel 15:33 Samuel said, "Just as the sword has left women without children, your mother will be without children among women." And Samuel cut Agag into pieces before God in Gilgal.
1 Samuel 15:34 Then Samuel went to Ramah, and Saul went to his home in Gibeah.
1 Samuel 15:35 Samuel did not visit Saul again until Saul died. But Samuel felt sad for Saul, and God wished he had not made Saul king over Israel.

1 Samuel 16:1 God said to Samuel, "How long will you be sad for Saul, when I have decided he will not be king over Israel? Put oil in your horn and go. I will send you to Jesse of Bethlehem because I have chosen one of his sons to be king."
1 Samuel 16:2 And Samuel said, "How can I go? If Saul hears it, he will kill me." And God said, "Take a young cow with you and say, 'I have come to make a sacrifice to God.'"
1 Samuel 16:3 Invite Jesse to the offering, and I will tell you what to do: you shall anoint for me the one I point out to you.
1 Samuel 16:4 Samuel did as God said and went to Bethlehem. The town leaders shook with fear when he arrived and asked, "Do you come in peace?"
1 Samuel 16:5 He said, "I've come to offer a sacrifice to God peacefully. Get ready and join me in the sacrifice." He set Jesse and his sons apart as holy and invited them to the sacrifice.
1 Samuel 16:6 When they arrived, he saw Eliab and thought, "Certainly, God's chosen one is here."
1 Samuel 16:7 But God told Samuel, Do not look at his face or how tall he is, because I have not chosen him. God does not see the way people see; people look at the outside, but God looks at the heart.
1 Samuel 16:8 Then Jesse called Abinadab and had him walk in front of Samuel. And he said, God has not chosen this one either.
1 Samuel 16:9 Then Jesse had Shammah walk by, but he said, "God has not chosen this one either."
1 Samuel 16:10 Jesse had seven of his sons walk in front of Samuel. Samuel told Jesse, "God has not chosen these."
1 Samuel 16:11 Samuel asked Jesse, "Are all your children here?" Jesse replied, "The youngest is still out, taking care of the sheep." Then Samuel said to Jesse, "Send for him; we won't sit down until he arrives."
1 Samuel 16:12 He sent for him and brought him in. He had red cheeks, a handsome face, and looked good. God said, "Stand up, anoint him; this is the one."
1 Samuel 16:13 Samuel took the oil horn and put oil on David in front of his brothers. God's Spirit came on David from that day on. Then Samuel got up and went to Ramah.
1 Samuel 16:14 God's Spirit left Saul, and a bad spirit from God troubled him.
1 Samuel 16:15 Saul's servants told him, "Look, an evil spirit from God is troubling you."
1 Samuel 16:16 Please tell your servants here to find a skilled harp player. When the bad spirit from God comes on you, he can play and you will feel better.
1 Samuel 16:17 Saul told his servants, "Find a man who can play music well and bring him to me."
1 Samuel 16:18 A servant replied, "Look, I've seen Jesse of Bethlehem's son, who is skilled at playing music, a brave strong man, a fighter, smart in decision-making, good-looking, and God is with him."
1 Samuel 16:19 So Saul sent messages to Jesse, saying, "Send me your son David, who is with the sheep."
1 Samuel 16:20 Jesse took a donkey loaded with bread, a bottle of wine, and a young goat, and sent them with his son David to Saul.
1 Samuel 16:21 David went to Saul, stood in front of him, Saul loved him very much, and David became his armor carrier.
1 Samuel 16:22 Saul sent a message to Jesse, saying, "Please let David come and see me, because I like him."
1 Samuel 16:23 When the evil spirit from God came upon Saul, David played the harp with his hand, and Saul felt better, and the evil spirit left him.

1 Samuel 17:1 The Philistines brought their armies together to fight and met at Shochoh, part of Judah, setting up camp between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.
1 Samuel 17:2 Saul and the Israelite men came together, camped by the Elah Valley, and arranged their soldiers to fight the Philistines.
1 Samuel 17:3 The Philistines were on one mountain, and Israel was on another, with a valley between them.
1 Samuel 17:4 A great fighter named Goliath from Gath, who was very tall—nine feet and four inches—came out of the Philistine army camp.
1 Samuel 17:5 He wore a bronze helmet and a body armor made of metal, which weighed five thousand bronze coins.
1 Samuel 17:6 He wore bronze armor on his legs and a bronze plate on his back.
1 Samuel 17:7 His spear's handle was like a weaver's large pole; the spear's tip weighed six hundred iron shekels, and a man carrying a shield walked in front of him.
1 Samuel 17:8 He stood and shouted to Israel's armies, "Why have you come to arrange for battle? Am I not a Philistine and you, Saul's servants? Pick a man for yourselves, and let him come down to fight me."
1 Samuel 17:9 If he can fight me and kill me, then we will serve you; but if I beat him and kill him, then you will serve us.
1 Samuel 17:10 The Philistine said, "I challenge Israel's armies today; give me a man to fight with me."
1 Samuel 17:11 When Saul and all Israel heard what the Philistine said, they were upset and very scared.
1 Samuel 17:12 David was the son of an Ephrathite from Bethlehem in Judah, named Jesse, who had eight sons. Jesse was an old man during Saul's time.
1 Samuel 17:13 Jesse's three oldest sons joined Saul in the fight: their names were Eliab the eldest, then Abinadab, and the third, Shammah.
1 Samuel 17:14 David was the youngest, and the three oldest followed Saul.
1 Samuel 17:15 David left Saul and went back to take care of his father's sheep in Bethlehem.
1 Samuel 17:16 The Philistine approached every morning and evening for forty days.
1 Samuel 17:17 Jesse told his son David, "Now take an ephah of this roasted grain and these ten loaves of bread to your brothers at the camp."
1 Samuel 17:18 Take these ten cheeses to the commander of their unit, see how your brothers are doing, and bring back something to show they are well.
1 Samuel 17:19 Now Saul, they, and all the Israelite men were in the Elah Valley, fighting the Philistines.
1 Samuel 17:20 David got up early, left the sheep with someone to watch them, and did as Jesse told him. He arrived at the battlefield as the army was heading out to fight and raised a battle cry.
1 Samuel 17:21 Israel and the Philistines arranged their armies for battle, facing each other.
1 Samuel 17:22 David left his supplies with the supply keeper, ran to the soldiers, and greeted his brothers.
1 Samuel 17:23 While he was talking to them, the Philistine warrior from Gath, named Goliath, came out of the Philistine ranks and repeated his challenge, and David heard it.
1 Samuel 17:24 When the men of Israel saw the man, they ran away from him, very scared.
1 Samuel 17:25 The men of Israel asked, "Have you seen this man who has come? He has come to challenge Israel. Whoever kills him will get a lot of wealth from the king, will marry the king's daughter, and will make his family free in Israel."
1 Samuel 17:26 David asked the men near him, "What will be done for the man who kills this Philistine and removes the disgrace from Israel? Who does this uncircumcised Philistine think he is to insult the armies of the living God?"
1 Samuel 17:27 The people responded to him, saying, "The man who kills him will be treated this way."
1 Samuel 17:28 When David's oldest brother Eliab heard him talking to the men, he became angry at David and asked, "Why did you come here? Who's taking care of the few sheep you have in the desert? I know you're proud and mischievous; you just came to watch the fight."
1 Samuel 17:29 David said, "What did I do now? Isn't there a reason?"
1 Samuel 17:30 He turned away from him to someone else and spoke in the same way. The people replied to him just as they had before.
1 Samuel 17:31 When they heard what David said, they told Saul, and he called for him.
1 Samuel 17:32 David told Saul, "No one should be afraid; I will go and fight this Philistine."
1 Samuel 17:33 Saul told David, "You can't fight this Philistine; you're only a young boy, and he has been a warrior since he was young."
1 Samuel 17:34 David said to Saul, "I, your servant, was watching my father's sheep when a lion and a bear came and took a lamb from the group."
1 Samuel 17:35 I followed and struck him, saving the victim from his mouth. When he attacked me, I grabbed his beard, hit him, and killed him.
1 Samuel 17:36 I killed both the lion and the bear, and this Philistine who has insulted God's army will be like one of them.
1 Samuel 17:37 David also said, "God who saved me from the lion's paw and the bear's paw, will save me from this Philistine's hand." Saul told David, "Go, and may God be with you."
1 Samuel 17:38 Saul gave David his armor; he put a brass helmet on David’s head and a metal coat on him.
1 Samuel 17:39 David put on his sword over his armor and tried to walk, but he wasn't used to them. David told Saul, "I can't walk with these; I'm not used to them." So, David took them off.
1 Samuel 17:40 He took his staff, picked five smooth stones from the stream, placed them in his shepherd's pouch, carried his sling, and approached the Philistine.
1 Samuel 17:41 The Philistine advanced and came close to David, with the shield-bearer in front of him.
1 Samuel 17:42 When the Philistine looked and saw David, he looked down on him because he was just a young boy with a healthy, handsome face.
1 Samuel 17:43 The Philistine said to David, "Do you think I'm a dog that you come at me with sticks?" And the Philistine swore at David by his gods.
1 Samuel 17:44 The Philistine said to David, "Come here, and I will give your flesh to the birds of the sky and the animals of the land."
1 Samuel 17:45 David said to the Philistine, "You come to me with a sword, spear, and shield, but I come to you in the name of God, the God of Israel's armies, whom you have insulted."
1 Samuel 17:46 Today, God will let me defeat you. I will strike you down and cut off your head. Then I will give the dead bodies of the Philistine army to the birds and wild animals. And everyone on earth will know that there is a God in Israel.
1 Samuel 17:47 Everyone here will understand that God does not save by sword or spear, because the fight is God's, and he will let us capture you.
1 Samuel 17:48 When the Philistine got up, approached, and came close to David, David quickly ran towards the army to face the Philistine.
1 Samuel 17:49 David reached into his bag, took out a stone, threw it, and hit the Philistine in the forehead. The stone sank into his forehead, and he fell face down to the ground.
1 Samuel 17:50 David beat the Philistine with a sling and a stone, hitting and killing him, even though David had no sword in his hand.
1 Samuel 17:51 So David ran, stood over the Philistine, took his sword, pulled it out, killed him, and cut off his head. When the Philistines saw their hero was dead, they ran away.
1 Samuel 17:52 The men of Israel and Judah stood up, yelled, and chased the Philistines until they reached the valley and the gates of Ekron. The injured Philistines dropped along the road to Shaaraim, all the way to Gath and Ekron.
1 Samuel 17:53 The Israelites came back from chasing the Philistines and they took things from their tents.
1 Samuel 17:54 David took the Philistine's head to Jerusalem; he stored the armor in his tent.
1 Samuel 17:55 When Saul saw David go to fight the Philistine, he asked Abner, his army commander, "Abner, who is this young man’s father?" And Abner replied, "As sure as you live, king, I don't know."
1 Samuel 17:56 The king said, "Find out who the young man's father is."
1 Samuel 17:57 After David killed the Philistine, Abner brought him to Saul, holding the Philistine's head.
1 Samuel 17:58 Saul asked him, "Who is your father, young man?" And David replied, "I am the son of your servant Jesse from Bethlehem."

1 Samuel 18:1 When he finished talking to Saul, Jonathan felt very close to David and loved him as he loved himself.
1 Samuel 18:2 Saul kept him that day and didn't let him return to his father's house anymore.
1 Samuel 18:3 Jonathan and David made a promise, because Jonathan loved David as much as he loved himself.
1 Samuel 18:4 Jonathan took off his robe, gave it to David, along with his clothes, sword, bow, and belt.
1 Samuel 18:5 David went wherever Saul sent him and acted wisely. Saul put him in charge of the soldiers, and all the people and Saul's helpers liked him.
1 Samuel 18:6 When they arrived, as David came back from killing the Philistine, the women from all the Israeli cities came out to greet King Saul. They were singing, dancing, and playing tambourines and musical instruments with happiness.
1 Samuel 18:7 The women talked to each other as they celebrated and said, "Saul has killed thousands, and David has killed ten thousands."
1 Samuel 18:8 Saul was very angry because he didn't like what was said; he thought, "They credit David with tens of thousands, but me with only thousands. What else can he get but the kingdom?"
1 Samuel 18:9 From that day on, Saul watched David closely.
1 Samuel 18:10 The next day, an evil spirit from God came over Saul, and he started to prophesy in the house. David played his harp as he usually did, with Saul holding a spear in his hand.
1 Samuel 18:11 Saul threw the spear because he thought, "I will hit David and pin him to the wall." But David dodged it twice.
1 Samuel 18:12 Saul feared David because God was with David and had left Saul.
1 Samuel 18:13 So Saul sent him away and put him in charge of a thousand men; he led the people in their movements.
1 Samuel 18:14 David acted wisely in everything he did, and God was with him.
1 Samuel 18:15 So when Saul noticed that he acted very smartly, he became scared of him.
1 Samuel 18:16 All of Israel and Judah loved David because he led them and returned safely.
1 Samuel 18:17 Saul said to David, "Look at my older daughter Merab. I will let you marry her. Just be brave for me and fight God's battles." Saul thought, "I won't hurt him myself, but let the Philistines hurt him."
1 Samuel 18:18 David said to Saul, "Who am I, and what is my life or my father's family in Israel, that I should become the king's son-in-law?"
1 Samuel 18:19 At the time Merab, Saul's daughter, was supposed to marry David, she was married to Adriel the Meholathite instead.
1 Samuel 18:20 Michal, Saul's daughter, loved David; when Saul heard, it made him happy.
1 Samuel 18:21 Saul said, "I will let him marry her so she can trap him, and so the Philistines can fight him." So Saul told David, "Today you will become my son-in-law by marrying one of my daughters."
1 Samuel 18:22 Saul told his servants, "Talk to David in secret and say, 'Look, the king likes you, and all his servants love you. So now become the king's son-in-law.'"
1 Samuel 18:23 Saul's servants told David these things. David asked, "Do you think it's easy to become the king's son-in-law, when I am a poor and little-valued man?"
1 Samuel 18:24 Saul's servants told him, "David spoke in this way."
1 Samuel 18:25 Saul said, "Tell David this: The king doesn't want a dowry, just one hundred Philistine foreskins to get revenge on his enemies." But Saul planned to have the Philistines kill David.
1 Samuel 18:26 When his servants told David this, David was happy to become the king's son-in-law, and the time was not yet over.
1 Samuel 18:27 So David got up and took his men, and they killed two hundred Philistine men; David took their foreskins and presented the full number to the king, so he could become the king's son-in-law. Then Saul gave his daughter Michal to David as his wife.
1 Samuel 18:28 Saul saw and understood that God was with David, and that Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him.
1 Samuel 18:29 Saul became even more scared of David and remained his enemy all the time.
1 Samuel 18:30 The Philistine leaders went out, and after they did, David acted more wisely than all of Saul's servants, so his reputation grew greatly.

1 Samuel 19:1 Saul told his son Jonathan and all his servants to kill David.
1 Samuel 19:2 Jonathan, Saul's son, really liked David. Jonathan warned David, "Saul, my father, wants to kill you. So please be careful and stay hidden in a secret place until morning."
1 Samuel 19:3 I will go out and stand next to my father in the field where you are, and I will talk to my father about you; and what I see, I will tell you.
1 Samuel 19:4 Jonathan spoke well of David to his father Saul, and said to him, "The king should not do wrong to his servant David; he has not sinned against you, and his actions towards you have been very good."
1 Samuel 19:5 He risked his life, killed the Philistine, and God saved all Israel; you saw it and were happy. So why would you sin and kill innocent David for no reason?
1 Samuel 19:6 Saul listened to what Jonathan said, and Saul promised, saying, "As God lives, he will not be killed."
1 Samuel 19:7 Jonathan called David and showed him everything. Jonathan took David to Saul, and David was with Saul as before.
1 Samuel 19:8 War broke out again: David went and fought the Philistines, killed many, and they ran away from him.
1 Samuel 19:9 An evil spirit from God came upon Saul as he sat in his house with his spear in hand, while David played music.
1 Samuel 19:10 Saul tried to hit David with a spear, aiming to pin him to the wall, but David dodged and the spear stuck in the wall. Then David ran away and got away that night.
1 Samuel 19:11 Saul sent people to David's house to watch and kill him in the morning. David's wife Michal warned him, "If you don't escape tonight, you will be killed tomorrow."
1 Samuel 19:12 Michal helped David escape by lowering him from a window, and he ran away and got away.
1 Samuel 19:13 Michal took an idol, placed it in the bed, put a goat hair pillow under its head, and covered it with a cloth.
1 Samuel 19:14 When Saul sent people to capture David, she said, "He is sick."
1 Samuel 19:15 Saul sent his messengers to check on David again, telling them, "Bring him to me in his bed, so I can kill him."
1 Samuel 19:16 When the messengers entered, they found an idol in the bed with a goat hair pillow as its headrest.
1 Samuel 19:17 Saul asked Michal, "Why did you trick me and let my enemy go so he could escape?" Michal replied to Saul, "He told me, 'Let me go; why should I kill you?'"
1 Samuel 19:18 David ran away, escaped, and went to Samuel in Ramah to tell him everything Saul had done to him. Then David and Samuel stayed in Naioth.
1 Samuel 19:19 Someone told Saul, "Look, David is in Naioth at Ramah."
1 Samuel 19:20 Saul sent people to capture David, but when they saw a group of prophets speaking God's messages and Samuel leading them, God's Spirit came on Saul's messengers, and they started to speak God's messages too.
1 Samuel 19:21 When Saul heard, he sent more messengers, and they also spoke God's messages. Saul sent messengers a third time, and they spoke God's messages as well.
1 Samuel 19:22 He also went to Ramah and arrived at a big well in Sechu. He asked, "Where are Samuel and David?" Someone replied, "Look, they're at Naioth in Ramah."
1 Samuel 19:23 He went to Naioth in Ramah, and God's Spirit was also upon him. He continued to speak God's messages until he reached Naioth in Ramah.
1 Samuel 19:24 He also took off his clothes, and before Samuel, he acted like a prophet. He lay there without clothes all day and night. That's why people ask, "Is Saul also a prophet?"

1 Samuel 20:1 David ran away from Naioth in Ramah, went to Jonathan and asked, "What have I done? What is my wrong? Why does your father want to kill me?"
1 Samuel 20:2 He said to him, "God won't let it happen; you won't die. Look, my father won't do anything, big or small, without telling me. And why would my father keep this from me? It's not true."
1 Samuel 20:3 David promised again and said, "Your father knows well that you like me; and he says, 'Don't tell Jonathan, so he won't be sad.' But as surely as God lives, and as you are alive, I am only a step away from death."
1 Samuel 20:4 Jonathan said to David, "Whatever your heart wants, I will do it for you."
1 Samuel 20:5 David said to Jonathan, "Look, tomorrow is the new moon, and I'm expected to eat with the king. But let me go and hide in the field until the evening of the third day."
1 Samuel 20:6 If your father notices I'm gone, say, "David really needed to go to Bethlehem, his hometown, because there's an annual family sacrifice there."
1 Samuel 20:7 If he says all is well, your servant will be at peace; but if he's really angry, then know he's planning something bad.
1 Samuel 20:8 So you should treat your servant well, because you have made a promise to God with me. But if I've done something wrong, you should punish me yourself; why would you take me to your father?
1 Samuel 20:9 Jonathan said, "Don't think that! If I knew for sure that my father planned to harm you, wouldn't I tell you?"
1 Samuel 20:10 Then David asked Jonathan, "Who will let me know? Or what if your father speaks to you harshly?"
1 Samuel 20:11 Jonathan said to David, "Come on, let's go to the field." So both of them went to the field.
1 Samuel 20:12 Jonathan said to David, "God of Israel, when I talk to my father tomorrow or the day after, if he feels kindly toward David and I don't send you a message to let you know, then..."
1 Samuel 20:13 God will deal with Jonathan severely if he doesn't, but if my father intends to harm you, I will tell you and let you leave safely. May God be with you as He was with my father.
1 Samuel 20:14 While I am still alive, you must show me God's kindness, so I will not die.
1 Samuel 20:15 But you must not stop being kind to my family forever, not even when God has removed all David's enemies from the earth.
1 Samuel 20:16 Jonathan made a promise with David's family, saying, "Let God hold David's enemies responsible."
1 Samuel 20:17 Jonathan made David promise again, because he loved him as much as he loved himself.
1 Samuel 20:18 Jonathan said to David, "Tomorrow is the new moon, and you will be missed because your seat will be empty."
1 Samuel 20:19 After you've stayed for three days, go down fast and go to the place where you hid before, and stay near the stone Ezel.
1 Samuel 20:20 I will shoot three arrows to the side, as if I were aiming at a target.
1 Samuel 20:21 Look, I will send a boy, telling him, 'Go, look for the arrows.' If I say to the boy, 'Look, the arrows are near you, get them,' then you come back; it means you are safe and nothing is wrong; as God lives.
1 Samuel 20:22 If I tell the young man, 'The arrows are past you,' then leave, because God has sent you away.
1 Samuel 20:23 About the issue we talked about, remember, God will be between you and me forever.
1 Samuel 20:24 David hid in the field, and when the new moon arrived, the king sat down to eat.
1 Samuel 20:25 The king sat on his throne as usual, next to the wall. Jonathan stood up, and Abner sat next to Saul, but David's spot was empty.
1 Samuel 20:26 Saul said nothing that day because he thought, "Something has happened to him; he's not pure; surely he's not pure."
1 Samuel 20:27 The next day, the second day of the month, David's seat was empty. Saul asked his son Jonathan, "Why hasn't Jesse's son come to eat, neither yesterday nor today?"
1 Samuel 20:28 Jonathan replied to Saul, "David really asked for my permission to go to Bethlehem."
1 Samuel 20:29 He said, "Please let me go, because our family has a sacrifice in the city; my brother told me to come, and if you're okay with it, please let me go and see my brothers." That's why he didn't come to the king's table.
1 Samuel 20:30 Saul got angry at Jonathan and said to him, "You son of a stubborn and rebellious woman, don't I know you've picked Jesse's son to your own shame and to the shame of your mother?"
1 Samuel 20:31 As long as Jesse's son lives, you will not secure your position or your kingdom. So send for him now, because he must die.
1 Samuel 20:32 Jonathan answered his father Saul, "Why should he be killed? What did he do?"
1 Samuel 20:33 Saul threw a spear at him to hit him: by this Jonathan knew that his father had decided to kill David.
1 Samuel 20:34 Jonathan got up from the table very angry and didn't eat anything on the second day of the month because he was upset about David, since his father had embarrassed him.
1 Samuel 20:35 In the morning, Jonathan went to the field at the scheduled time with David and a young boy with him.
1 Samuel 20:36 He told his boy, "Run and find the arrows I shoot." While the boy was running, he shot an arrow past him.
1 Samuel 20:37 When the boy reached the place where Jonathan had shot the arrow, Jonathan called out to him, "Isn't the arrow farther than where you are?"
1 Samuel 20:38 Jonathan called out to the boy, "Hurry, run fast, don't stop." And Jonathan's boy picked up the arrows and went back to him.
1 Samuel 20:39 The boy didn't know anything; only Jonathan and David knew about it.
1 Samuel 20:40 Jonathan gave his weapons to his young servant and said to him, "Go, take them to the city."
1 Samuel 20:41 As soon as the boy left, David got up from the southern side, bowed down with his face to the ground three times, and they hugged and cried together until David was overwhelmed.
1 Samuel 20:42 Jonathan told David, "Go in peace, because we both promised in God's name, saying, 'God be between you and me, and between your descendants and my descendants forever.'" Then David left, and Jonathan went back to the city.

1 Samuel 21:1 David went to Nob to see Ahimelech the priest. Ahimelech was scared when he saw David and asked, "Why are you alone and no one is with you?"
1 Samuel 21:2 David told Ahimelech the priest, "The king has given me a task and told me, 'Don't let anyone know about the task I'm sending you on, or what I've instructed you to do.' I've told my men to meet at a certain place."
1 Samuel 21:3 What do you have to give me? Please give me five loaves of bread or whatever you have now.
1 Samuel 21:4 The priest replied to David, "I don't have any regular bread, only holy bread. The young men can have some if they have stayed away from women."
1 Samuel 21:5 David replied to the priest, "Honestly, we have not been near women for three days since I left. The young men's belongings are clean, and even though the bread is ordinary, it is like it was made holy today."
1 Samuel 21:6 So the priest gave him sacred bread because only the special bread was there, which had been removed from God's presence to be replaced with fresh bread on the day it was taken out.
1 Samuel 21:7 A man who worked for Saul was there that day, held in God's presence; his name was Doeg, an Edomite, and he was the top shepherd working for Saul.
1 Samuel 21:8 David asked Ahimelech, "Do you have a spear or sword here? I didn't bring mine because I had to hurry for the king's task."
1 Samuel 21:9 The priest said, "Here is Goliath's sword wrapped in cloth behind the vest. If you want it, take it, because it's the only one here." David replied, "There's none like it; give it to me."
1 Samuel 21:10 David got up and ran away that day because he was afraid of Saul, and he went to Achish, the king of Gath.
1 Samuel 21:11 Achish's servants asked him, "Isn't this David, the king of the country? Didn't people sing about him in their dances, saying, 'Saul has killed his thousands, and David his ten thousands'?"
1 Samuel 21:12 David remembered these words and was very afraid of Achish, the king of Gath.
1 Samuel 21:13 He acted differently around them, pretended to be crazy, scratched on the gate doors, and let drool run down his beard.
1 Samuel 21:14 Then Achish said to his servants, "Look, you see the man is crazy: so why did you bring him to me?"
1 Samuel 21:15 Do I need crazy people, that you bring this man to act crazy in front of me? Should this man enter my house?

1 Samuel 22:1 David left that place and went to the cave of Adullam. When his brothers and his father's family heard about it, they went down there to be with him.
1 Samuel 22:2 Everyone in trouble, in debt, or unhappy gathered around him, and he became their leader. About four hundred men were with him.
1 Samuel 22:3 David left and went to Mizpeh in Moab. He said to the king of Moab, "Please let my father and mother stay with you until I find out what God will do for me."
1 Samuel 22:4 He took them to the king of Moab, and they stayed with him as long as David was hiding.
1 Samuel 22:5 The prophet Gad told David, "Don't stay in the stronghold; leave and go to the land of Judah." So David left and went to the Hareth forest.
1 Samuel 22:6 When Saul found out that David and his men had been located (Saul was staying in Gibeah, sitting under a tree in Ramah, holding his spear, with all his servants standing around him),
1 Samuel 22:7 Saul said to his servants standing near him, "Listen, you from Benjamin’s tribe. Will Jesse’s son give each of you fields and vineyards, and make you leaders over thousands and hundreds?"
1 Samuel 22:8 You all have plotted against me, and no one told me that my son has allied with Jesse's son, and none of you feel sorry for me or informed me that my son has turned my servant against me, to ambush me as of today?
1 Samuel 22:9 Then Doeg the Edomite, who was in charge of Saul's servants, replied, "I saw Jesse's son going to Nob, to meet Ahimelech, Ahitub's son."
1 Samuel 22:10 He asked God for help for him, gave him food, and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine.
1 Samuel 22:11 The king sent for Ahimelech the priest, Ahitub's son, and all his family who were priests in Nob, and they all came to the king.
1 Samuel 22:12 Saul said, "Listen, you son of Ahitub." And he replied, "I'm here, my lord."
1 Samuel 22:13 Saul asked, "Why did you plot against me with Jesse's son by giving him bread, a sword, and asking God for help, so he could attack me as he does now?"
1 Samuel 22:14 Ahimelech replied to the king, "And who is as loyal among all your servants as David, who is the king's son-in-law, does as you ask, and is respected in your household?"
1 Samuel 22:15 Did I start to ask God for him? No way: let the king not blame me or my family for anything, because I didn't know anything about this at all.
1 Samuel 22:16 The king said, "You will definitely die, Ahimelech, you and your whole family."
1 Samuel 22:17 The king told his guards standing near him, "Turn and kill God's priests because they support David and knew when he escaped but did not tell me." But the king's servants would not raise their hands to attack God's priests.
1 Samuel 22:18 The king told Doeg, "Attack the priests." So Doeg the Edomite attacked the priests and killed eighty-five men wearing linen clothes.
1 Samuel 22:19 He attacked Nob, the city of the priests, and killed with his sword all the men, women, children, babies, cows, donkeys, and sheep.
1 Samuel 22:20 One of Ahimelech's sons, named Abiathar, got away and ran to join David.
1 Samuel 22:21 Abiathar told David that Saul had killed God's priests.
1 Samuel 22:22 David told Abiathar, "I knew that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, he would definitely tell Saul. I am responsible for the death of everyone in your father's family."
1 Samuel 22:23 Stay with me, don't be afraid: whoever wants to hurt me wants to hurt you too, but you'll be safe with me.

1 Samuel 23:1 They informed David, "Look, the Philistines are attacking Keilah and stealing from the grain floors."
1 Samuel 23:2 David asked God, "Should I go and attack these Philistines?" And God said to David, "Go, attack the Philistines, and save Keilah."
1 Samuel 23:3 David's men told him, "Look, we're scared here in Judah. How much more scared will we be if we go to Keilah to fight the Philistine armies?"
1 Samuel 23:4 David asked God again. And God replied to him, "Get up, go to Keilah; because I will give the Philistines to you."
1 Samuel 23:5 David and his men went to Keilah, fought the Philistines, took their cattle, and defeated them badly. David rescued the people of Keilah.
1 Samuel 23:6 When Abiathar, Ahimelech's son, ran away to David at Keilah, he brought an ephod with him.
1 Samuel 23:7 Someone told Saul that David had gone to Keilah. Saul said, "God has given him to me because he's trapped in a town with gates and bars."
1 Samuel 23:8 Saul gathered all the people to fight, to go to Keilah, to surround David and his men.
1 Samuel 23:9 David knew Saul was secretly planning to harm him; he told Abiathar the priest, "Bring the ephod here."
1 Samuel 23:10 Then David said, "God of Israel, your servant has surely heard that Saul plans to come to Keilah to destroy the city because of me."
1 Samuel 23:11 Will the people of Keilah give me to him? Will Saul come, as I have heard? God of Israel, please tell me. And God said, He will come.
1 Samuel 23:12 David asked, "Will the people of Keilah hand me and my men over to Saul?" And God answered, "They will hand you over."
1 Samuel 23:13 David and his six hundred men got up and left Keilah, going wherever they could. Saul was told that David had escaped from Keilah, so he stopped pursuing him.
1 Samuel 23:14 David stayed in the wilderness in secure places and was in a mountain in the Ziph wilderness. Saul looked for him every day, but God did not let Saul capture him.
1 Samuel 23:15 David knew Saul had come to take his life, and he was in the Ziph wilderness, hiding in the forest.
1 Samuel 23:16 Jonathan, Saul's son, got up and went to David in the forest, where he encouraged him to trust in God.
1 Samuel 23:17 He told him, "Don't be afraid: my father Saul will not catch you; you will be king of Israel, and I will be right by your side; and my father Saul knows this."
1 Samuel 23:18 They both made a promise before God; David stayed in the forest, and Jonathan went home.
1 Samuel 23:19 The people of Ziph went to Saul at Gibeah and said, "Isn't David hiding in our strongholds in the forest, on the hill of Hachilah, south of Jeshimon?"
1 Samuel 23:20 So now, O king, come down as you wish to come down; and it will be our job to hand him over to the king.
1 Samuel 23:21 Saul said, "God bless you; you have shown me kindness."
1 Samuel 23:22 Please go, get ready, find out exactly where he usually goes, and who has seen him there; because I hear he is very sneaky.
1 Samuel 23:23 Be aware and learn all the hiding spots where he hides, then return to me to confirm, and I will come with you. If he is in the country, I will search for him in all the areas of Judah.
1 Samuel 23:24 They got up and went to Ziph ahead of Saul; David and his men were in the Maon desert, on the south side of Jeshimon.
1 Samuel 23:25 Saul and his men went looking for him. They told David, so he went down to a rock and stayed in the Maon desert. When Saul found out, he chased David in the Maon desert.
1 Samuel 23:26 Saul was on one side of the mountain, David and his men on the other side. David quickly tried to escape because he was afraid of Saul. Saul and his men surrounded David and his men to capture them.
1 Samuel 23:27 A messenger came to Saul and said, "Hurry and come, because the Philistines have attacked the land."
1 Samuel 23:28 So Saul stopped chasing David and fought the Philistines instead. That's why they named that place "Rock of Escape."
1 Samuel 23:29 David left there and lived in the fortresses at Engedi.

1 Samuel 24:1 When Saul came back from chasing the Philistines, he heard, "Look, David is in the Engedi desert."
1 Samuel 24:2 Saul took three thousand picked men from all of Israel and went to look for David and his men on the cliffs where the wild goats live.
1 Samuel 24:3 He reached the sheep pens on the path, where there was a cave; Saul went inside to rest, and David with his men stayed further inside the cave.
1 Samuel 24:4 David's men said to him, "This is the day God told you about, saying, 'I will give your enemy to you, and you can do what you think is right.' " Then David quietly cut a piece from Saul's robe.
1 Samuel 24:5 Later, David felt guilty because he had cut a piece of Saul's robe.
1 Samuel 24:6 He told his men, "God won't let me do this to my master, God's chosen one, by harming him because he is chosen by God."
1 Samuel 24:7 David stopped his men with his words and did not let them attack Saul. But Saul left the cave and continued his journey.
1 Samuel 24:8 David got up later, left the cave, and called out to Saul, "My king." When Saul turned around, David bowed down with his face to the ground.
1 Samuel 24:9 David said to Saul, "Why do you listen to people who say, 'Look, David wants to harm you'?"
1 Samuel 24:10 Look, today your eyes saw that God has given you into my hands in the cave. Some urged me to kill you, but I spared you, saying I won't harm my master because he is God's chosen one.
1 Samuel 24:11 Also, my father, look, yes, look at the piece of your robe in my hand: because I cut the piece of your robe and did not kill you, understand and see that I have no bad intentions or guilt in my actions, and I have not done wrong against you; but still you chase after me to take my life.
1 Samuel 24:12 God will judge between you and me, and God will take revenge for me on you, but I will not harm you.
1 Samuel 24:13 An old saying goes, evil comes from the evil, but I will not hurt you.
1 Samuel 24:14 Who is the king of Israel chasing? Who are you after? Just a dead dog, a flea.
1 Samuel 24:15 So let God be the judge. Let God decide between you and me. Let God look at this, stand up for me, and save me from your power.
1 Samuel 24:16 After David finished speaking to Saul, Saul asked, "Is that your voice, my son David?" Then Saul cried out loud with tears.
1 Samuel 24:17 He told David, "You are better than me because you have done good to me, even though I have done bad to you."
1 Samuel 24:18 Today you showed how you have been good to me; because when God gave me to you, you did not kill me.
1 Samuel 24:19 If someone finds their enemy, would they let them go safely? So, may God reward you well for what you did for me today.
1 Samuel 24:20 And now, I know you will definitely become king, and that you will firmly hold the kingdom of Israel.
1 Samuel 24:21 Promise me now, by God, that you will not end my family line after I am gone, and that you will not erase my name from my father's house.
1 Samuel 24:22 And David promised Saul. Then Saul went home while David and his men went to the fortress.

1 Samuel 25:1 Samuel died; all the people of Israel met, mourned him, and buried him at his home in Ramah. Then David left and went to the Paran wilderness.
1 Samuel 25:2 In Maon, there was a man with a lot of property in Carmel. He was very rich, with three thousand sheep and one thousand goats, and he was cutting the wool off his sheep in Carmel.
1 Samuel 25:3 The man's name was Nabal, and his wife was named Abigail. She was smart and very beautiful, but Nabal was rude and did bad things. He came from Caleb's family.
1 Samuel 25:4 David learned in the desert that Nabal was shearing his sheep.
1 Samuel 25:5 David sent ten young men and told them, "Go to Carmel, visit Nabal, and say hello to him for me."
1 Samuel 25:6 You should tell the person who is doing well, "I wish you peace, and peace to your home, and peace to everything you own."
1 Samuel 25:7 I've heard you're shearing sheep. Your shepherds stayed with us, and we didn't harm them. Nothing was stolen from them the whole time they were in Carmel.
1 Samuel 25:8 Ask your young men, and they will tell you. So please, let your young men be treated well, because we have come on a good day. Please give whatever you can to your servants and to your son David.
1 Samuel 25:9 When David's men arrived, they told Nabal everything David had said and then stopped talking.
1 Samuel 25:10 Nabal replied to David's servants, "Who is David? Who is Jesse's son? Many servants run away from their masters these days."
1 Samuel 25:11 Should I give my bread, water, and meat that I prepared for my shearers to men when I don't know where they come from?
1 Samuel 25:12 David's young men turned back, went to him, and told him everything that was said.
1 Samuel 25:13 David told his men, "Put on your swords." They all put on their swords, and David put on his too. About four hundred men followed David, while two hundred stayed with their belongings.
1 Samuel 25:14 One of the young men informed Abigail, Nabal's wife, "Look, David sent messengers from the desert to greet our master, but he insulted them."
1 Samuel 25:15 The men were very kind to us, and we were not harmed, nor did we lose anything, while we were with them in the fields.
1 Samuel 25:16 They protected us day and night the whole time we were with them tending the sheep.
1 Samuel 25:17 Now, understand and think about what you will do; for harm is planned against our master and all his family. He is so wicked that no one can talk to him.
1 Samuel 25:18 Abigail quickly took 200 loaves, two bottles of wine, five cooked sheep, five servings of roasted grain, 100 bunches of raisins, and 200 fig cakes, and put them on donkeys.
1 Samuel 25:19 She said to her servants, "Go ahead of me; I'll follow you." But she didn't tell her husband Nabal.
1 Samuel 25:20 As she traveled on the donkey, she passed by the hill's hidden part, and there was David with his men coming toward her; and she met them.
1 Samuel 25:21 David thought, "I protected this man's property in the wilderness for nothing; nothing of his was lost, and yet he has repaid me with harm instead of good."
1 Samuel 25:22 God do the same and more to David's enemies if by morning I leave alive any males.
1 Samuel 25:23 When Abigail saw David, she hurried, got off the donkey, fell in front of David with her face to the ground, and bowed down.
1 Samuel 25:24 She fell at his feet and said, "Let the blame be on me, my lord, let the blame be on me. Please let me, your servant, speak to you, and listen to what I have to say."
1 Samuel 25:25 Please, do not pay attention to this worthless man, Nabal, for he is just like his name suggests: a fool. I, your servant, did not see the men you sent.
1 Samuel 25:26 So now, my lord, since God is alive and your life is safe because God kept you from killing and taking revenge yourself, may your enemies and those who want to harm you become like Nabal.
1 Samuel 25:27 This gift that I, your servant, have brought, let it be given to the young men who follow you.
1 Samuel 25:28 Please forgive your servant's mistake. God will surely give you a lasting home because you fight God's battles, and you've done no wrong throughout your life.
1 Samuel 25:29 A man has come to chase you and wants to take your life, but my lord's life is safe with God, like in a protected bundle; and God will throw your enemies' lives away, like stones from a sling.
1 Samuel 25:30 When God does all the good things he promised you and makes you the leader of Israel;
1 Samuel 25:31 This will not upset you or trouble your heart, if you have killed without reason or taken revenge. But when God is good to you, please remember me.
1 Samuel 25:32 David said to Abigail, "God of Israel is blessed for sending you to meet me today."
1 Samuel 25:33 May your advice be blessed, and may you be blessed for stopping me today from killing and taking revenge by my own hand.
1 Samuel 25:34 Truly, as the God of Israel lives, who stopped me from harming you, if you had not hurried to meet me, by morning, no male in Nabal's household would have survived.
1 Samuel 25:35 David took what she gave him and said to her, "Go home in peace. I have listened to what you said and I accept you."
1 Samuel 25:36 Abigail went to Nabal and saw he was having a big feast in his house like a king. Nabal was happy and very drunk, so she said nothing to him until morning.
1 Samuel 25:37 In the morning, when Nabal was sober and his wife told him what happened, his heart stopped and he became like a stone.
1 Samuel 25:38 About ten days later, God punished Nabal and he died.
1 Samuel 25:39 When David learned Nabal had died, he said, "Praise God, who defended me against Nabal's insults and kept me from doing wrong. God made Nabal's evil come back on him." Then David sent a message to Abigail, asking her to be his wife.
1 Samuel 25:40 When David's servants arrived at Carmel and met Abigail, they told her, "David sent us to bring you to him so you can become his wife."
1 Samuel 25:41 She stood up, bowed down to the ground, and said, "Please, let me be your servant to wash your servants' feet."
1 Samuel 25:42 Abigail hurried, got up, and rode on a donkey, with five of her young women following her. She followed David's messengers and became his wife.
1 Samuel 25:43 David also married Ahinoam from Jezreel, and she became one of his wives too.
1 Samuel 25:44 Saul gave his daughter Michal, David's wife, to Phalti, Laish's son, from Gallim.

1 Samuel 26:1 The Ziphites went to Saul in Gibeah and said, "Isn't David hiding on Hachilah hill, which is near Jeshimon?"
1 Samuel 26:2 Then Saul got up and went to the Ziph desert with three thousand selected Israeli men to look for David in the Ziph desert.
1 Samuel 26:3 Saul camped on Hachilah hill, near Jeshimon. David stayed in the wilderness and knew Saul was following him there.
1 Samuel 26:4 David sent spies and found out that Saul had truly arrived.
1 Samuel 26:5 David got up and went to where Saul was camped. He saw where Saul and Abner, son of Ner and leader of Saul's army, were sleeping. Saul was in a circle trench, and his troops were camped around him.
1 Samuel 26:6 David spoke to Ahimelech the Hittite and Abishai, Zeruiah's son and Joab's brother, "Who will come with me to see Saul in the camp?" Abishai replied, "I will go with you."
1 Samuel 26:7 David and Abishai went to the people at night, and saw Saul sleeping in the trench with his spear in the ground by his head, while Abner and the people slept around him.
1 Samuel 26:8 Abishai told David, "Today God has given your enemy to you. Please let me strike him with my spear to the ground in one shot, and I won't need to hit him again."
1 Samuel 26:9 David said to Abishai, "Don't kill him. Who can attack God's chosen one and be innocent?"
1 Samuel 26:10 David also said, "As God lives, God will strike him down, or his time will come to die, or he will go into battle and die."
1 Samuel 26:11 God won't let me harm his chosen one; please take the spear and the water jug near his head, and let's leave.
1 Samuel 26:12 David took the spear and the jug of water from near Saul's head; they left without anyone seeing or knowing, since everyone was asleep because God had made them fall into a deep sleep.
1 Samuel 26:13 David crossed over and stood on top of a distant hill with a wide space between them.
1 Samuel 26:14 David called out to the people and to Abner, son of Ner, saying, "Aren't you going to answer, Abner?" Abner replied, "Who are you, shouting to the king?"
1 Samuel 26:15 David said to Abner, "Aren't you a brave man? Who in Israel is like you? So why didn't you protect the king? Someone from the people came to kill the king."
1 Samuel 26:16 What you did is not good. As God lives, you should die because you didn't protect your master, God's chosen one. Now, look for the king's spear and the jug of water that was near his head.
1 Samuel 26:17 Saul recognized David's voice and asked, "Is that your voice, my son David?" David answered, "Yes, it's my voice, my lord, O king."
1 Samuel 26:18 He asked, "Why does my master chase his servant? What did I do? What wrong is in my hand?"
1 Samuel 26:19 So now, I ask you, let the king listen to his servant. If God has made you angry with me, let Him take a gift. But if people have done it, let God curse them, because they have forced me away today from God's land, telling me, 'Go worship other gods.'
1 Samuel 26:20 So now, don't let my blood spill on the ground in front of God. The king of Israel has come out to chase after me as if I'm just a flea, like someone hunting a bird in the hills.
1 Samuel 26:21 Saul said, "I have sinned. Come back, David my son. I won't hurt you anymore because you valued my life today. I see now that I have been very foolish and made a big mistake."
1 Samuel 26:22 David replied, "Look, here is the king's spear! Let one of the young men come and get it."
1 Samuel 26:23 God rewards everyone for their goodness and loyalty; although God gave you into my power today, I did not want to harm God's chosen one.
1 Samuel 26:24 Look, just as your life was very valuable to me today, so may my life be valuable in God's sight, and may He rescue me from all troubles.
1 Samuel 26:25 Saul said to David, "God bless you, my son David. You will do great things and succeed." Then David left and Saul went back to his home.

1 Samuel 27:1 David thought to himself, "I will one day die by Saul's hand. The best thing I can do is quickly run away to the Philistine territory; then Saul will give up looking for me in Israel, and I will be safe from him."
1 Samuel 27:2 David got up and went with his six hundred men to Achish, son of Maoch, the king of Gath.
1 Samuel 27:3 David lived with Achish in Gath, along with his men and their families, including David's two wives, Ahinoam from Jezreel and Abigail, who was Nabal's widow, from Carmel.
1 Samuel 27:4 Saul heard that David had escaped to Gath, so he stopped searching for him.
1 Samuel 27:5 David said to Achish, "If you now favor me, please give me a place in one of the country towns where I can live. Why should I, your servant, live in the capital city with you?"
1 Samuel 27:6 That day, Achish gave him Ziklag, so Ziklag belongs to the kings of Judah to this day.
1 Samuel 27:7 David lived in the land of the Philistines for one year and four months.
1 Samuel 27:8 David and his men went up and attacked the Geshurites, the Gezrites, and the Amalekites, because these people had lived in the area from Shur to Egypt since ancient times.
1 Samuel 27:9 David attacked the land, killed everyone, took the sheep, cows, donkeys, camels, and clothes, then went back to Achish.
1 Samuel 27:10 Achish asked, "Where did you go today?" David answered, "To the southern part of Judah, the southern area of the Jerahmeelites, and the southern territory of the Kenites."
1 Samuel 27:11 David did not let any man or woman live to go and report in Gath, thinking, "They might inform against us, saying, 'This is what David does, and this will be his way as long as he stays in the land of the Philistines.'"
1 Samuel 27:12 Achish trusted David, thinking, "He has made his people Israel completely hate him; so he will be my servant forever."

1 Samuel 28:1 During that time, the Philistines prepared their armies for war to battle Israel. Achish told David, be certain that you and your men will join me in the fight.
1 Samuel 28:2 David said to Achish, "You will see what I can do." And Achish said to David, "So I will make you my bodyguard forever."
1 Samuel 28:3 Samuel had died, all Israel mourned for him, and they buried him in his hometown of Ramah. Saul had also removed all the mediums and fortune-tellers from the land.
1 Samuel 28:4 The Philistines came together and camped in Shunem. Saul brought all of Israel together, and they camped in Gilboa.
1 Samuel 28:5 When Saul saw the Philistine army, he was scared, and his heart shook a lot.
1 Samuel 28:6 When Saul asked God, God did not answer him, not in dreams, not with Urim, and not through prophets.
1 Samuel 28:7 Saul said to his servants, "Find me a woman who can speak with spirits, so I can go to her and ask for her help." His servants told him, "There is a woman who can speak with spirits in Endor."
1 Samuel 28:8 Saul changed his clothes to hide who he was, and took two men with him. They went at night to a woman, and Saul asked her, "Please use your spirit to tell me the future, and call up the person I ask for."
1 Samuel 28:9 The woman said to him, "Look, you know what Saul did; he got rid of the people who talk to spirits and the wizards from the land. So why are you setting a trap for my life, to make me die?"
1 Samuel 28:10 Saul promised her by God, saying, "As God lives, you will not be punished for this."
1 Samuel 28:11 The woman asked, "Who should I call for you?" He replied, "Call Samuel for me."
1 Samuel 28:12 When the woman saw Samuel, she shouted loudly and said to Saul, "Why did you trick me? You are Saul."
1 Samuel 28:13 The king told her, "Don't be scared. What did you see?" The woman said to Saul, "I saw spirits coming up from the ground."
1 Samuel 28:14 He asked her, "What does he look like?" She answered, "An old man is coming up, wearing a cloak." Then Saul knew it was Samuel, and he bowed down with his face to the ground.
1 Samuel 28:15 Samuel asked Saul, "Why have you disturbed me by bringing me back?" Saul replied, "I am deeply troubled because the Philistines are fighting me, and God has left me. He doesn't answer me anymore, not through prophets, nor in dreams. So, I've called you to tell me what to do."
1 Samuel 28:16 Then Samuel asked, "Why do you ask me when God has left you and become your enemy?"
1 Samuel 28:17 God did what he said through me: God has taken the kingdom from you and given it to your neighbor, David.
1 Samuel 28:18 Because you did not listen to God's voice or carry out his strong anger against Amalek, God has done this to you today.
1 Samuel 28:19 God will also let Israel fall to the Philistines along with you: tomorrow you and your sons will join me: God will also let the army of Israel fall to the Philistines.
1 Samuel 28:20 Saul immediately fell to the ground, very afraid because of Samuel's words. He had no strength because he had not eaten any food all day or night.
1 Samuel 28:21 The woman approached Saul, noticed he was very troubled, and told him, "Look, I, your servant, have followed your instructions. I risked my life and listened to what you told me."
1 Samuel 28:22 So now, please listen to me, your servant, and let me give you some food. Eat it and gain strength for your journey.
1 Samuel 28:23 He refused, saying, "I won't eat." But his servants and the woman insisted until he listened. Then he got up from the ground and sat on the bed.
1 Samuel 28:24 The woman had a healthy calf at home; she quickly slaughtered it, took flour, made dough, and baked bread without yeast from it.
1 Samuel 28:25 She gave it to Saul and his attendants; they ate, then got up and left that night.

1 Samuel 29:1 The Philistines brought all their armies together at Aphek, while the Israelites set up camp by a spring in Jezreel.
1 Samuel 29:2 The leaders of the Philistines marched by hundreds and by thousands, while David and his men were at the back with Achish.
1 Samuel 29:3 The Philistine leaders asked, "Why are these Hebrews here?" Achish replied to the Philistine leaders, "Isn't this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, who has been with me for some time now, and I have found nothing wrong with him up to today?"
1 Samuel 29:4 The Philistine leaders were angry with him and said, "Send this man back to the place you assigned him. He shouldn't fight with us, or he might turn against us during the battle. How could he win back his master's favor if not by taking the heads of our soldiers?"
1 Samuel 29:5 Isn't this David, the one they celebrated in dances, saying, Saul killed thousands, but David killed tens of thousands?
1 Samuel 29:6 Then Achish spoke to David and said, "As surely as God lives, you have been honest, and your actions with me in the army have been good; I've seen nothing bad in you from when you first came to me until now. But the rulers don't like you.
1 Samuel 29:7 So now, go back and leave in peace, so you don't upset the Philistine leaders.
1 Samuel 29:8 David asked Achish, "What have I done wrong? What fault have you found in me, after all the time I've been with you, that I can't go and fight the king's enemies?"
1 Samuel 29:9 Achish replied to David, "I know you are as good as an angel of God to me. But the Philistine leaders have said, 'He cannot join us in the fight.'"
1 Samuel 29:10 So get up early in the morning with your master's servants who are with you. Once it's early and light, go on your way.
1 Samuel 29:11 David and his men got up early in the morning to leave and go back to the land of the Philistines. The Philistines went to Jezreel.

1 Samuel 30:1 When David and his men arrived at Ziklag on the third day, they found that the Amalekites had attacked the south and Ziklag, defeating Ziklag and setting it on fire.
1 Samuel 30:2 They captured the women there without killing anyone, big or small, and took them away before continuing on their journey.
1 Samuel 30:3 David and his men arrived at the city and saw it was burned down; their wives, sons, and daughters had been kidnapped.
1 Samuel 30:4 David and his followers raised their voices, cried until they could cry no more.
1 Samuel 30:5 David's two wives, Ahinoam from Jezreel and Abigail, Nabal's widow from Carmel, were kidnapped.
1 Samuel 30:6 David was very upset because the people talked about throwing stones at him, since they were all sad about their sons and daughters. But David found strength in God.
1 Samuel 30:7 David said to Abiathar the priest, son of Ahimelech, "Please bring me the ephod." And Abiathar brought the ephod to David.
1 Samuel 30:8 David asked God, "Should I chase this group? Will I catch them?" God replied, "Chase them. You will definitely catch them and get everything back."
1 Samuel 30:9 David and his six hundred men went and reached the Besor brook, where those left behind stayed.
1 Samuel 30:10 David and four hundred men chased after them, while two hundred men stayed back because they were too weak to cross Besor Creek.
1 Samuel 30:11 They found an Egyptian in the field, took him to David, and gave him bread to eat; they also gave him water to drink.
1 Samuel 30:12 They gave him some fig cake and two bunches of raisins. After he ate, he felt better because he hadn't eaten any bread or drunk any water for three days and nights.
1 Samuel 30:13 David asked him, "Who are you and where do you come from?" He answered, "I am a young Egyptian, the servant of an Amalekite. My master abandoned me because I got sick three days ago."
1 Samuel 30:14 We attacked the southern Cherethites, the lands of Judah, and Caleb's southern area; and we set fire to Ziklag.
1 Samuel 30:15 David asked him, "Can you lead me to this group?" He replied, "Promise me by God that you won't kill me or hand me over to my master, and I will lead you to them."
1 Samuel 30:16 When he brought him down, they were scattered everywhere on the ground, eating, drinking, and dancing, happy about all the valuable things they had taken from the Philistine and Judah territories.
1 Samuel 30:17 David attacked them from dusk until the evening of the next day; none of them survived except four hundred young men who rode on camels and ran away.
1 Samuel 30:18 David got back everything the Amalekites had taken, and he saved his two wives.
1 Samuel 30:19 They were missing nothing at all, whether big or small, sons or daughters, plunder, or anything they had taken: David got everything back.
1 Samuel 30:20 David took all the sheep and cows, which they led in front of the other animals, and said, "This is what David has captured."
1 Samuel 30:21 David approached the two hundred men who were too weak to follow him and had stayed at Besor Creek. They came out to greet David and his companions. When David got close, he greeted them.
1 Samuel 30:22 The bad men with David replied, "Since they didn't come with us, we won't share the loot we got back, except give each one his wife and kids so they can take them and leave."
1 Samuel 30:23 David said, "My brothers, we must not do this with what God has given us. He has kept us safe and handed over the enemy that attacked us."
1 Samuel 30:24 Who will listen to you about this? Just as the one who fights gets a share, so does the one who stays with the supplies: they will share equally.
1 Samuel 30:25 From that day on, God set it as a rule and law for Israel, and it's still followed today.
1 Samuel 30:26 When David arrived in Ziklag, he sent some of the captured goods to the leaders of Judah, to his friends, with the message, "Here is a gift for you from the goods taken from God's enemies."
1 Samuel 30:27 To those in Bethel, those in south Ramoth, and those in Jattir,
1 Samuel 30:28 To those in Aroer, and to those in Siphmoth, and to those in Eshtemoa,
1 Samuel 30:29 To those in Rachal, those in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and those in the cities of the Kenites,
1 Samuel 30:30 To those in Hormah, to those in Chorashan, and to those in Athach,
1 Samuel 30:31 To those in Hebron and all the places where David and his men used to visit.

1 Samuel 31:1 The Philistines battled Israel: the Israelites ran from the Philistines and many were killed on Mount Gilboa.
1 Samuel 31:2 The Philistines chased Saul and his sons closely; they killed Jonathan, Abinadab, and Melchishua, Saul's sons.
1 Samuel 31:3 The fight was very bad for Saul, and archers shot him; he was badly hurt by the archers.
1 Samuel 31:4 Saul said to his helper, "Pull out your sword and stab me with it; otherwise these enemies will come and kill me and treat me badly." But his helper wouldn't do it because he was very scared. So Saul took a sword and killed himself with it.
1 Samuel 31:5 When his helper saw Saul was dead, he too fell on his sword and died with him.
1 Samuel 31:6 Saul died, along with his three sons, his armor bearer, and all his men, on the same day.
1 Samuel 31:7 When the Israelites across the valley and the Jordan River saw that the Israelites were running away and that Saul and his sons had died, they left their towns and ran away; then the Philistines moved in and lived there.
1 Samuel 31:8 The next day, when the Philistines came to take things from the dead bodies, they found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
1 Samuel 31:9 They cut off his head, took his armor, and sent them throughout the land of the Philistines to show them at the temples of their gods and to the people.
1 Samuel 31:10 They placed his armor in the temple of Ashtaroth and hung his body on the wall of Bethshan.
1 Samuel 31:11 When the people of Jabeshgilead heard what the Philistines did to Saul;
1 Samuel 31:12 All the brave men got up, traveled all night, took Saul's body and his sons' bodies from the Bethshan wall, and went to Jabesh where they burned them.
1 Samuel 31:13 They collected their bones, buried them under a tree at Jabesh, and did not eat for seven days.

2 Samuel 1:1 After Saul died and David came back from defeating the Amalekites, David stayed in Ziklag for two days.
2 Samuel 1:2 On the third day, a man left Saul's camp with torn clothes and dirt on his head. When he reached David, he fell to the ground to show respect.
2 Samuel 1:3 David asked him, "Where did you come from?" He replied, "I escaped from the Israelite camp."
2 Samuel 1:4 David asked him, "What happened? Please tell me." He replied, "The soldiers ran away from the fight, many are dead or dying; and Saul with his son Jonathan are both dead too."
2 Samuel 1:5 David asked the young man who told him, "How do you know that Saul and Jonathan his son are dead?"
2 Samuel 1:6 The young man who told me said, "I was at Mount Gilboa by chance, and there was Saul leaning on his spear; the chariots and riders were close behind him."
2 Samuel 1:7 When he looked back, he saw me and called to me. I answered, "I'm here."
2 Samuel 1:8 He asked me, "Who are you?" And I replied, "I am an Amalekite."
2 Samuel 1:9 He said to me again, "Please stand on me and kill me, because I'm in great pain and still alive."
2 Samuel 1:10 I stood over him and killed him because I knew he couldn't survive after he fell. I took the crown from his head and the bracelet from his arm, and I brought them here to my lord.
2 Samuel 1:11 Then David grabbed his clothes and tore them; and all the men with him did the same.
2 Samuel 1:12 They were sad, cried, and didn't eat until evening for Saul, for his son Jonathan, for God's people, and for Israel, because they had died in battle.
2 Samuel 1:13 David asked the man who brought him news, "Where are you from?" He replied, "I am the son of a foreigner, an Amalekite."
2 Samuel 1:14 And David asked him, "Weren't you scared to raise your hand to kill God's chosen one?"
2 Samuel 1:15 David called a young man and said, "Go close and attack him." So he struck him, and he died.
2 Samuel 1:16 David said to him, "You are responsible for your own death; your own words have condemned you, saying, 'I killed God's chosen one.'"
2 Samuel 1:17 David mourned for Saul and his son Jonathan with this sad song:
2 Samuel 1:18 He also told them to teach the children of Judah how to use the bow; see, it is written in the book of Jasher.
2 Samuel 1:19 Israel's beauty is killed on your hills: how the strong have fallen!
2 Samuel 1:20 Don't talk about it in Gath, don't announce it in Askelon's streets; so the Philistine girls won't be happy, so the girls of those not circumcised won't celebrate.
2 Samuel 1:21 Mountains of Gilboa, may you have no dew or rain, or fields for harvests, because there the strong's shield was thrown away without care, Saul's shield, as if he was never anointed with oil.
2 Samuel 1:22 Jonathan's bow did not turn away from the blood of the dead, and the strong ones' fat, and Saul's sword did not come back without success.
2 Samuel 1:23 Saul and Jonathan were kind and nice while they lived, and even in death, they stayed together. They were faster than eagles and stronger than lions.
2 Samuel 1:24 Women of Israel, cry for Saul, who dressed you in red with beautiful things, who added gold jewelry to your clothes.
2 Samuel 1:25 The strong have fallen in battle! Oh Jonathan, you were killed on the heights.
2 Samuel 1:26 I am sad for you, my brother Jonathan: you were very kind to me: your love for me was amazing, more than the love of women.
2 Samuel 1:27 The strong have fallen, and the tools of battle are gone!

2 Samuel 2:1 After this, David asked God, "Should I go to one of Judah's cities?" And God told him, "Go." Then David asked, "Which city should I go to?" And God answered, "To Hebron."
2 Samuel 2:2 David went up there with his two wives, Ahinoam from Jezreel and Abigail, who was Nabal's wife from Carmel.
2 Samuel 2:3 David took his soldiers and their families to live in the towns near Hebron.
2 Samuel 2:4 The men of Judah came and made David king over Judah. They told David that the men of Jabesh Gilead buried Saul.
2 Samuel 2:5 David sent messengers to the men of Jabeshgilead and said to them, "God bless you for being so kind to your leader Saul by burying him."
2 Samuel 2:6 Now God show you kindness and honesty, and I will also repay you for this kindness because you have done this.
2 Samuel 2:7 So now, make your hands strong and be brave, because your leader Saul has died, and the people of Judah have made me their king.
2 Samuel 2:8 Abner, Ner's son and leader of Saul's army, took Ishbosheth, Saul's son, to Mahanaim.
2 Samuel 2:9 They made him king over Gilead, the Ashurites, Jezreel, Ephraim, Benjamin, and all of Israel.
2 Samuel 2:10 Ishbosheth, Saul's son, was forty when he started to rule over Israel and ruled for two years. The people of Judah supported David.
2 Samuel 2:11 David ruled as king in Hebron over Judah for seven years and six months.
2 Samuel 2:12 Abner, Ner's son, and Ishbosheth's servants, Saul's son, left Mahanaim for Gibeon.
2 Samuel 2:13 Joab, Zeruiah's son, and David's servants left and met by the pool of Gibeon. They sat down, one group on one side of the pool and the other group on the opposite side.
2 Samuel 2:14 Abner said to Joab, "Let the young men get up and show their skills in front of us." Joab replied, "Let them get up."
2 Samuel 2:15 Then twelve men from Benjamin who were with Ishbosheth, Saul's son, stood up and crossed over, along with twelve of David's servants.
2 Samuel 2:16 They each grabbed their companion by the head and stuck their sword into the other's side, and they fell down together. Therefore, that place was named Field of Swords, in Gibeon.
2 Samuel 2:17 There was a very tough fight that day; and Abner and the Israelites were defeated by David's men.
2 Samuel 2:18 Zeruiah had three sons there: Joab, Abishai, and Asahel. Asahel could run as fast as a wild deer.
2 Samuel 2:19 Asahel chased Abner without turning either right or left from following him.
2 Samuel 2:20 Then Abner turned around and asked, "Are you Asahel?" And he replied, "Yes, I am."
2 Samuel 2:21 Abner told him, "Move to your right or left, grab one of the soldiers, and take his armor." But Asahel wouldn't stop chasing him.
2 Samuel 2:22 Abner said to Asahel again, "Stop following me. Why should I hit you and knock you down? How could I then face your brother Joab?"
2 Samuel 2:23 Even though he wouldn't move aside, Abner hit him with the back end of the spear below his chest, so the spear went through him; he collapsed there and died. Everyone who arrived where Asahel had fallen and died stopped in their tracks.
2 Samuel 2:24 Joab and Abishai chased after Abner, and the sun set as they reached the hill of Ammah, near Giah on the road through the desert of Gibeon.
2 Samuel 2:25 The descendants of Benjamin joined together behind Abner, forming one group, and stood on a hilltop.
2 Samuel 2:26 Then Abner called out to Joab, "Can't you see that endless fighting will only bring bitterness in the end? How long will it be before you order your men to stop chasing their own brothers?"
2 Samuel 2:27 Joab said, "As sure as God lives, if you hadn't spoken, by morning the people would have all stopped following their leader."
2 Samuel 2:28 Joab sounded a trumpet, and everyone stopped, no longer chasing Israel or fighting.
2 Samuel 2:29 Abner and his men walked all night across the plain, crossed the Jordan River, traveled through Bithron, and arrived at Mahanaim.
2 Samuel 2:30 Joab stopped chasing Abner. When he brought all the people together, David's servants were missing nineteen men, including Asahel.
2 Samuel 2:31 David's men defeated the Benjamin tribe and Abner's soldiers, so 360 men died.
2 Samuel 2:32 They carried Asahel and buried him in his father's tomb in Bethlehem. Joab and his men traveled all night and arrived at Hebron at dawn.

2 Samuel 3:1 There was a long war between Saul's family and David's family: but David's family became stronger and stronger, while Saul's family became weaker and weaker.
2 Samuel 3:2 David had sons in Hebron. His first son was Amnon, whose mother was Ahinoam from Jezreel.
2 Samuel 3:3 David's second son was Chileab, with his wife Abigail who was Nabal the Carmelite's widow, and the third son was Absalom, whose mother was Maacah, the daughter of Talmai, the king of Geshur.
2 Samuel 3:4 The fourth was Adonijah, Haggith's son; the fifth was Shephatiah, Abital's son.
2 Samuel 3:5 David's sixth son, Ithream, was born from his wife Eglah while they were in Hebron.
2 Samuel 3:6 During the war between Saul's family and David's family, Abner became a strong leader for Saul's family.
2 Samuel 3:7 Saul had a partner named Rizpah, Aiah's daughter. Ishbosheth asked Abner, "Why did you sleep with my father's partner?"
2 Samuel 3:8 Abner was very angry because of Ishbosheth's words and said, "Am I worth nothing, who has been loyal to Saul your father's family, his brothers, and his friends today, and haven't handed you over to David, yet you blame me today for a problem with this woman?"
2 Samuel 3:9 May God do to Abner, and even more, unless I do to him as God has promised to David.
2 Samuel 3:10 To move the kingdom from Saul's family and to establish David's rule over Israel and Judah, from Dan to Beersheba.
2 Samuel 3:11 He could not reply to Abner at all, because he was afraid of him.
2 Samuel 3:12 Abner sent people to David to speak for him, asking, "Who owns the land?" He also said, "Make a deal with me, and I will support you to unite all of Israel under you."
2 Samuel 3:13 He said, "Okay, I will make an agreement with you. But I demand one thing: you cannot see me unless you bring Michal, Saul's daughter, when you come to see me."
2 Samuel 3:14 David sent messengers to Ishbosheth, Saul's son, saying, "Give me my wife Michal, whom I married for a hundred Philistine foreskins."
2 Samuel 3:15 Ishbosheth sent for her and took her from her husband, Phaltiel the son of Laish.
2 Samuel 3:16 Her husband followed her, crying as he went to Bahurim. Then Abner told him, "Go back." And he went back.
2 Samuel 3:17 Abner spoke to the leaders of Israel, saying, "You once wanted David to be your king."
2 Samuel 3:18 Go ahead and do it because God has said about David, "Through my servant David, I will rescue my people Israel from the Philistines and all their enemies."
2 Samuel 3:19 Abner also spoke to the people of Benjamin and then went to tell David in Hebron everything that seemed right to Israel and all the Benjaminites.
2 Samuel 3:20 Abner went to see David in Hebron with twenty men. David gave a feast for Abner and his men.
2 Samuel 3:21 Abner told David, "I will get up and go to bring all of Israel to you, the king, so they can join with you. Then you will rule over everything you want." And David let Abner go, and he left peacefully.
2 Samuel 3:22 David's men and Joab returned from chasing a group and brought back a lot of loot, but Abner was not with David in Hebron; David had let him go, and he left peacefully.
2 Samuel 3:23 When Joab and his army arrived, they told Joab, "Abner, Ner's son, came to the king, and the king let him go, and he left peacefully."
2 Samuel 3:24 Then Joab went to the king and asked, "What have you done? Look, Abner came to you; why did you send him away so he's completely gone?"
2 Samuel 3:25 You know Abner, Ner's son, came to trick you, to find out where you go and what you do.
2 Samuel 3:26 When Joab left David, he sent people to get Abner and they brought him back from Sirah's well, but David didn't know about it.
2 Samuel 3:27 After Abner came back to Hebron, Joab pulled him aside in the gate to talk privately and then struck him below the fifth rib, and Abner died for killing Joab's brother Asahel.
2 Samuel 3:28 After David heard this, he said, "I and my kingdom are innocent before God forever concerning the death of Abner, Ner's son."
2 Samuel 3:29 Let the blame fall on Joab and his family; may his family never be without someone who is sick, has a skin disease, needs a cane to walk, dies by the sword, or goes hungry.
2 Samuel 3:30 Joab and his brother Abishai killed Abner because he had killed their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.
2 Samuel 3:31 David said to Joab and all the people with him, "Tear your clothes, put on sackcloth, and weep for Abner." And King David walked behind the coffin.
2 Samuel 3:32 They buried Abner in Hebron, and the king cried aloud at Abner's grave; all the people also cried.
2 Samuel 3:33 The king mourned for Abner, saying, "Did Abner die like a fool?"
2 Samuel 3:34 Your hands were not tied, nor were your feet chained; like someone falls before evil men, so you fell. And all the people cried for you again.
2 Samuel 3:35 When everyone came to get David to eat before evening, David vowed, "May God deal with me, and even more, if I eat bread or anything else before the sun sets."
2 Samuel 3:36 Everyone saw what happened, and they liked it; just as everything the king did made the people happy.
2 Samuel 3:37 Everyone and all of Israel knew that day that the king did not want to kill Abner, Ner's son.
2 Samuel 3:38 The king told his servants, "Don't you know that today a prince and a great man has fallen in Israel?"
2 Samuel 3:39 Today, even though I am the anointed king, I am weak, and these sons of Zeruiah are too strong for me. God will pay back those who do evil for their wickedness.

2 Samuel 4:1 When Saul's son learned that Abner had died in Hebron, he felt weak, and all the Israelites were upset.
2 Samuel 4:2 Saul's son had two men who led groups: one was named Baanah and the other Rechab. They were sons of Rimmon from Beeroth, which was part of the Benjamin tribe.
2 Samuel 4:3 The people from Beeroth ran away to Gittaim and have lived there until now.
2 Samuel 4:4 Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son who could not walk. He was five years old when news of Saul and Jonathan's deaths came from Jezreel. His nurse picked him up and ran away. While she hurriedly fled, he fell and hurt his feet. His name was Mephibosheth.
2 Samuel 4:5 Rechab and Baanah, sons of Rimmon from Beeroth, went to Ishbosheth's house during the hottest part of the day while he was resting on his bed.
2 Samuel 4:6 They arrived at the center of the house pretending to collect wheat and then they stabbed him below the fifth rib, and Rechab with his brother Baanah got away.
2 Samuel 4:7 When they entered the house, he was lying on his bed in his bedroom. They hit him, killed him, and cut off his head. Then they took his head and escaped across the fields all night.
2 Samuel 4:8 They brought Ishbosheth's head to David in Hebron and told the king, "Here is the head of Ishbosheth, Saul's son, your enemy who wanted to kill you. God has taken revenge for you today against Saul and his family."
2 Samuel 4:9 David replied to Rechab and his brother Baanah, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, "As God lives, who has saved me from all trouble,
2 Samuel 4:10 Someone told me, 'Saul is dead.' He thought he was bringing good news, so I grabbed him and killed him in Ziklag because he expected a reward for his news.
2 Samuel 4:11 How much worse it is when evil men kill a good person in his own home on his bed? Will I not demand you pay for his death and remove you from the world?
2 Samuel 4:12 David ordered his men, and they killed them, cut off their hands and feet, and hung them by the pool in Hebron. However, they took Ishbosheth's head and buried it in Abner's tomb in Hebron.

2 Samuel 5:1 All the tribes of Israel came to David at Hebron and said, "Look, we are your own flesh and blood."
2 Samuel 5:2 Before, when Saul was our king, you were the one who led Israel out and in. And God told you, 'You will take care of my people Israel, and you will be their leader.'
2 Samuel 5:3 All the leaders of Israel went to see the king at Hebron. There, David made an agreement with them in Hebron before God, and they made David king over Israel.
2 Samuel 5:4 David was thirty when he became king, and he ruled for forty years.
2 Samuel 5:5 He ruled over Judah in Hebron for seven years and six months, and in Jerusalem, he ruled over all Israel and Judah for thirty-three years.
2 Samuel 5:6 The king and his men went to Jerusalem to meet the Jebusites who lived there. The Jebusites told David, "You can't come in here unless you get rid of the blind and lame people." They thought, "David can't come in here."
2 Samuel 5:7 David captured the fortress of Zion, which is now called the city of David.
2 Samuel 5:8 David said that day, "Whoever climbs through the water shaft and defeats the Jebusites, including the blind and lame whom David dislikes, will become the leader." That's why people say, "The blind and lame cannot enter the house."
2 Samuel 5:9 David lived in the fortress and named it David's city. He then built it up from the Millo and inside.
2 Samuel 5:10 David continued to become powerful, and God was with him.
2 Samuel 5:11 Hiram, king of Tyre, sent messengers to David with cedar trees, carpenters, and masons, and they built a house for David.
2 Samuel 5:12 David realized that God had made him king over Israel, and that God had lifted up his kingdom for the benefit of the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 5:13 David married more women and added them to his other wives in Jerusalem after he left Hebron, and he had more sons and daughters.
2 Samuel 5:14 Here are the names of his children born to him in Jerusalem: Shammuah, Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon.
2 Samuel 5:15 Ibhar, Elishua, Nepheg, and Japhia were also there.
2 Samuel 5:16 Elishama, Eliada, and Eliphalet.
2 Samuel 5:17 When the Philistines learned that David had been made king over Israel, they all went to look for David; and when David heard about it, he went to the fortress.
2 Samuel 5:18 The Philistines came and scattered throughout the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 5:19 David asked God, "Should I go to fight the Philistines? Will you give them to me?" God said to David, "Go, because I will surely give the Philistines to you."
2 Samuel 5:20 David came to Baalperazim, David defeated them there, and said, "God has burst through my enemies before me, like a flood." So he named that place Baalperazim.
2 Samuel 5:21 There they left their idols, and David and his men burned them.
2 Samuel 5:22 The Philistines came again and spread out in Rephaim Valley.
2 Samuel 5:23 When David asked God, He said, "Do not attack them straight on; instead, go around them and surprise them near the mulberry trees."
2 Samuel 5:24 When you hear a sound like marching in the tops of the mulberry trees, act quickly, for that means God is going ahead of you to defeat the Philistine army.
2 Samuel 5:25 David did as God had commanded him and struck down the Philistines from Geba to Gazer.

2 Samuel 6:1 David brought together thirty thousand select men of Israel again.
2 Samuel 6:2 David got up and went with everyone from Baale of Judah to move the ark of God with the name called God of the armies who lives among the cherubim.
2 Samuel 6:3 They placed God's ark on a new cart and took it from Abinadab's house in Gibeah. Abinadab's sons, Uzzah and Ahio, guided the new cart.
2 Samuel 6:4 They took it from Abinadab's house in Gibeah, going with God's box, and Ahio walked in front of it.
2 Samuel 6:5 David and everyone from Israel made music for God with all kinds of wooden instruments, like harps, lyres, drums, flutes, and cymbals.
2 Samuel 6:6 When they reached Nachon's threshing floor, Uzzah reached out to the Ark of God and grabbed it because the oxen stumbled.
2 Samuel 6:7 God became very angry with Uzzah and struck him down because of his mistake, and Uzzah died there next to the ark of God.
2 Samuel 6:8 David was upset because God had punished Uzzah, and he named that place Perezuzzah, which it is still called today.
2 Samuel 6:9 David was scared of God that day and asked, "How can the ark of God come to me?"
2 Samuel 6:10 So David did not take God's chest to his city, but he took it to the house of Obededom from Gath.
2 Samuel 6:11 The chest of God stayed in the home of Obededom the Gittite for three months, and God blessed Obededom and his whole family.
2 Samuel 6:12 Someone told King David, "God has blessed Obededom's house and everything he has because of the ark of God." So David went and happily moved the ark of God from Obededom's house to the city of David.
2 Samuel 6:13 When those carrying the ark of God had walked six steps, he offered oxen and fattened animals as sacrifices.
2 Samuel 6:14 David danced before God with all his strength, wearing a linen garment.
2 Samuel 6:15 So David and all of Israel's family moved the ark of God with loud cheers and trumpet blasts.
2 Samuel 6:16 As God's ark entered David's city, Saul's daughter Michal saw King David jumping and dancing before God through a window and she felt contempt for him inside.
2 Samuel 6:17 They brought God's ark and put it where it should be, in the tent David set up for it. David made burnt offerings and peace offerings to God.
2 Samuel 6:18 After David finished offering burnt and peace offerings, he blessed the people in God's name.
2 Samuel 6:19 He gave out to everyone there, both women and men, a loaf of bread, a good serving of meat, and a bottle of wine. Then all the people went home.
2 Samuel 6:20 David went back to bless his family. Michal, Saul's daughter, met David and said, "The king of Israel looked foolish today, exposing himself in front of the servant girls like a shameless man!"
2 Samuel 6:21 David said to Michal, "I did it for God, who picked me instead of your dad and his family to be the leader of God's people, Israel. That's why I will celebrate before God."
2 Samuel 6:22 I will be even more undignified than this, and I will be humble in my own eyes. But by the female servants you mentioned, I will be respected.
2 Samuel 6:23 So Michal, Saul's daughter, had no children until she died.

2 Samuel 7:1 When the king was in his house, and God had given him peace from all his enemies;
2 Samuel 7:2 The king said to the prophet Nathan, "Look, I live in a cedar house, but God's ark stays in a tent."
2 Samuel 7:3 Nathan told the king, "Go ahead and do everything you want to do because God is with you."
2 Samuel 7:4 That night, God's message came to Nathan, saying,
2 Samuel 7:5 Go and tell my servant David, God says, Will you build me a house to live in?
2 Samuel 7:6 Since I led the people of Israel out of Egypt, I have never lived in a house. Instead, I have moved in a tent and in a shelter.
2 Samuel 7:7 In every place where I have been with all of Israel's children, did I ever ask any tribe I told to take care of my people Israel, "Why don't you build me a cedar house?"
2 Samuel 7:8 So now, tell my servant David this: God says, 'I chose you from the pasture and from tending the sheep to be the leader of my people, Israel.'
2 Samuel 7:9 I was with you wherever you went, and I defeated all your enemies, making your name as great as the most famous people on earth.
2 Samuel 7:10 I will provide a home for my people Israel and settle them so they can live in their own place without moving again; evil people will not trouble them anymore, like in the past.
2 Samuel 7:11 Ever since I appointed leaders for my people Israel and gave you peace from all your enemies, God has promised to build you a house.
2 Samuel 7:12 When your time comes to an end and you die, I will raise up your descendants to follow you, one who will come from your own body, and I will make his kingdom strong.
2 Samuel 7:13 He will build a house for my name, and I will establish his kingdom's throne forever.
2 Samuel 7:14 I will be his father, and he will be my son. If he does wrong, I will correct him with punishment from people and their whippings.
2 Samuel 7:15 My kindness will not leave him, as I took it from Saul, whom I removed before you.
2 Samuel 7:16 Your family and kingdom will last forever; your rule will go on forever.
2 Samuel 7:17 Nathan told David everything he had heard and seen.
2 Samuel 7:18 Then King David went in, sat before God, and said, "Who am I, God, and what is my family, that you have brought me this far?"
2 Samuel 7:19 This was still a small thing to you, God, but you also promised good things for your servant's family far into the future. Is this how people normally act, God?
2 Samuel 7:20 What more can David say to you? You, God, know your servant.
2 Samuel 7:21 For the sake of your promise and your own desire, you have done all these amazing things so that your servant could understand them.
2 Samuel 7:22 You are great, God, because there is no one like you, and there is no other God, just as we have heard.
2 Samuel 7:23 What other nation on earth is like your people Israel? God chose them to be his own, to make himself known, and to perform great and awe-inspiring acts for them—clearing out nations and their gods to free Israel from Egypt.
2 Samuel 7:24 You have made the people of Israel your own people forever, and you, God, have become their God.
2 Samuel 7:25 Now, God, make true your promise about your servant and his family forever, and do as you have promised.
2 Samuel 7:26 May your name be honored always, as people say, "God rules over Israel," and may David's family remain strong in your presence.
2 Samuel 7:27 You, God of all and God of Israel, have told your servant that you will build a house for him. So your servant has decided to pray this prayer to you.
2 Samuel 7:28 And now, God, you are that God, your words are true, and you have promised this goodness to your servant.
2 Samuel 7:29 Please bless your servant's house so it can last forever in your presence. You, God, have promised this; may your blessing make your servant's house forever blessed.

2 Samuel 8:1 After this, David defeated the Philistines and brought them under control; David also captured Methegammah from the Philistines.
2 Samuel 8:2 He defeated the Moabites and used a rope to measure them, laying them on the ground. Those measured by two lengths of rope were killed, and those by one length were spared. Thus, the Moabites served David and brought him presents.
2 Samuel 8:3 David struck Hadadezer, Rehob's son and king of Zobah, while he was trying to take back his territory at the Euphrates River.
2 Samuel 8:4 David captured from him a thousand chariots, seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand soldiers. David crippled all the chariot horses, but saved enough for one hundred chariots.
2 Samuel 8:5 When the Syrians from Damascus helped Hadadezer, the king of Zobah, David killed twenty-two thousand Syrian men.
2 Samuel 8:6 David placed military camps in Damascus, Syria, and the Syrians worked for David and gave him presents. God protected David everywhere he went.
2 Samuel 8:7 David took the gold shields from Hadadezer's servants and brought them to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 8:8 From Betah and Berothai, towns of Hadadezer, King David captured a lot of bronze.
2 Samuel 8:9 When Toi, the king of Hamath, learned that David had defeated the entire army of Hadadezer,
2 Samuel 8:10 Then Toi sent his son Joram to King David to greet him and bless him because he had fought against Hadadezer and defeated him; Hadadezer had been at war with Toi. Joram brought with him silver, gold, and bronze items.
2 Samuel 8:11 King David also set apart for God the silver and gold he had dedicated from all the nations he conquered.
2 Samuel 8:12 From Syria, Moab, the Ammonites, the Philistines, Amalek, and the loot from Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.
2 Samuel 8:13 David became famous when he returned from defeating the Syrians in the Salt Valley, where he had killed eighteen thousand men.
2 Samuel 8:14 He placed guards in Edom; he put guards all over Edom, and everyone in Edom served David. God protected David wherever he went.
2 Samuel 8:15 David ruled over all Israel and he gave fair decisions and justice to all his people.
2 Samuel 8:16 Joab, son of Zeruiah, was in command of the army, and Jehoshaphat, son of Ahilud, was the record keeper.
2 Samuel 8:17 Zadok, Ahitub's son, and Ahimelech, Abiathar's son, were priests; Seraiah was the secretary.
2 Samuel 8:18 Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, led both the Cherethites and Pelethites; David's sons were the main leaders.

2 Samuel 9:1 David asked, "Is there anyone still alive from Saul's family, so I can be kind to them for Jonathan's sake?"
2 Samuel 9:2 Saul's household had a servant named Ziba. When they brought him to David, the king asked, "Are you Ziba?" He replied, "I am your servant."
2 Samuel 9:3 The king asked, "Is there no one left from Saul's family to whom I can show God's kindness?" Ziba told the king, "Jonathan has a son who cannot walk."
2 Samuel 9:4 The king asked him, "Where is he?" Ziba answered the king, "Look, he's at the house of Machir, Ammiel's son, in Lodebar."
2 Samuel 9:5 Then King David sent for him and brought him from Machir's house, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar.
2 Samuel 9:6 When Mephibosheth, Jonathan's son and Saul's grandson, came to David, he bowed down to show respect. David called out, "Mephibosheth!" And he replied, "Here I am, your servant!"
2 Samuel 9:7 David told him, "Don't be afraid. I will definitely be kind to you because of your father Jonathan. I will give back to you all the land of your grandfather Saul, and you will always eat at my table."
2 Samuel 9:8 He bowed and said, "What is your servant, that you would notice a worthless dog like me?"
2 Samuel 9:9 The king called Ziba, Saul's servant, and said to him, "I have given your master's son everything that belonged to Saul and his family."
2 Samuel 9:10 You, your sons, and your workers must farm the land for him, and you must bring in the crops so that your master's son will have food to eat; but Mephibosheth, your master's son, will always eat bread at my table. Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty workers.
2 Samuel 9:11 Ziba told the king, "I will do everything you, the king, have told me to do." The king said about Mephibosheth, "He will eat at my table like one of my sons."
2 Samuel 9:12 Mephibosheth had a young son named Micha. Everyone living in Ziba's house served Mephibosheth.
2 Samuel 9:13 Mephibosheth lived in Jerusalem because he always ate at the king's table, and he could not walk well with either of his feet.

2 Samuel 10:1 After this, the king of Ammon died, and his son Hanun became king in his place.
2 Samuel 10:2 David said, "I will be kind to Hanun, Nahash's son, just as his father was kind to me." David sent his servants to comfort Hanun because of his father's death. David's servants entered the land of the Ammonites.
2 Samuel 10:3 The leaders of the Ammonites said to their king Hanun, "Do you think David is honoring your father by sending these men to comfort you? Hasn't David actually sent them to explore the city, spy on it, and destroy it?"
2 Samuel 10:4 So Hanun took David's servants, shaved half of their beards, cut their clothes up to their bottoms, and sent them away.
2 Samuel 10:5 When they shared this with David, he went out to meet them because the men felt very ashamed. The king said, "Stay at Jericho until your beards have grown back, and then come back."
2 Samuel 10:6 When the Ammonites realized that David disliked them, they hired twenty thousand Syrian soldiers from Bethrehob and Zoba, a thousand from King Maacah, and twelve thousand from Ishtob.
2 Samuel 10:7 When David found out, he sent Joab and all his strong soldiers.
2 Samuel 10:8 The Ammonites came and prepared for battle at the gate entrance, while the Syrians from Zoba, Rehob, Ishtob, and Maacah stood alone in the field.
2 Samuel 10:9 When Joab realized he was surrounded by the enemy in front and behind, he picked the best soldiers of Israel and arranged them to fight the Syrians.
2 Samuel 10:10 He gave the rest of the people to his brother Abishai to arrange them for battle against the Ammonites.
2 Samuel 10:11 He said, "If the Syrians are too powerful for me, then you must help me. But if the Ammonites are too powerful for you, I will come and help you."
2 Samuel 10:12 Be brave, let's fight for our people and God's cities, and let God do what he thinks is best.
2 Samuel 10:13 Joab and his soldiers moved closer to fight the Syrians, and the Syrians ran away from them.
2 Samuel 10:14 When the Ammonites saw that the Syrians had run away, they also ran from Abishai and went back to their city. Then Joab left the Ammonites and went to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 10:15 When the Syrians realized they were defeated by Israel, they joined forces.
2 Samuel 10:16 Hadarezer called and gathered the Syrians from across the river, and they went to Helam with their leader Shobach marching in front.
2 Samuel 10:17 When David heard the news, he brought all of Israel together, crossed the Jordan River, and went to Helam. The Syrians lined up to fight against David and battled with him.
2 Samuel 10:18 The Syrians ran away from Israel; David killed 700 of their chariot men, 40,000 on horseback, and struck their leader Shobach, who died there.
2 Samuel 10:19 When all the kings who served Hadarezer saw they were defeated by Israel, they made peace with Israel and worked for them. So, the Syrians were afraid to help the people of Ammon again.

2 Samuel 11:1 After a year ended, when kings usually went to war, David sent Joab, his officers, and all Israel. They defeated the Ammonites and surrounded Rabbah. But David stayed in Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 11:2 One evening, David got up from his bed, walked on the palace roof, and saw a very beautiful woman bathing.
2 Samuel 11:3 David sent someone to find out about the woman. Someone asked, "Isn't this Bathsheba, Eliam's daughter, Uriah the Hittite's wife?"
2 Samuel 11:4 David sent people to get her. She came to him, and they slept together after she was clean from her impurity. Then she went back home.
2 Samuel 11:5 The woman became pregnant, and she sent word to David, saying, "I am expecting a baby."
2 Samuel 11:6 David sent a message to Joab: "Send me Uriah the Hittite." So Joab sent Uriah to David.
2 Samuel 11:7 When Uriah came to him, David asked how Joab was, how the people were, and how the war was going.
2 Samuel 11:8 David told Uriah, "Go to your house and wash your feet." Uriah left the king's house, and a serving of food from the king was sent after him.
2 Samuel 11:9 Uriah slept at the entrance of the king's house with all his master's servants and did not go down to his own home.
2 Samuel 11:10 When they told David, "Uriah did not go home," David asked Uriah, "Didn't you come from a trip? Why didn't you go home?"
2 Samuel 11:11 Uriah said to David, "The ark, and Israel, and Judah stay in tents; and my leader Joab, and my lord's servants, camp in the fields. Should I then go to my house to eat, drink, and be with my wife? As you live, and as your spirit lives, I will not do this."
2 Samuel 11:12 David told Uriah, "Stay here today as well, and tomorrow I will let you go." So Uriah stayed in Jerusalem that day and the next day.
2 Samuel 11:13 When David invited him, he ate and drank in front of David, and David got him drunk. In the evening, he went to sleep on his bed with his master's servants instead of going home.
2 Samuel 11:14 In the morning, David wrote a letter to Joab and sent it with Uriah.
2 Samuel 11:15 He wrote in the letter: Place Uriah at the front where the fighting is fiercest and then pull back so he will be struck down and die.
2 Samuel 11:16 When Joab saw the city, he sent Uriah to a place where he knew strong soldiers were.
2 Samuel 11:17 The city men came out, fought with Joab, and some of David's servants died, including Uriah the Hittite.
2 Samuel 11:18 Then Joab sent a message to tell David everything about the war.
2 Samuel 11:19 He gave the messenger instructions, saying, "After you finish reporting the war news to the king,
2 Samuel 11:20 If the king gets angry and asks you why you came so close to the city during the battle, didn't you realize they would shoot arrows from the wall?
2 Samuel 11:21 Who killed Abimelech, son of Jerubbesheth? Wasn't it a woman who dropped a millstone on him from the wall so he died in Thebez? Why did you go close to the wall? Then you must say, 'Your servant Uriah the Hittite is also dead.'
2 Samuel 11:22 The messenger went, came, and told David everything Joab had sent him to say.
2 Samuel 11:23 The messenger told David, "The men were too strong for us. They attacked us in the open field, but we fought them off all the way to the city gate."
2 Samuel 11:24 The archers shot arrows at your servants from the wall; some of the king's servants have died, and your servant Uriah the Hittite is also dead.
2 Samuel 11:25 David told the messenger, "Tell Joab, 'Don't be upset about this because the sword takes one as well as another. Fight harder against the city, destroy it, and cheer him up.'"
2 Samuel 11:26 When Uriah's wife learned that her husband Uriah had died, she grieved for him.
2 Samuel 11:27 After the mourning ended, David brought her to his house, she became his wife, and had a son for him. But what David did made God unhappy.

2 Samuel 12:1 God sent Nathan to David. He went to him and said, "There were two men in the same city; one was rich and the other was poor."
2 Samuel 12:2 The rich man had very many sheep and cattle.
2 Samuel 12:3 The poor man had only one small female lamb he had bought and cared for. It grew up with him and his children, eating from his food, drinking from his cup, and sleeping close to him, like a daughter to him.
2 Samuel 12:4 A traveler came to the rich man, but he didn't want to use any of his own sheep or cattle to cook for the guest. Instead, he took the poor man's only lamb and prepared it for his visitor.
2 Samuel 12:5 David became very angry at the man and said to Nathan, "As God lives, this man who did this must die."
2 Samuel 12:6 He must return four sheep for the one he took because he did this and had no mercy.
2 Samuel 12:7 Nathan told David, "You are the man. God says, I made you king over Israel, and I saved you from Saul's power."
2 Samuel 12:8 I gave you your master's house and his wives, and the kingdoms of Israel and Judah; if that wasn't enough, I would have given you even more.
2 Samuel 12:9 Why have you ignored God's command by doing wrong in his eyes? You killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, took his wife as your own, and killed him with the sword of the Ammonites.
2 Samuel 12:10 So now, the sword will always be in your family because you looked down on me and took Uriah the Hittite's wife to be your own.
2 Samuel 12:11 God says, "Look, I will bring trouble on you from your own family. I will take your wives while you watch and give them to your neighbor. He will sleep with your wives in broad daylight."
2 Samuel 12:12 You did it in secret, but I will do this for all Israel to see, under the sun.
2 Samuel 12:13 David told Nathan, "I have sinned against God." Nathan replied to David, "God has forgiven your sin; you will not die."
2 Samuel 12:14 However, because this action of yours has given God's enemies a big reason to insult, the baby born to you will certainly die.
2 Samuel 12:15 Nathan went to his home. God made the child that Uriah's wife had with David very ill.
2 Samuel 12:16 David prayed to God for the child; David fasted, went inside, and spent the whole night lying on the ground.
2 Samuel 12:17 The older leaders of his house stood up and went to him to help him get up from the ground, but he refused, and he did not eat bread with them.
2 Samuel 12:18 On the seventh day, the child died. David's servants were afraid to tell him the child was dead. They thought, "When the child was still alive, we spoke to him, and he didn't listen to us. How upset will he be if we tell him the child is dead?"
2 Samuel 12:19 When David noticed his servants whispering, he realized the child had died. So David asked them, "Is the child dead?" They replied, "Yes, he is dead."
2 Samuel 12:20 David got up from the ground, washed, put on lotion, changed his clothes, went to God's house, and prayed. Then he went home, and when he asked for food, they gave him some, and he ate.
2 Samuel 12:21 His servants asked him, "Why have you done this? You fasted and cried for the child when it was alive; but after the child died, you got up and ate."
2 Samuel 12:22 He said, "When the child was still alive, I fasted and cried because I thought, 'Maybe God will be kind to me so the child will live.'"
2 Samuel 12:23 He is dead now. Why should I fast? Can I make him live again? I will go to him, but he will not come back to me.
2 Samuel 12:24 David comforted his wife Bathsheba, and slept with her. She had a son, and David named him Solomon. God loved him.
2 Samuel 12:25 He sent the prophet Nathan to name him Jedidiah because of God.
2 Samuel 12:26 Joab battled Rabbah of the Ammonites and captured the main city.
2 Samuel 12:27 Joab sent people to tell David, "I have battled Rabbah and captured the water city."
2 Samuel 12:28 Now get the rest of the people, camp around the city, and capture it, so I don't take the city and have it named after me.
2 Samuel 12:29 David brought all the people, went to Rabbah, fought against it, and captured it.
2 Samuel 12:30 He took the crown from their king's head. It weighed a talent of gold and had precious stones. It was placed on David's head. He took a lot of valuable things from the city.
2 Samuel 12:31 He took the people out of the city, made them work with saws, iron tools, and axes, and had them make bricks. David did this to all the Ammonite cities, then he and his people went back to Jerusalem.

2 Samuel 13:1 After this, David's son Absalom had a beautiful sister named Tamar, and David's son Amnon loved her.
2 Samuel 13:2 Amnon was so upset that he became sick because of his sister Tamar; she was a virgin, and Amnon found it difficult to do anything to her.
2 Samuel 13:3 Amnon had a friend named Jonadab, who was the son of Shimeah, David's brother, and Jonadab was very clever.
2 Samuel 13:4 He asked him, "Why are you, the king's son, getting thinner every day? Won't you tell me?" Amnon replied, "I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister."
2 Samuel 13:5 Jonadab told him, "Lie down on your bed and pretend to be sick. When your father comes to see you, ask him, 'Please let my sister Tamar come and give me food. Let her prepare the food in front of me so I can watch and eat from her hand.'"
2 Samuel 13:6 Amnon laid down and pretended to be sick. When the king came to visit him, Amnon asked the king, "Please let my sister Tamar come and make some cakes where I can see her, so I can eat from her hand."
2 Samuel 13:7 David sent a message to Tamar, saying, "Go to your brother Amnon's house and prepare food for him."
2 Samuel 13:8 Tamar went to her brother Amnon's house where he was lying down. She mixed flour, shaped it, and cooked cakes where he could see her.
2 Samuel 13:9 She got a pan and put the food in front of him, but he wouldn't eat. Amnon said, "Send everyone away from me." So everyone left him.
2 Samuel 13:10 Amnon said to Tamar, "Bring the food to the room so I can eat from your hand." Tamar took the cakes she made and brought them to the room for her brother Amnon.
2 Samuel 13:11 When she brought him the food, he grabbed her and said, "Come sleep with me, my sister."
2 Samuel 13:12 She replied, "No, my brother, don't force me. Such things should not happen in Israel. Don't do this foolish act."
2 Samuel 13:13 Where can I hide my shame? And you will be like a fool in Israel. So please, ask the king; he won't keep me from you.
2 Samuel 13:14 However, he refused to listen to her and, being stronger than her, overpowered her and slept with her.
2 Samuel 13:15 Then Amnon hated her very much; the hate he felt for her was stronger than his previous love. Amnon said to her, "Get up and leave."
2 Samuel 13:16 She told him, "No reason for this; sending me away is worse than what you did before." But he didn't listen to her.
2 Samuel 13:17 He called his servant who worked for him and said, "Now take this woman out of here and lock the door behind her."
2 Samuel 13:18 She wore a robe of many colors because that's what unmarried princesses wore. Afterward, his servant took her out and locked the door behind her.
2 Samuel 13:19 Tamar put ash on her head, tore her colorful robe, placed her hand on her head, and walked away crying.
2 Samuel 13:20 Absalom, her brother, asked her, "Did Amnon, your brother, hurt you? Stay quiet now, my sister; he's your brother. Don't worry about this." So Tamar stayed alone in her brother Absalom's home.
2 Samuel 13:21 When King David heard about all this, he was very angry.
2 Samuel 13:22 Absalom said nothing, good or bad, to his brother Amnon because Absalom hated Amnon for hurting their sister Tamar.
2 Samuel 13:23 Two years later, Absalom held a sheep shearing event in Baalhazor, near Ephraim, and he invited all the king's sons.
2 Samuel 13:24 Absalom went to the king and said, "Look, I have people who are shearing sheep. Please let the king and his servants join me."
2 Samuel 13:25 The king told Absalom, "No, my son, we should not all go now, so we don't become a burden to you." Even though he urged him, he did not go, but gave him his blessing.
2 Samuel 13:26 Then Absalom said, "If not, please let my brother Amnon go with us." And the king asked, "Why should he go with you?"
2 Samuel 13:27 But Absalom insisted until he convinced Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
2 Samuel 13:28 Absalom told his servants, "Watch when Amnon gets happy from drinking wine, and when I tell you to hit Amnon, then kill him. Don't be afraid; haven't I given you orders? Be brave and strong."
2 Samuel 13:29 Absalom's servants did to Amnon what Absalom ordered. Then all the king's sons got up, each one mounted his mule, and they all ran away.
2 Samuel 13:30 While they were traveling, news reached David that Absalom had killed all the king's sons and not one of them had survived.
2 Samuel 13:31 Then the king got up, tore his clothes, and lay on the ground; all his servants stood nearby with their clothes torn.
2 Samuel 13:32 Jonadab, Shimeah's son and David's nephew, said, "My lord should not think that all the young princes have been killed. Only Amnon is dead. This was planned by Absalom since the day he hurt his sister Tamar."
2 Samuel 13:33 So now, let the king not worry, thinking all his sons are dead. Only Amnon is dead.
2 Samuel 13:34 Absalom ran away. The young man on guard looked up and saw many people coming from the hillside behind him.
2 Samuel 13:35 Jonadab told the king, "Look, the king's sons are coming; it's just as your servant said."
2 Samuel 13:36 After he finished speaking, the king's sons arrived, cried loudly, and wept, and the king and all his servants also wept bitterly.
2 Samuel 13:37 Absalom ran away and went to Talmai, son of Ammihud, the king of Geshur. David grieved for his son every day.
2 Samuel 13:38 Absalom ran away to Geshur and stayed there for three years.
2 Samuel 13:39 King David deeply wanted to see Absalom because he felt better about Amnon now that he was dead.

2 Samuel 14:1 Joab, Zeruiah's son, noticed that the king felt kindly toward Absalom.
2 Samuel 14:2 Joab sent to Tekoah and brought back a smart woman and said to her, "Please pretend to be grieving. Dress in sad clothes and don't put on any perfume. Act like you have been mourning a death for a long time."
2 Samuel 14:3 Go to the king and say these things to him. So Joab gave her the words to say.
2 Samuel 14:4 When the woman from Tekoah spoke to the king, she bowed down with her face to the ground and said, "Help me, O king."
2 Samuel 14:5 The king asked her, "What's wrong?" She answered, "I am truly a widow; my husband has died."
2 Samuel 14:6 Your servant had two sons, and they fought in the field with no one to separate them, and one hit the other and killed him.
2 Samuel 14:7 Look, the whole family has turned against your servant, and they said, 'Hand over the one who hit his brother, so we can kill him for taking his brother's life; and we want to get rid of the heir too. This way, they would put out the only surviving part of my family, leaving my husband with no one to carry on his name or future on earth.
2 Samuel 14:8 The king told the woman, "Go to your home, and I will take care of you."
2 Samuel 14:9 The woman from Tekoah said to the king, "My king, let the wrong be my fault and my family's fault, and let the king and his throne be innocent."
2 Samuel 14:10 And the king said, "If anyone bothers you, bring them to me, and they won't bother you again."
2 Samuel 14:11 She said, "Please, let the king remember God, so you don't let those seeking revenge kill again, or they might kill my son." He replied, "As long as God lives, not a single hair from your son's head will fall to the ground."
2 Samuel 14:12 Then the woman said, "Please let me, your servant, say one thing to you, the king." And he replied, "Go ahead."
2 Samuel 14:13 The woman asked, "Why have you planned something so harmful against God's people? The king talks like he's wrong because he doesn't bring back his exiled ones."
2 Samuel 14:14 We must die and are like water poured on the ground that can't be collected again; God doesn't favor anyone, yet he finds ways to keep his exiled people close to him.
2 Samuel 14:15 So now I have come to talk to the king about this matter because the people made me scared: and I thought, 'I will speak to the king; perhaps the king will do what I ask.'
2 Samuel 14:16 The king will listen and save his servant from the man who wants to kill me and my son, taking away God's inheritance from us.
2 Samuel 14:17 Then I thought, 'My king's decision will bring peace.' You have the wisdom of an angel from God to know right from wrong, so God will be with you.
2 Samuel 14:18 The king replied to the woman, "Please don't hide what I'm about to ask you." The woman said, "Go ahead, your majesty, ask me."
2 Samuel 14:19 The king asked, "Isn't Joab involved in all this with you?" The woman replied, "I swear by your life, my king, no one can ignore any of your words. Your servant Joab told me what to do and said exactly what I should say."
2 Samuel 14:20 Joab did this to make this conversation happen, and my master is as wise as an angel of God, knowing everything on earth.
2 Samuel 14:21 The king told Joab, "Look, I have decided: go and bring back the young man Absalom."
2 Samuel 14:22 Joab fell to the ground, facedown, and bowed, thanking the king. Joab said, "Today, I, your servant, know that I am favored by you, my lord, the king, because you have granted your servant's request."
2 Samuel 14:23 Joab got up, went to Geshur, and brought Absalom back to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 14:24 The king said, "Let him go to his own house and not see me." So Absalom went to his house and did not see the king.
2 Samuel 14:25 But in all Israel, no one was as praised for their beauty as Absalom; from his foot to his head, he had no flaws.
2 Samuel 14:26 Every year, he cut his hair because it was too heavy. When he cut it, he found it weighed two hundred shekels by the royal standard.
2 Samuel 14:27 Absalom had three sons and one daughter named Tamar; she was very beautiful.
2 Samuel 14:28 Absalom lived in Jerusalem for two full years without seeing the king.
2 Samuel 14:29 So Absalom asked Joab to bring him to the king, but Joab refused to come. Even when Absalom asked a second time, Joab wouldn't come.
2 Samuel 14:30 So he told his servants, "Look, Joab's field is next to mine and it has barley; go and burn it." Then Absalom's servants burned the field.
2 Samuel 14:31 Joab got up, went to Absalom's house, and asked him, "Why did your servants burn my field?"
2 Samuel 14:32 Absalom said to Joab, "Look, I called for you, telling you to come here so I could send you to the king and ask, 'Why did I leave Geshur? It would have been better for me to stay there. Now let me see the king, and if I have done wrong, let him put me to death.'"
2 Samuel 14:33 Joab went to the king and told him. When Absalom was called, he went to the king, bowed with his face to the ground, and the king kissed Absalom.

2 Samuel 15:1 After this, Absalom got chariots, horses, and fifty men to run ahead of him.
2 Samuel 15:2 Absalom got up early and stood by the gate's path. Whenever someone with a problem came to the king for a decision, Absalom would call them over and ask, "Which city are you from?" And the person would answer, "I am from one of Israel's tribes."
2 Samuel 15:3 Absalom told him, "Look, your issues are fair and correct; but there's no one appointed by the king to listen to you."
2 Samuel 15:4 Absalom also said, "I wish I were the judge of the land, so everyone with any issue could come to me, and I would give them fairness!"
2 Samuel 15:5 Whenever someone came close to honor him, he reached out his hand, grabbed them, and kissed them.
2 Samuel 15:6 Absalom acted this way toward all Israelites who came to the king for a decision: so Absalom won over the hearts of the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 15:7 After forty years, Absalom asked the king, "Please let me go to Hebron to keep my promise to God."
2 Samuel 15:8 I made a promise when I was staying in Geshur, in Syria. I said, "If God brings me back to Jerusalem, I will serve God."
2 Samuel 15:9 The king told him, "Leave in peace." So he got up and went to Hebron.
2 Samuel 15:10 Absalom sent spies to all of Israel's tribes, telling them, "When you hear the trumpet, say 'Absalom is king in Hebron.'"
2 Samuel 15:11 Two hundred men from Jerusalem went with Absalom because they were invited. They went innocently, not knowing anything.
2 Samuel 15:12 Absalom called for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David's advisor, from his city Giloh while he was making sacrifices. The plot grew powerful because more and more people joined Absalom.
2 Samuel 15:13 A messenger came to David and said, "The people of Israel are following Absalom."
2 Samuel 15:14 David told his servants in Jerusalem, "Get up and let's run away. We can't escape from Absalom if we don't. Hurry and leave, or he will catch us quickly, hurt us, and attack the city with his sword."
2 Samuel 15:15 The king's helpers told the king, "Look, we are your helpers, ready to do whatever the king decides."
2 Samuel 15:16 The king went out, and his whole family followed. He left ten women concubines to take care of the house.
2 Samuel 15:17 The king set out, and everyone followed him, and they stopped at a place that was far away.
2 Samuel 15:18 All his helpers walked past him; the Cherethites, the Pelethites, and the Gittites, six hundred men who followed him from Gath, walked ahead of the king.
2 Samuel 15:19 The king said to Ittai the Gittite, "Why are you also coming with us? Go back to your home and stay with the king: you are a foreigner and an exile."
2 Samuel 15:20 Since you only arrived yesterday, should I make you move around with us today? I will go wherever I can, so go back and take your brothers with you. May mercy and truth be with you.
2 Samuel 15:21 Ittai told the king, "As God is alive, and as you, the king, are alive, I promise wherever you are, whether dead or alive, I will be there too."
2 Samuel 15:22 David said to Ittai, "Go and cross over." Ittai the Gittite and all his men and the children with him crossed over.
2 Samuel 15:23 Everyone in the land cried loudly, and all the people crossed the river. The king crossed the Kidron stream too, and all the people went toward the desert way.
2 Samuel 15:24 Look, Zadok and all the Levites were with him, carrying God's covenant box. They put down God's box, and Abiathar left when all the people finished leaving the city.
2 Samuel 15:25 The king told Zadok, "Take the ark of God back to the city. If God is pleased with me, he will let me come back to see it and his dwelling place again."
2 Samuel 15:26 But if he says, "I don't enjoy you"; look, I am here, let him do to me what seems good to him.
2 Samuel 15:27 The king told Zadok the priest, "Aren't you a prophet? Go back to the city in peace, with your two sons, Ahimaaz your son, and Jonathan, Abiathar's son."
2 Samuel 15:28 Look, I will wait in the desert plain until you send me a message to inform me.
2 Samuel 15:29 So Zadok and Abiathar took the ark of God back to Jerusalem and stayed there.
2 Samuel 15:30 David climbed the slope of the Mount of Olives, crying as he climbed, with his head covered and barefoot. Everyone with him also covered their heads, all crying while going up.
2 Samuel 15:31 Someone told David, "Ahithophel is working with Absalom against you." And David prayed, "God, please make Ahithophel's advice seem foolish."
2 Samuel 15:32 When David reached the mountaintop where he worshipped God, Hushai the Archite approached him with his coat torn and dirt on his head.
2 Samuel 15:33 David said, "If you come with me, then you will be a burden to me."
2 Samuel 15:34 If you go back to the city and tell Absalom, "I will serve you, king, like I served your father before," then you can help stop Ahithophel's plan for me.
2 Samuel 15:35 Don't you have Zadok and Abiathar, the priests, with you? So, whatever you hear from the king's house, tell it to Zadok and Abiathar, the priests.
2 Samuel 15:36 Look, they have their two sons with them there, Ahimaaz, Zadok's son, and Jonathan, Abiathar's son. Use them to send me any news you hear.
2 Samuel 15:37 Hushai, David's friend, entered the city while Absalom entered Jerusalem.

2 Samuel 16:1 When David had just gone over the hilltop, Ziba, who worked for Mephibosheth, came to meet him. He had two saddled donkeys with him, as well as two hundred loaves of bread, one hundred bunches of raisins, one hundred summer fruits, and a bottle of wine.
2 Samuel 16:2 The king asked Ziba, "What are these for?" Ziba answered, "The donkeys are for the king's family to ride; the bread and summer fruit are for the young men to eat; and the wine is for anyone who is weak in the desert to drink."
2 Samuel 16:3 The king asked, "Where is your master's son?" Ziba told the king, "He is staying in Jerusalem, because he believes that today, Israel will give him back my father's kingdom."
2 Samuel 16:4 Then the king told Ziba, "Look, everything that belonged to Mephibosheth is now yours." And Ziba replied, "I hope to find favor in your eyes, my lord, O king."
2 Samuel 16:5 When King David reached Bahurim, a man from Saul's family named Shimei, the son of Gera, came out. He kept cursing as he approached.
2 Samuel 16:6 He threw stones at David and all of King David's servants; all the people and brave warriors were to his right and left.
2 Samuel 16:7 Shimei cursed, saying, "Get out, get out, you murderer, you worthless man!"
2 Samuel 16:8 God has brought back all the bloodshed of Saul's family, which you ruled after, onto you; and God has given your kingdom to Absalom, your son. Now you are caught because of your violence, for you are a man of bloodshed.
2 Samuel 16:9 Abishai, Zeruiah's son, said to the king, "Why should this worthless man insult my king? Please let me go and cut off his head."
2 Samuel 16:10 The king asked, "Why should I bother with you, sons of Zeruiah? Let him curse me if God told him to curse David. Who can question why he does it?"
2 Samuel 16:11 David said to Abishai and all his servants, "Look, my own son wants to kill me. So even more, this man from Benjamin might do it. Let him be and let him curse, because God has told him to."
2 Samuel 16:12 Maybe God will see my suffering and reward me with good for being cursed today.
2 Samuel 16:13 As David and his men traveled, Shimei walked on the hillside opposite them, cursed them as he moved, threw stones, and scattered dust at them.
2 Samuel 16:14 The king and everyone with him arrived tired and rested there.
2 Samuel 16:15 Absalom and all the Israelite men came to Jerusalem with Ahithophel.
2 Samuel 16:16 When Hushai the Archite, David's friend, came to Absalom, Hushai said to Absalom, "May God protect the king, may God protect the king."
2 Samuel 16:17 Absalom asked Hushai, "Is this how you show loyalty to your friend? Why didn't you go with your friend?"
2 Samuel 16:18 Hushai told Absalom, "No; I will serve the one God and the people of Israel choose, and I will stay with him."
2 Samuel 16:19 Again, who should I serve? Shouldn't I serve before his son? Just as I served before your father, I will serve before you.
2 Samuel 16:20 Absalom said to Ahithophel, "Tell us what we should do."
2 Samuel 16:21 Ahithophel told Absalom to sleep with his father's concubines, who were left to take care of the house. Then everyone in Israel will know that his father is against him, which will make everyone supporting him feel stronger.
2 Samuel 16:22 They set up a tent for Absalom on the roof, and Absalom slept with his father's women for all Israel to see.
2 Samuel 16:23 Ahithophel's advice back then was so good, it was like asking God directly. Both David and Absalom valued all of Ahithophel's advice.

2 Samuel 17:1 Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Let me pick twelve thousand men and go after David tonight."
2 Samuel 17:2 I will attack him when he is tired and his hands are weak, making him scared. Everyone with him will run away, and I will strike down only the king.
2 Samuel 17:3 I will return all the people to you: it's like everyone has come back because you're looking for one man: this way, everyone will be at peace.
2 Samuel 17:4 Absalom and all the leaders of Israel liked the idea.
2 Samuel 17:5 Then Absalom said, "Call Hushai the Archite too, so we can hear what he has to say."
2 Samuel 17:6 When Hushai arrived, Absalom asked him, "Ahithophel has given this advice. Should we follow it? If not, you tell us what to do."
2 Samuel 17:7 Hushai told Absalom, "The advice Ahithophel has given is not good right now."
2 Samuel 17:8 Hushai said, you know your father and his men are strong, and they are upset like a bear whose cubs are taken in the field; your father is a warrior and won't stay with the people.
2 Samuel 17:9 Look, he's hiding in a pit or another place. And if some of his men fall at first, anyone who hears will say, 'There's a killing among Absalom's followers.'
2 Samuel 17:10 Even the brave person, with a heart like a lion's, will be completely afraid because everyone in Israel knows your father is a strong man, and those with him are courageous.
2 Samuel 17:11 So I suggest you bring together all of Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, like the countless grains of sand by the sea; and you yourself should go into the battle.
2 Samuel 17:12 We will find him in some place, and we will surprise him like dew falls on the ground: not one of him or his men will remain.
2 Samuel 17:13 Furthermore, if he enters a city, then all Israel will bring ropes to that city, and we will pull it into the river until not even one small stone is left there.
2 Samuel 17:14 Absalom and all the Israelite men said, "Hushai the Archite's advice is better than Ahithophel's advice." This happened because God planned to ruin Ahithophel's good advice, so that He could bring disaster on Absalom.
2 Samuel 17:15 Hushai said to Zadok and Abiathar, the priests, "Ahithophel gave this advice to Absalom and Israel's leaders, and I gave this advice."
2 Samuel 17:16 So now, send a message to David fast. Say to him, "Don't stay tonight in the desert fields, but hurry and cross the river, so that the king and everyone with him aren't caught."
2 Samuel 17:17 Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed at Enrogel because they didn't want to be seen entering the city. A young woman went to tell them, and they went to inform King David.
2 Samuel 17:18 However, a boy saw them and informed Absalom. They both hurried away and reached a man's house in Bahurim, with a well in his yard, which they entered.
2 Samuel 17:19 The woman covered the well's opening with a cloth and scattered crushed grain on it; and no one knew about it.
2 Samuel 17:20 When Absalom's servants went to the woman's house, they asked, "Where are Ahimaaz and Jonathan?" The woman told them, "They crossed the water stream." After searching and not finding them, the servants went back to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 17:21 After they left, they climbed out of the well, went to tell King David, and said, "Get up and cross the river quickly, because Ahithophel has advised this against you."
2 Samuel 17:22 Then David got up, and everyone with him crossed the Jordan River. By dawn, every one of them had crossed over.
2 Samuel 17:23 When Ahithophel realized his advice was ignored, he prepared his donkey, left, went to his home in his city, arranged his affairs, hanged himself, died, and was buried in his father's tomb.
2 Samuel 17:24 David arrived at Mahanaim. Absalom crossed the Jordan River with all the men of Israel.
2 Samuel 17:25 Absalom appointed Amasa as the army's leader in place of Joab. Amasa's father was Ithra, an Israelite, who had been with Abigail, daughter of Nahash and sister of Zeruiah, Joab's mother.
2 Samuel 17:26 Israel and Absalom set up camp in the land of Gilead.
2 Samuel 17:27 When David got to Mahanaim, Shobi son of Nahash from Rabbah of the Ammonites, Machir son of Ammiel from Lo-debar, and Barzillai the Gileadite from Rogelim.
2 Samuel 17:28 Brought beds, basins, clay pots, wheat, barley, flour, roasted grain, beans, lentils, and roasted seeds.
2 Samuel 17:29 Honey, butter, sheep, and cow cheese for David and his people to eat because they were hungry, tired, and thirsty in the desert.

2 Samuel 18:1 David counted the people with him and put leaders in charge of groups of a thousand and groups of a hundred.
2 Samuel 18:2 David sent a third of the troops with Joab, another third with Abishai, Joab's brother, and the last third with Ittai the Gittite. The king told the people, "I will definitely come with you too."
2 Samuel 18:3 The people said, "You must not go out: if we run away, they won't bother with us; even if half of us die, they won't bother. But you are as valuable as ten thousand of us. So it's better for you to help us from inside the city."
2 Samuel 18:4 The king said to them, "I will do what you think is best." The king stood by the gate, and all the people came out in groups of hundreds and thousands.
2 Samuel 18:5 The king told Joab, Abishai, and Ittai, "Please be kind to the young man Absalom for me." Everyone heard when the king ordered the captains to take care of Absalom.
2 Samuel 18:6 The people went out to fight against Israel, and the battle happened in the forest of Ephraim.
2 Samuel 18:7 The Israelites were killed by David's men, and that day 20,000 men died in a big battle.
2 Samuel 18:8 The fight spread out across the land, and the forest took more lives that day than the sword.
2 Samuel 18:9 Absalom met David's servants. Absalom rode on a mule, which passed under a big oak tree's dense branches, and his head got stuck in the oak. He was left hanging between the sky and the ground, and the mule under him ran off.
2 Samuel 18:10 A man saw this, told Joab, and said, "Look, I saw Absalom hanging in an oak tree."
2 Samuel 18:11 Joab said to the man who told him, "You saw him, so why didn't you kill him right there? I would have given you ten silver coins and a belt."
2 Samuel 18:12 The man said to Joab, "Even if I got a thousand silver coins, I wouldn't hurt the king's son because we heard the king tell you, Abishai, and Ittai, 'Don't harm the young man Absalom.'"
2 Samuel 18:13 Otherwise, I would have lied about my own life, because nothing is hidden from the king, and you would have opposed me.
2 Samuel 18:14 Joab said, "I can't wait like this with you." He grabbed three sharp rods and stuck them into Absalom's heart, while Absalom was still alive in the oak tree.
2 Samuel 18:15 Ten young men carrying Joab's weapons surrounded Absalom, attacked him, and killed him.
2 Samuel 18:16 Joab sounded the trumpet, and the people stopped chasing Israel because Joab held them back.
2 Samuel 18:17 They took Absalom, threw him into a big hole in the forest, and put a huge pile of stones on him; then all Israel ran away to their own tents.
2 Samuel 18:18 While he was alive, Absalom set up a monument for himself in the King's Valley because he said, "I have no son to carry on my name." He named the monument after himself, and it is still called Absalom's Monument to this day.
2 Samuel 18:19 Then Ahimaaz, Zadok's son, said, "Let me run now and tell the king that God has taken revenge against his enemies for him."
2 Samuel 18:20 Joab told him, "You won't bring news today, but you will bring news another day. Today you won't bring any news, because the king's son has died."
2 Samuel 18:21 Joab said to Cushi, "Go tell the king what you have seen." Cushi bowed to Joab and ran.
2 Samuel 18:22 Ahimaaz, son of Zadok, said to Joab again, "Please, let me run after Cushi." Joab asked, "Why do you want to run, my son, when you have no news?"
2 Samuel 18:23 He said, "Please let me run." And the person told him, "Run." So Ahimaaz ran through the flat land and passed Cushi.
2 Samuel 18:24 David sat between the two gates, and the lookout went up to the roof over the gate, onto the wall, looked up, and saw a man running by himself.
2 Samuel 18:25 The guard called out and informed the king. The king said, "If he is alone, he brings news." He hurried and got closer.
2 Samuel 18:26 The guard saw another man running and called to the gatekeeper, "Look, another man is running by himself." The king said, "He too is bringing news."
2 Samuel 18:27 The lookout said, I think the way the first one runs looks like Ahimaaz, Zadok's son. And the king said, He's a good man, coming with good news.
2 Samuel 18:28 Ahimaaz called out and said to the king, "Everything is fine." He bowed to the ground before the king and said, "Praise be to God, your God, who has handed over the men who raised their hand against my king."
2 Samuel 18:29 The king asked, "Is Absalom, the young man, okay?" Ahimaaz replied, "When Joab sent the king's servant and me, your servant, I saw a big commotion, but I didn't know what it was about."
2 Samuel 18:30 The king told him, "Move over there and wait." So he moved aside and waited.
2 Samuel 18:31 Look, Cushi came and Cushi said, "News, my king: for God has punished those who were against you today."
2 Samuel 18:32 The king asked Cushi, "Is the young man Absalom okay?" Cushi replied, "May all the king's enemies and those who wish to harm you be like that young man."
2 Samuel 18:33 The king was deeply upset and walked up to the room above the gate, crying. As he walked, he said, "Oh my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom, I wish I had died instead of you, oh Absalom, my son, my son!"

2 Samuel 19:1 Someone told Joab, "Look, the king is crying and grieving for Absalom."
2 Samuel 19:2 That day, the people's victory changed to sadness because they heard that the king was greatly saddened about his son.
2 Samuel 19:3 That day, the people sneaked into the city like those who, feeling ashamed, quietly escape during a fight.
2 Samuel 19:4 The king covered his face and cried out loudly, "My son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom!"
2 Samuel 19:5 Joab went to the king's house and said, "Today you have embarrassed all your servants who have saved your life, your sons' and daughters' lives, your wives' lives, and your concubines' lives."
2 Samuel 19:6 Because you love your enemies and hate your friends, you have shown today that you care for neither leaders nor followers. Today I realize that if Absalom had survived and all of us had died, you would have been happy.
2 Samuel 19:7 Get up now, go out, and talk kindly to your servants, because I promise by God, if you don't go out, no one will stay with you tonight, and this will be worse for you than all the bad things that have happened to you since you were young until now.
2 Samuel 19:8 The king got up and sat at the gate. People told everyone, "Look, the king is sitting at the gate." All the people went to see the king, because the Israelites had all run away to their tents.
2 Samuel 19:9 All the people across Israel's tribes were arguing, saying, "The king rescued us from our enemies and saved us from the Philistines; but now he has run away from the land because of Absalom."
2 Samuel 19:10 Absalom, who we made our leader, has died in battle. So why don't you talk about bringing the king back?
2 Samuel 19:11 King David sent a message to Zadok and Abiathar, the priests, telling them, "Talk to the leaders of Judah and ask them, 'Why are you the last ones to bring the king back to his home when all of Israel is talking about it, even at his home?'"
2 Samuel 19:12 You are my brothers, you are my own flesh and bones: so why are you the last to bring back the king?
2 Samuel 19:13 Tell Amasa, aren't you my family, my own flesh and bone? May God deal with me, even worse, if you are not always the army commander instead of Joab.
2 Samuel 19:14 He made all the men of Judah agree as one; they told the king, "Come back, you and all your helpers."
2 Samuel 19:15 The king went back and arrived at the Jordan River. People from Judah went to Gilgal to meet the king and help him cross the Jordan.
2 Samuel 19:16 Shimei, Gera's son from the tribe of Benjamin, who was from Bahurim, hurried and went down with the men of Judah to meet King David.
2 Samuel 19:17 A thousand men from Benjamin were with him, along with Ziba, a servant from Saul's house, and his fifteen sons and twenty servants; they crossed the Jordan River ahead of the king.
2 Samuel 19:18 A ferry boat took the king's family across and did what he wanted. Shimei, Gera's son, bowed before the king when he crossed the Jordan.
2 Samuel 19:19 He said to the king, "Please don't blame me for doing wrong, and don't remember the bad thing I did when you, the king, left Jerusalem. Don't keep it in your mind."
2 Samuel 19:20 I, your servant, know I have sinned. That's why I am the first one from Joseph's family to meet the king today.
2 Samuel 19:21 But Abishai, Zeruiah's son, replied, "Shouldn't Shimei die for cursing God's chosen one?"
2 Samuel 19:22 David said, "What's my business with you, sons of Zeruiah? Why are you causing trouble for me today? Should anyone be killed in Israel today? Don't I know that today I am king over Israel?"
2 Samuel 19:23 So the king told Shimei, "You will not die." And the king promised him that.
2 Samuel 19:24 Mephibosheth, Saul's son, met the king without caring for his feet, cutting his beard, or washing his clothes since the king left until he returned safely.
2 Samuel 19:25 When he arrived in Jerusalem to see the king, the king asked him, "Why didn't you come with me, Mephibosheth?"
2 Samuel 19:26 He replied, "My king, my servant tricked me. I planned to saddle a donkey to ride and go to the king, because I am lame."
2 Samuel 19:27 He has lied about me to you, the king, but you, the king, are like an angel of God. So do what you think is right.
2 Samuel 19:28 Everyone in my father's family was as good as dead before you, the king, but you allowed me, your servant, to eat at your table. So, what right do I have to ask anything more from you, the king?
2 Samuel 19:29 The king said to him, "Why do you talk more about your issues? I've decided, you and Ziba will share the land."
2 Samuel 19:30 Mephibosheth told the king, "Yes, let him take everything, since you, the king, have returned home safely."
2 Samuel 19:31 Barzillai from Gilead left Rogelim and crossed the Jordan River with the king to help him get across.
2 Samuel 19:32 Barzillai was a very old man, eighty years old, and he had given the king food while he stayed at Mahanaim, because he was a very important man.
2 Samuel 19:33 The king told Barzillai, "Come with me and I will take care of you in Jerusalem."
2 Samuel 19:34 Barzillai asked the king, "How long do I have left to live that I should go with the king to Jerusalem?"
2 Samuel 19:35 I am eighty years old today: and can I tell right from wrong? Can your servant taste what I eat or drink? Can I still hear the voices of singers, both men and women? Why then should I be a burden to you, the king?
2 Samuel 19:36 I will cross the Jordan River with the king for a short distance. Why should the king give me such a reward?
2 Samuel 19:37 Please let me, your servant, go back to die in my city near my parents' graves. But let Chimham go with you, and you can do for him what you think is best.
2 Samuel 19:38 The king said, "Chimham will come with me, and I will be good to him as you wish. Whatever you ask of me, I will do for you."
2 Samuel 19:39 All the people crossed the Jordan River. When the king crossed, he kissed Barzillai and blessed him, then Barzillai went back to his home.
2 Samuel 19:40 Then the king continued to Gilgal, with Chimham going with him; all the people of Judah led the king, and also half the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 19:41 Look, all the men of Israel came to the king and asked him, "Why did our brothers, the men of Judah, secretly take you, the king, his family, and all of David's men across the Jordan river?"
2 Samuel 19:42 All the men of Judah replied to the men of Israel, "The king is related to us, so why are you angry about this? Did we eat at the king's expense, or did he give us any present?"
2 Samuel 19:43 The men of Israel responded to the men of Judah, saying, "We have ten shares in the king and a stronger claim on David than you. So why did you look down on us? Why wasn't our advice considered first in bringing back our king?" But the men of Judah's responses were harsher than those of the men of Israel.

2 Samuel 20:1 A bad man named Sheba, Bichri's son from the tribe of Benjamin, was there. He blew a trumpet and shouted, "We don't belong with David or share in Jesse's son's inheritance. Everyone go home, Israel!"
2 Samuel 20:2 Every man of Israel left David and followed Sheba, Bichri's son. But the men of Judah stayed loyal to their king, from the Jordan River to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 20:3 David returned to his home in Jerusalem; he brought the ten women - his concubines he left to look after the house - and placed them under guard, providing food for them, but he did not sleep with them. They lived in confinement until they died as widows.
2 Samuel 20:4 The king told Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah in three days and make sure you are here."
2 Samuel 20:5 So Amasa went to gather the men of Judah, but he took longer than the time he was given.
2 Samuel 20:6 David told Abishai, "Sheba, Bichri's son, will cause us more trouble than Absalom did. Take your master's men and go after him, or he'll find strong cities to hide in and slip away from us."
2 Samuel 20:7 Joab's soldiers, the Cherethites, the Pelethites, and all the strong warriors left Jerusalem to chase Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:8 When they were at the big rock in Gibeon, Amasa walked ahead. Joab wore his coat with a belt tied around it, and a sword in its sheath on his hips; as he moved, it dropped out.
2 Samuel 20:9 Joab asked Amasa, "Are you well, my brother?" Then Joab grabbed Amasa's beard with his right hand to kiss him.
2 Samuel 20:10 Amasa did not notice the sword in Joab's hand; Joab stabbed him in the side, his insides spilled out, and he did not stab him again; Amasa died. Joab and his brother Abishai chased after Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:11 One of Joab's soldiers stood there and said, "Anyone who supports Joab or is on David's side should follow Joab."
2 Samuel 20:12 Amasa was rolling in blood in the middle of the road. When the man noticed that everyone stopped, he took Amasa off the road into the field and covered him with a cloth because he saw that everyone passing by stopped.
2 Samuel 20:13 After he was moved from the road, all the people followed Joab to chase after Sheba, Bichri's son.
2 Samuel 20:14 He traveled through all Israel's tribes to Abel, Bethmaachah, and the Berite lands. They joined together and followed him.
2 Samuel 20:15 They surrounded him at Abel Bethmaachah, built a ramp against the city which reached the outer wall, and all Joab's troops attacked the wall to knock it down.
2 Samuel 20:16 A smart woman from the city shouted, "Listen, please ask Joab to come here so I can talk to him."
2 Samuel 20:17 When he got close to her, the woman asked, "Are you Joab?" He replied, "Yes, I am." Then she said to him, "Listen to what I have to say." He answered, "I am listening."
2 Samuel 20:18 Then she said, "People used to say long ago, 'They will definitely seek advice at Abel,' and that's how they settled the issue."
2 Samuel 20:19 I am one of those who are peaceful and loyal in Israel; you want to destroy a city and a mother in Israel: why do you want to consume God's heritage?
2 Samuel 20:20 Joab replied, "No, no way; I don't want to ruin or destroy anything."
2 Samuel 20:21 This isn't true: a man from the hill country of Ephraim, named Sheba son of Bichri, has turned against the king, against David. Give us just him, and I will leave the city. The woman told Joab, Look, his head will be thrown to you over the wall.
2 Samuel 20:22 The woman shared her wise plan with everyone. They beheaded Sheba, son of Bichri, and threw his head to Joab. Joab sounded the trumpet, and everyone left the city to go to their own tents. Then Joab went back to see the king in Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 20:23 Joab led all of Israel's army; Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, led the Cherethites and Pelethites.
2 Samuel 20:24 Adoram was in charge of forced labor, and Jehoshaphat, Ahilud's son, was the historian.
2 Samuel 20:25 Sheva was the secretary; Zadok and Abiathar were the priests.
2 Samuel 20:26 Ira the Jairite was also a leading official in David's service.

2 Samuel 21:1 There was a food shortage during David's time for three years in a row, and David asked God. God said, "It is because of Saul and his violent family, for he killed the Gibeonites."
2 Samuel 21:2 The king summoned the Gibeonites and spoke to them. The Gibeonites were not part of the Israelites but were leftover Amorites. The Israelites had made a promise to them, but Saul wanted to kill them to show his commitment to the Israelites and Judah.
2 Samuel 21:3 David said to the Gibeonites, "What can I do for you? And how can I make things right so you will bless God's people?"
2 Samuel 21:4 The Gibeonites told him, "We don't want any silver or gold from Saul or his family, and you shouldn't kill anyone in Israel for us." He replied, "Tell me what you want, and I'll do it for you."
2 Samuel 21:5 The people told the king, "The man who destroyed us and planned for us to be wiped out from all over Israel,"
2 Samuel 21:6 Give us seven of his sons, and we will hang them before God in Saul's town of Gibeah, whom God chose. And the king said, I will give them.
2 Samuel 21:7 The king did not harm Mephibosheth, Jonathan's son and Saul's grandson, because of the promise that David and Jonathan had made before God.
2 Samuel 21:8 The king took Rizpah's two sons, Armoni and Mephibosheth, and the five sons Michal raised for Adriel.
2 Samuel 21:9 God let the Gibeonites capture them, and they hung them on a hill before God. All seven died at the same time during the early days of the barley harvest.
2 Samuel 21:10 Rizpah, Aiah's daughter, laid a rough cloth on a rock. She kept it there from harvest start until rain fell from the sky. She did not let birds land on it during the day or wild animals at night.
2 Samuel 21:11 David was told about what Rizpah, Aiah's daughter and Saul's concubine, had done.
2 Samuel 21:12 David retrieved the bones of Saul and his son Jonathan from the people of Jabeshgilead, who had taken them from Bethshan where the Philistines hung them after killing Saul in Gilboa.
2 Samuel 21:13 He brought up the bones of Saul and his son Jonathan from there; they also gathered the bones of those who were hanged.
2 Samuel 21:14 They buried the bones of Saul and his son Jonathan in the land of Benjamin at Zelah, in the tomb of Saul's father Kish. They did everything the king ordered. After that, God answered prayers for the land.
2 Samuel 21:15 The Philistines went to war with Israel again; David and his men fought against them, and David became very tired.
2 Samuel 21:16 Ishbibenob, one of the giant's sons, had a spear that weighed three hundred shekels of brass. He wore a new sword and planned to kill David.
2 Samuel 21:17 Abishai, son of Zeruiah, helped him and struck the Philistine, killing him. Then David's men promised him, "You will not go with us to fight anymore, so you do not put out Israel's light."
2 Samuel 21:18 After this, another battle happened with the Philistines at Gob. Then Sibbechai the Hushathite killed Saph, who was one of the giant's sons.
2 Samuel 21:19 Another battle happened in Gob with the Philistines. There, Elhanan, son of Jaareoregim from Bethlehem, killed Goliath the Gittite's brother, who had a spear with a shaft like a weaver's tool.
2 Samuel 21:20 Another battle took place in Gath. There was a very tall man there who had six fingers on each hand and six toes on each foot—24 in total. He was also a descendant of the giant.
2 Samuel 21:21 When he challenged Israel, Jonathan, David's nephew and Shimeah's son, killed him.
2 Samuel 21:22 These four were born to the giant in Gath, and were killed by David and his men.

2 Samuel 22:1 David sang to God this song when God saved him from all his enemies and from Saul.
2 Samuel 22:2 He said, "God is my rock, my fortress, and my savior."
2 Samuel 22:3 God is my protector; I will trust in him: he is my shield, my strength to save me, my safe place, and my shelter, my savior; you protect me from harm.
2 Samuel 22:4 I will call on God, who deserves praise: so I will be saved from my enemies.
2 Samuel 22:5 When the waves of death surrounded me, the attacks of evil men scared me.
2 Samuel 22:6 The pains of death surrounded me; death's traps were stopping me.
2 Samuel 22:7 In my trouble, I called to God and shouted for help. He heard my voice from his place, and my call reached his ears.
2 Samuel 22:8 The earth shook and quaked; the bases of the sky trembled and moved because God was angry.
2 Samuel 22:9 Smoke rose from his nose, and fire from his mouth consumed; coals blazed from it.
2 Samuel 22:10 He bent the skies and came down; darkness was under his feet.
2 Samuel 22:11 He rode on a cherub and flew; he appeared on the wings of the wind.
2 Samuel 22:12 He made dark shelters around him, with dark waters and heavy clouds in the sky.
2 Samuel 22:13 Bright light from God made coals of fire start burning.
2 Samuel 22:14 God thundered from heaven, and the highest one spoke aloud.
2 Samuel 22:15 He shot arrows and spread them out; he sent lightning and confused them.
2 Samuel 22:16 The paths of the sea were shown, the base of the earth was uncovered, when God scolded, with the strong wind from his nose.
2 Samuel 22:17 He reached down from on high and took hold of me; he pulled me out of deep waters.
2 Samuel 22:18 God saved me from my powerful enemy and from those who hated me because they were too strong for me.
2 Samuel 22:19 They stopped me when I was in trouble, but God supported me.
2 Samuel 22:20 God brought me out into a spacious place; he freed me because he was pleased with me.
2 Samuel 22:21 God rewarded me for doing right; he repaid me because my hands were clean.
2 Samuel 22:22 I have followed God's paths and have not turned away from my God to do wrong.
2 Samuel 22:23 I kept all God's rules in mind, and I did not turn away from his laws.
2 Samuel 22:24 I was also honest before God, and I have kept myself from doing wrong.
2 Samuel 22:25 So God has rewarded me for doing right; He has seen my clean actions.
2 Samuel 22:26 You are kind to those who are kind, and you are good to those who are good.
2 Samuel 22:27 You are pure to those who are pure, but you seem not good to those who are not good.
2 Samuel 22:28 You will save those who are suffering, but you are watching the proud, to bring them down.
2 Samuel 22:29 You are my light, God, and God will brighten my darkness.
2 Samuel 22:30 With your help, I have charged through an army; with my God, I have jumped over a wall.
2 Samuel 22:31 God's way is perfect; his word is proven; he protects all who trust in him.
2 Samuel 22:32 Who is God besides the LORD? Who is strong like our God?
2 Samuel 22:33 God is my strength and power, and he makes my path perfect.
2 Samuel 22:34 He makes my feet as sure as a deer's: and places me on high ground.
2 Samuel 22:35 He teaches my hands to fight; so that my arms can break a steel bow.
2 Samuel 22:36 You have given me the shield of your salvation, and your kindness has made me strong.
2 Samuel 22:37 You have made my steps wide beneath me; so my feet did not slide.
2 Samuel 22:38 I chased my enemies and defeated them; I did not stop until I had completely beaten them.
2 Samuel 22:39 I have destroyed them and injured them so they could not get up; yes, they have fallen beneath my feet.
2 Samuel 22:40 You have given me strength to fight; you have made those who attacked me fall under my control.
2 Samuel 22:41 You have also let me defeat my enemies and destroy those who hate me.
2 Samuel 22:42 They looked for help, but no one could save them; they even cried to God, but he did not respond.
2 Samuel 22:43 I crushed them into dust on the ground, stomped them into mud on the street, and scattered them everywhere.
2 Samuel 22:44 You have also saved me from my people's conflicts and kept me as the leader of nations; people I didn't know will serve me.
2 Samuel 22:45 Foreigners will come to me and obey as soon as they hear me.
2 Samuel 22:46 Foreigners will grow weak and be scared from their hiding spots.
2 Samuel 22:47 God lives; praise to my rock; and may the God who saves me be lifted high.
2 Samuel 22:48 God avenges me and makes other people submit to me.
2 Samuel 22:49 You lead me away from my enemies; you lift me up above my opponents; you save me from violent people.
2 Samuel 22:50 So I will thank you, God, among the nations, and sing praises to your name.
2 Samuel 22:51 He is the saving tower for his king and shows kindness to his chosen one, David, and his descendants forever.

2 Samuel 23:1 These are the final words of David. David, Jesse's son, spoke, the man lifted up, chosen by the God of Jacob, and Israel's beloved song writer, said.
2 Samuel 23:2 God's Spirit spoke through me, and His words were on my tongue.
2 Samuel 23:3 The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spoke to me: Whoever leads people must be fair, leading with respect for God.
2 Samuel 23:4 He will be like the light of dawn when the sun rises, on a cloudless morning; like fresh grass growing from the ground when the sun shines brightly after rain.
2 Samuel 23:5 Even though my family is not close to God, He has made a lasting agreement with me, well-planned and certain; this is all that saves me and all I want, even though He doesn't make it prosper.
2 Samuel 23:6 The wicked will all be like thorns pushed aside, because they cannot be picked up with hands.
2 Samuel 23:7 Anyone who touches them must be armed with iron and a spear's shaft; they will be completely burned with fire right there.
2 Samuel 23:8 These are the names of David's strong warriors: The leader is the Tachmonite, who sat in the main chair, was Adino the Eznite. He raised his spear and beat eight hundred enemies at once.
2 Samuel 23:9 After him came Eleazar, son of Dodo the Ahohite. He was one of David's three brave warriors. He stood up to the Philistines gathered for battle when the Israelites had retreated.
2 Samuel 23:10 He got up, fought the Philistines until his hand got tired, and his hand stuck to the sword. God gave a great victory that day, and the people followed him just to take things from the defeated.
2 Samuel 23:11 After him came Shammah, Agee the Hararite's son. The Philistines grouped into a force at a field of lentils, but the people ran away from the Philistines.
2 Samuel 23:12 He stood in the middle of the field, defended it, killed the Philistines, and God gave a great victory.
2 Samuel 23:13 Three of the top thirty soldiers went to see David at Adullam cave during harvest time, while the Philistine army camped in Rephaim Valley.
2 Samuel 23:14 David was in a stronghold, and the Philistines' fort was in Bethlehem at that time.
2 Samuel 23:15 David wished and said, "I want someone to bring me water from the Bethlehem well near the gate!"
2 Samuel 23:16 The three strong men fought through the Philistine army, and got water from the Bethlehem well near the gate, and brought it to David. But he wouldn't drink it and instead poured it out to God.
2 Samuel 23:17 He said, "I could never do this, God! Isn't this the blood of the men who risked their lives?" So he refused to drink it. This is what the three brave men did.
2 Samuel 23:18 Abishai, Joab's brother and Zeruiah's son, was the leader of the three. He raised his spear against three hundred and killed them, earning fame among the three.
2 Samuel 23:19 Wasn't he the most respected of the three? So he became their leader, but he did not reach the level of the top three.
2 Samuel 23:20 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada and a brave man from Kabzeel, did many brave things. He killed two strong Moabite warriors and also killed a lion in a pit on a snowy day.
2 Samuel 23:21 He killed an Egyptian, a handsome man. The Egyptian carried a spear, but he confronted him with only a stick, took the spear from the Egyptian, and killed him with it.
2 Samuel 23:22 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, did these things and was famous among the three mighty men.
2 Samuel 23:23 He was more respected than the thirty, but he did not reach the level of the top three. David made him the leader of his bodyguards.
2 Samuel 23:24 Asahel, Joab's brother, was one of the thirty; Elhanan, the son of Dodo from Bethlehem.
2 Samuel 23:25 Shammah from Harod, Elika from Harod,
2 Samuel 23:26 Helez from Palti, Ira the son of Ikkesh from Tekoa,
2 Samuel 23:27 Abiezer from Anathoth, Mebunnai the Hushathite,
2 Samuel 23:28 Zalmon from Ahoah, Maharai from Netophah,
2 Samuel 23:29 Heleb, Baanah's son, from Netophah; Ittai, Ribai's son, from Gibeah in Benjamin.
2 Samuel 23:30 Benaiah from Pirathon, Hiddai from the Gaash valleys,
2 Samuel 23:31 Abialbon from Arbath, Azmaveth from Barhum,
2 Samuel 23:32 Eliahba from Shaalbim, a son of Jashen, Jonathan,
2 Samuel 23:33 Shammah from Harar, Ahiam, son of Sharar from Harar,
2 Samuel 23:34 Eliphelet, Ahasbai's son, from Maachah, and Eliam, Ahithophel's son, from Gilo.
2 Samuel 23:35 Hezrai from Carmel, Paarai from Arab.
2 Samuel 23:36 Igal, Nathan's son from Zobah, and Bani from Gad,
2 Samuel 23:37 Zelek from Ammon, Naharai from Beeroth, Joab's son of Zeruiah's armor carrier,
2 Samuel 23:38 Ira from Ithra, Gareb from Ithra,
2 Samuel 23:39 Uriah the Hittite: thirty-seven total.

2 Samuel 24:1 God became angry with Israel again, and he influenced David to count the people of Israel and Judah.
2 Samuel 24:2 The king told Joab, the army commander with him, "Go through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, and count the people, so I can know how many there are."
2 Samuel 24:3 Joab said to the king, "May God increase your people a hundred times over, and may you, the king, see it. But why do you, the king, want this?"
2 Samuel 24:4 Despite what the king commanded, Joab and the army leaders went out to count the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 24:5 They crossed the Jordan River and camped in Aroer, to the east of the city by the Gad River, near Jazer.
2 Samuel 24:6 They went to Gilead and the land of Tahtimhodshi, then to Danjaan, and near Zidon.
2 Samuel 24:7 They reached the fortress of Tyre and the cities of the Hivites and Canaanites, then moved south towards Judah, as far as Beersheba.
2 Samuel 24:8 After exploring the whole land for nine months and twenty days, they arrived in Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 24:9 Joab told the king the total number of people, and there were 800,000 brave men with swords in Israel; and 500,000 men in Judah.
2 Samuel 24:10 David felt guilty after he counted the people. David told God, "I have sinned a lot by doing this. Now, I ask you, God, please forgive your servant's wrongdoing, for I have been very foolish."
2 Samuel 24:11 When David got up in the morning, God's message came to the prophet Gad, David's advisor, saying,
2 Samuel 24:12 Go and tell David, God says, I give you three choices; pick one, so I can do it for you.
2 Samuel 24:13 Gad went to David, told him, and asked, "Do you want seven years of hunger in your land, or to run away for three months from your enemies chasing you, or to have three days of disease in your land? Think about it and tell me what reply I should give to the one who sent me."
2 Samuel 24:14 David said to Gad, "I am in big trouble. Let's surrender to God because he is very merciful, and I don't want to be captured by people."
2 Samuel 24:15 God sent a disease on Israel from morning until the set time, and 70,000 men died from Dan to Beersheba.
2 Samuel 24:16 When the angel reached out to destroy Jerusalem, God changed his mind about the harm, and told the angel killing the people, "That's enough, stop now." The angel of God was at the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite.
2 Samuel 24:17 David spoke to God when he saw the angel striking the people and said, "I have sinned, and I have done wrong; but these sheep, what have they done? Please let your punishment be on me and my family."
2 Samuel 24:18 Gad went to David that day and told him, "Go, build an altar to God on Araunah the Jebusite's threshing floor."
2 Samuel 24:19 David went up as God had ordered, following Gad's advice.
2 Samuel 24:20 Araunah saw the king and his helpers coming toward him, so Araunah went out and bowed down with his face to the ground before the king.
2 Samuel 24:21 Araunah asked, "Why has the king come to his servant?" David replied, "To buy your threshing floor to make an altar for God, so the sickness can be stopped from hurting the people."
2 Samuel 24:22 Araunah said to David, "Let the king choose and give whatever he wants: see, there are oxen for burning as a sacrifice, and tools for threshing and wood from the oxen equipment."
2 Samuel 24:23 Araunah gave all these things to the king like a king would, and said to the king, "May God accept you."
2 Samuel 24:24 The king told Araunah, "No, I will definitely buy it from you at a fair price; I won't give burnt offerings to God that cost me nothing." So David bought the threshing floor and the oxen for fifty pieces of silver.
2 Samuel 24:25 David built an altar to God there, and gave burnt and peace offerings. So God listened concerning the land, and the plague stopped in Israel.

1 Kings 1:1 King David was old and very weak; they put clothes on him, but he could not get warm.
1 Kings 1:2 So his servants told him, "Let's find a young woman for our king. She will take care of him, lie close to him, and keep him warm."
1 Kings 1:3 They looked for a beautiful young woman all over Israel, found Abishag from Shunem, and took her to the king.
1 Kings 1:4 The young woman was very beautiful, took care of the king, and served him, but the king did not have intimate relations with her.
1 Kings 1:5 Adonijah, Haggith's son, boasted, "I will become king." He organized chariots, riders, and fifty people to run ahead of him.
1 Kings 1:6 His father never asked him why he acted that way and never made him unhappy. He was also very handsome, and he was born to his mother after Absalom.
1 Kings 1:7 He talked with Joab, Zeruiah's son, and Abiathar the priest; they supported Adonijah and helped him.
1 Kings 1:8 But Zadok the priest, Benaiah son of Jehoiada, Nathan the prophet, Shimei, Rei, and David's strong soldiers did not support Adonijah.
1 Kings 1:9 Adonijah killed sheep, oxen, and well-fed cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, near Enrogel, and invited all his brothers, the king's sons, and all the men of Judah who served the king.
1 Kings 1:10 Nathan the prophet, Benaiah, the strong soldiers, and Solomon his brother were not called by him.
1 Kings 1:11 So Nathan said to Bathsheba, Solomon's mother, "Have you heard that Adonijah, Haggith's son, has become king and David doesn't know about it?"
1 Kings 1:12 Now, please come so I can give you advice to save your life and your son Solomon's life.
1 Kings 1:13 Go to King David and ask him, "Didn't you, my lord the king, promise me that your son Solomon would be king after you and would sit on your throne? Why is Adonijah the king now?"
1 Kings 1:14 Look, while you are still talking to the king, I will come in after you and back up what you say.
1 Kings 1:15 Bathsheba entered the king's room, and the king was very old; Abishag from Shunem served the king.
1 Kings 1:16 Bathsheba bowed down to the king, and the king asked, "What do you want?"
1 Kings 1:17 She said to him, "Sir, you promised by God to your servant, 'Certainly, Solomon your son will be king after me, and he will sit on my throne.'"
1 Kings 1:18 Now, Adonijah has become king, and you, my king, do not know about it.
1 Kings 1:19 He has killed many oxen, fat cows, and sheep, and invited all the king's sons, the priest Abiathar, and army commander Joab, but he did not invite your servant Solomon.
1 Kings 1:20 And you, my king, all Israel is watching you, expecting you to say who will take your place as king after you.
1 Kings 1:21 If not, when the king, my lord, dies and joins his ancestors, my son Solomon and I will be treated as criminals.
1 Kings 1:22 While she was still talking to the king, the prophet Nathan arrived.
1 Kings 1:23 They told the king, "Look, here is the prophet Nathan." And when Nathan came in, he bowed down to the king with his face to the ground.
1 Kings 1:24 Nathan said, My lord, the king, have you said that Adonijah will be king after me and sit on my throne?
1 Kings 1:25 Today he went down and killed many oxen, fat cows, and sheep. He invited all the king's sons, the army commanders, and the priest Abiathar. They are eating and drinking with him and shouting, "Long live King Adonijah!"
1 Kings 1:26 But me, your servant, and Zadok the priest, Benaiah son of Jehoiada, and your servant Solomon, he did not call.
1 Kings 1:27 Did the king do this without telling me, who will sit on the throne after him?
1 Kings 1:28 King David replied, "Bring me Bathsheba." She came to see the king and stood in front of him.
1 Kings 1:29 The king promised and said, "As God lives, who has saved me from all trouble,"
1 Kings 1:30 Just as I promised you by the God of Israel, saying, 'Solomon your son will become king after me, and he will sit on my throne in my place,' so I will definitely do today.
1 Kings 1:31 Then Bathsheba knelt down, touched her forehead to the ground, showed deep respect to the king, and said, "May my king, David, live forever."
1 Kings 1:32 King David said, "Get Zadok the priest, Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah, Jehoiada's son." They came to the king.
1 Kings 1:33 The king also told them, "Bring your lord's servants with you and have my son Solomon ride on my own mule, then take him to Gihon."
1 Kings 1:34 Let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet make him king over Israel there; blow the trumpet and say, "May God protect King Solomon."
1 Kings 1:35 Then you will follow him, so he can come and sit on my throne; he will be king instead of me, and I have chosen him to rule over Israel and Judah.
1 Kings 1:36 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, replied to the king, "Yes, may God, the God of my king, agree."
1 Kings 1:37 Just as God was with you, the king, may he also be with Solomon and make his rule even greater than your rule, King David.
1 Kings 1:38 So Zadok the priest, Nathan the prophet, Benaiah son of Jehoiada, the Cherethites, and the Pelethites went down and made Solomon ride on King David's mule and took him to Gihon.
1 Kings 1:39 Priest Zadok took a horn of oil from the tent and put it on Solomon. They sounded the trumpet; and everyone said, May God protect King Solomon.
1 Kings 1:40 Everyone followed him, playing flutes and celebrating so loudly that the sound seemed to shake the ground.
1 Kings 1:41 Adonijah and all his guests heard it when they finished eating. When Joab heard the trumpet, he asked, "Why does the city sound so noisy and upset?"
1 Kings 1:42 While he was still talking, Jonathan, the son of Priest Abiathar, arrived; Adonijah said to him, "Come in, for you are a brave man and bring good news."
1 Kings 1:43 Jonathan replied to Adonijah, "Truly, our king David has made Solomon the king."
1 Kings 1:44 The king sent Zadok the priest, Nathan the prophet, Benaiah son of Jehoiada, the Cherethites, and the Pelethites with him, and they made him ride the king's mule.
1 Kings 1:45 Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet made him king at Gihon. They came up from there happy, and their joy filled the city. This is the sound you heard.
1 Kings 1:46 Solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom.
1 Kings 1:47 The king's helpers came to bless our lord King David, saying, "May God make Solomon's name greater than yours, and his throne greater than your throne." Then the king bowed on the bed.
1 Kings 1:48 The king also said, "Praise be to God of Israel, who has given someone to sit on my throne today, while I can still see it."
1 Kings 1:49 All the guests with Adonijah became scared, stood up, and each went their own way.
1 Kings 1:50 Adonijah was afraid of Solomon, so he got up, went and grabbed the corners of the altar.
1 Kings 1:51 Someone told Solomon, "Look, Adonijah is afraid of King Solomon. See, he is holding onto the altar horns and says, 'King Solomon must promise me today that he will not kill his servant with a sword.'"
1 Kings 1:52 Solomon said, "If he acts like a good man, not a single hair from his head will fall to the ground. But if he is found to be wicked, he will die."
1 Kings 1:53 King Solomon sent for him, and they took him from the altar. He came and bowed down to King Solomon, and Solomon told him, "Go to your home."

1 Kings 2:1 David's time to die was near, so he told his son Solomon,
1 Kings 2:2 I am going the same way everyone on earth goes: so be strong and act like a man.
1 Kings 2:3 Follow God's instructions, live by his rules, follow his commands, decisions, and teachings as written by Moses, so you may succeed in everything you do and wherever you go.
1 Kings 2:4 God will keep his promise to me, saying, "If your children pay attention to their behavior and live truthfully with all their heart and soul, you will always have a descendant to rule over Israel."
1 Kings 2:5 You also know what Joab, son of Zeruiah, did to me and what he did to the two leaders of Israel's armies, to Abner, Ner's son, and to Amasa, Jether's son. He killed them and spilt blood as if at war even though it was peacetime. He stained his belt around his waist and his shoes on his feet with their blood.
1 Kings 2:6 So use your wisdom and don't let him die peacefully in old age.
1 Kings 2:7 Show kindness to Barzillai of Gilead's sons and let them eat at your table because they helped me when I ran away from your brother Absalom.
1 Kings 2:8 Look, you have with you Shimei, son of Gera, from the tribe of Benjamin in Bahurim. He cursed me terribly on the day I went to Mahanaim. But he later met me at the Jordan River, and I promised him in God's name, I would not kill him with the sword.
1 Kings 2:9 So now, don't consider him innocent: you're a smart man, you know what you should do to him; make sure he goes to his grave covered in blood.
1 Kings 2:10 David died and was buried in the city of David.
1 Kings 2:11 David ruled over Israel for forty years: seven years in Hebron and thirty-three years in Jerusalem.
1 Kings 2:12 Solomon sat on his father David's throne, and his reign became very strong.
1 Kings 2:13 Adonijah, Haggith's son, went to Bathsheba, Solomon's mother. She asked, "Do you come in peace?" He replied, "Yes, in peace."
1 Kings 2:14 He also said, "I have something to tell you." And she replied, "Go ahead."
1 Kings 2:15 He said, "You know I was supposed to be king, and all Israel looked to me to rule. But now, the kingdom has gone to my brother, because God gave it to him."
1 Kings 2:16 I am asking you for one favor, please don't refuse me. She said to him, Go ahead.
1 Kings 2:17 He said, "Please talk to King Solomon (he won't refuse you) and ask him to let me marry Abishag the Shunammite."
1 Kings 2:18 Bathsheba said, "Okay; I will talk to the king for you."
1 Kings 2:19 Bathsheba went to King Solomon to talk about Adonijah. The king stood up to greet her, bowed to her, sat on his throne, and had a chair placed for his mother; she sat at his right side.
1 Kings 2:20 She said, "I have one small request; please don't say no to me." And the king answered, "Go ahead, my mother, for I will not refuse you."
1 Kings 2:21 She said, "Let Abishag from Shunem be given to your brother Adonijah as his wife."
1 Kings 2:22 King Solomon answered his mother, "Why do you request Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah? You might as well ask for the kingdom for him since he's my older brother. And not just for him, but also for Abiathar the priest and Joab, son of Zeruiah.
1 Kings 2:23 King Solomon swore by God, "May God do the same to me, and even more, if Adonijah hasn't said this and put his own life at risk."
1 Kings 2:24 So now, because God is alive, who made me king and put me on my father David's throne, and has given me a home as he promised, Adonijah will be killed today.
1 Kings 2:25 King Solomon sent Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, who attacked and killed him.
1 Kings 2:26 The king said to Abiathar the priest, "Go to your lands in Anathoth, because you deserve to die. But I won't kill you now because you carried God's ark before my father David and suffered where he suffered."
1 Kings 2:27 Solomon removed Abiathar from being a priest for God; this fulfilled what God had said about Eli's family in Shiloh.
1 Kings 2:28 News reached Joab because he had supported Adonijah but not Absalom. Joab ran to God's tent and grabbed the corners of the altar.
1 Kings 2:29 Someone told King Solomon that Joab ran away to God's tent and is now by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, with the order: Go and kill him.
1 Kings 2:30 Benaiah went to God's tent and told him, "The king says, 'Come out.'" But he replied, "No, I'll die here." Then Benaiah told the king what Joab had said and how he responded.
1 Kings 2:31 The king said to him, "Do what he told you, attack him and bury him. This will remove the guilt of the innocent blood Joab spilled from me and my father's family."
1 Kings 2:32 God will make him responsible for the blood he shed. He attacked and killed two men who were more good and fair than himself without my father David knowing it: Abner, Ner's son and leader of Israel's army, and Amasa, Jether's son and leader of Judah's army.
1 Kings 2:33 Joab and his descendants will always be punished for the bloodshed, but David, his descendants, his family, and his throne will have eternal peace from God.
1 Kings 2:34 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, went up, attacked him, and killed him. He was buried in his own home in the wilderness.
1 Kings 2:35 The king placed Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, in charge of the army, and Zadok the priest took Abiathar's position.
1 Kings 2:36 The king sent for Shimei and told him, "Build yourself a house in Jerusalem, live there, and do not go anywhere else."
1 Kings 2:37 On the day you leave and cross Kidron Valley, you will know for sure that you will die; your own actions will be the cause.
1 Kings 2:38 Shimei said to the king, "The words are good: as you, the king, have said, so I, your servant, will do." And Shimei lived in Jerusalem for many days.
1 Kings 2:39 After three years, two of Shimei's servants escaped to Achish, Maachah's son, the king of Gath. They informed Shimei, "Look, your servants are in Gath."
1 Kings 2:40 Shimei got up, put a saddle on his donkey, and went to Gath to see Achish to find his servants. Then Shimei went and brought his servants back from Gath.
1 Kings 2:41 Someone told Solomon that Shimei had left Jerusalem for Gath and had returned.
1 Kings 2:42 The king summoned Shimei and said to him, "Didn't I make you promise by God and warn you, saying, 'Be sure of this: the day you leave and go anywhere, you will certainly die'? And you said to me, 'What you said is good.'"
1 Kings 2:43 Why didn't you keep the promise to God and follow the command I gave you?
1 Kings 2:44 The king also told Shimei, "You know all the wrong you kept secret in your heart that you did to my father David. So, God will make sure your wrongs come back on you."
1 Kings 2:45 King Solomon will be blessed, and David's throne will be set up for all time in God's presence.
1 Kings 2:46 The king told Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, to kill him, and he did. So Solomon's rule was made secure.

1 Kings 3:1 Solomon formed an alliance with Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and married Pharaoh's daughter. He brought her to the city of David until he finished building his palace, God's house, and the wall around Jerusalem.
1 Kings 3:2 People offered sacrifices on high places because no house for God's name had been built at that time.
1 Kings 3:3 Solomon loved God and followed his father David's laws, but he also offered sacrifices and burned incense on high hills.
1 Kings 3:4 The king went to Gibeon to make sacrifices, because that was the most important worship place. Solomon gave a thousand burnt offerings on that altar.
1 Kings 3:5 In Gibeon, God appeared to Solomon in a dream at night and said, "Ask for whatever you want me to give you."
1 Kings 3:6 Solomon said, "You have shown great kindness to your servant, my father David, because he lived honestly and rightly, and was true-hearted with you; and you have kept this kindness for him by giving him a son to take his place as king, just like today."
1 Kings 3:7 God, you have made me king after my father David, but I am like a little child and do not know how to lead.
1 Kings 3:8 Your servant is among your chosen people, a great number that can't be counted.
1 Kings 3:9 Give me, your servant, a wise heart to govern your people and to know right from wrong, for who can govern this great people of yours?
1 Kings 3:10 God was happy that Solomon asked for this.
1 Kings 3:11 God said to him, because you asked for this, and did not ask for a long life, nor for wealth, nor for the death of your enemies, but for understanding to make the right decisions;
1 Kings 3:12 Look, I did what you asked for: I gave you a wise and understanding heart. There has been no one like you before, and there will be no one like you after.
1 Kings 3:13 I have also given you what you did not ask for—wealth and honor—so no king will be like you all your life.
1 Kings 3:14 If you follow my ways, obey my laws and commands, like your father David did, I will make your life longer.
1 Kings 3:15 Solomon woke up and realized it was a dream. He went to Jerusalem, stood in front of God's covenant chest, gave burnt offerings and peace offerings, and threw a big dinner for all his workers.
1 Kings 3:16 Two women who were prostitutes came to the king and stood before him.
1 Kings 3:17 One woman said, "Oh sir, this woman and I live in the same house, and I gave birth to a baby while she was there."
1 Kings 3:18 Three days after I gave birth, this woman also had her baby. We were alone in the house; just the two of us, with no one else there.
1 Kings 3:19 This woman's baby died at night because she lay on it too much.
1 Kings 3:20 She got up at midnight, took my son while I, your servant, was sleeping, placed him in her arms, and put her dead baby in my arms.
1 Kings 3:21 When I got up in the morning to feed my baby, I saw it was dead. But when I looked closely later, I saw it wasn't the son I had given birth to.
1 Kings 3:22 The other woman said, "No, the living child is mine and the dead one is yours." The first woman insisted, "No, the dead child is yours and the living child is mine." This is how they argued before the king.
1 Kings 3:23 Then the king said, "One woman claims, 'This living boy is mine, and your son is dead,' while the other says, 'No, your son is dead, and mine is alive.'"
1 Kings 3:24 The king said, "Bring me a sword." So they brought a sword to the king.
1 Kings 3:25 The king said, "Cut the living child in two, and give half to one and half to the other."
1 Kings 3:26 The woman with the living baby spoke to the king because she deeply cared for her son and begged, "Please, sir, give her the living baby, don't kill it." But the other woman said, "It should belong to neither of us. Cut it in two."
1 Kings 3:27 The king replied, "Give her the baby that's alive, do not kill it; she's its mother."
1 Kings 3:28 All of Israel heard about the king's decision and they respected the king because they realized God's wisdom was with him to make fair decisions.

1 Kings 4:1 King Solomon ruled over all Israel.
1 Kings 4:2 God had leaders. Azariah, son of Zadok the priest, was one of them.
1 Kings 4:3 Elihoreph and Ahiah, Shisha's sons, were secretaries; Jehoshaphat, Ahilud's son, was the historian.
1 Kings 4:4 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, led the army; Zadok and Abiathar were the priests.
1 Kings 4:5 Azariah, Nathan's son, was in charge of the officers, and Zabud, Nathan's son, was the chief officer and the king's friend.
1 Kings 4:6 Ahishar was in charge of the household, and Adoniram, Abda's son, was responsible for collecting taxes.
1 Kings 4:7 Solomon had twelve officers for all of Israel, who supplied food for the king and his household. Each one took a month per year to provide.
1 Kings 4:8 Their names are: Hur's son, in the Ephraim hills:
1 Kings 4:9 Dekar's son was over Makaz, Shaalbim, Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan.
1 Kings 4:10 Hesed's son was in charge of Aruboth; he also controlled Sochoh and the entire area of Hepher.
1 Kings 4:11 Abinadab's son, who was in charge of the Dor area, was married to Taphath, Solomon's daughter.
1 Kings 4:12 Baana, Ahilud's son, was responsible for Taanach, Megiddo, and all of Bethshean near Zartanah below Jezreel, stretching from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, and up to the area past Jokneam.
1 Kings 4:13 Geber's son was in charge of Ramoth in Gilead and the towns of Jair, Manasseh's son, which are in Gilead. He also controlled the area of Argob in Bashan with sixty big cities that have walls and bronze gates.
1 Kings 4:14 Ahinadab, Iddo's son, was in charge of Mahanaim.
1 Kings 4:15 Ahimaaz lived in Naphtali and married Basmath, Solomon's daughter.
1 Kings 4:16 Baanah, Hushai's son, was in Asher and Aloth.
1 Kings 4:17 Jehoshaphat, Paruah's son, was in Issachar.
1 Kings 4:18 Shimei, son of Elah, was from the tribe of Benjamin.
1 Kings 4:19 Geber, Uri's son, was in Gilead, Sihon the Amorite king's land, and Og the Bashan king's land; he was the only official there.
1 Kings 4:20 Judah and Israel had many people, like the sand by the sea, eating, drinking, and being happy.
1 Kings 4:21 Solomon ruled over all kingdoms from the river to the Philistine lands, and to Egypt's border: they gave gifts and served Solomon all his life.
1 Kings 4:22 Solomon's daily food supply was thirty measures of fine flour and sixty measures of grain.
1 Kings 4:23 Ten fat oxen, twenty oxen from the fields, and a hundred sheep, plus deer, roebucks, fallow deer, and fat birds.
1 Kings 4:24 He ruled over all the area by the river, from Tiphsah to Azzah, over all the kings by the river, and he had peace all around him.
1 Kings 4:25 Judah and Israel lived in safety, each person under their own vine and fig tree, from Dan to Beersheba, during all of Solomon's time.
1 Kings 4:26 Solomon had 40,000 stalls for his chariot horses and 12,000 riders.
1 Kings 4:27 Those officers supplied food for King Solomon and for everyone who came to King Solomon's table, every man during his month; they were missing nothing.
1 Kings 4:28 They brought barley and straw to the place where the officers were for the horses and camels, each person according to their responsibility.
1 Kings 4:29 God gave Solomon great wisdom, deep understanding, and a big heart, as many as the sands on the seashore.
1 Kings 4:30 Solomon's wisdom was greater than the wisdom of everyone in the eastern lands and all the wisdom of Egypt.
1 Kings 4:31 He was smarter than everyone; smarter than Ethan the Ezrahite, Heman, Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and people everywhere knew about him.
1 Kings 4:32 He spoke three thousand wise sayings, and he had one thousand and five songs.
1 Kings 4:33 He talked about trees, from the tall cedars of Lebanon to the small hyssop plants that grow in walls. He also talked about animals, birds, crawling creatures, and fish.
1 Kings 4:34 People from everywhere came to hear Solomon's wisdom, including all the kings of the earth who had heard about it.

1 Kings 5:1 Hiram, the king of Tyre, sent his servants to Solomon because he heard they had made him king after his father. Hiram always loved David.
1 Kings 5:2 Solomon sent a message to Hiram, saying,
1 Kings 5:3 You know my father David couldn't build a house for God because of the constant wars around him, until God defeated his enemies.
1 Kings 5:4 But now God has given me peace everywhere, with no enemy or bad things happening.
1 Kings 5:5 Look, I plan to build a house for the name of God, as God told my father David, saying, "Your son, who I will put on your throne after you, will build a house for my name."
1 Kings 5:6 So now, tell them to cut cedar trees from Lebanon for me; my workers will work with yours: and I will pay your workers as you decide: because you know we have no one who can cut wood like the Sidonians.
1 Kings 5:7 When Hiram heard Solomon's words, he was very happy and said, "Praise God today, for giving David a wise son to lead this great nation."
1 Kings 5:8 Hiram sent a message to Solomon, saying, "I have thought about what you asked me for, and I will do everything you want with the cedar and fir wood."
1 Kings 5:9 My workers will bring them from Lebanon to the sea, and I'll transport them by sea on rafts to the place you choose for me. There, I'll unload them, and you'll pick them up. You'll fulfill my wish by providing food for my family.
1 Kings 5:10 Hiram gave Solomon all the cedar and fir trees he wanted.
1 Kings 5:11 Solomon gave Hiram 20,000 measures of wheat for his family's food and 20 measures of pure oil. Solomon did this for Hiram every year.
1 Kings 5:12 God gave Solomon wisdom as promised, and there was peace between Hiram and Solomon; they both formed a partnership.
1 Kings 5:13 King Solomon gathered workers from all Israel; there were thirty thousand men.
1 Kings 5:14 He sent them to Lebanon in groups of ten thousand each month: they spent one month in Lebanon and two months at home. Adoniram was in charge of them.
1 Kings 5:15 Solomon had seventy thousand carriers and eighty thousand stonecutters in the mountains.
1 Kings 5:16 In addition to Solomon's main officers in charge of the work, there were 3,300 supervisors managing the workers.
1 Kings 5:17 The king ordered them to bring large, expensive cut stones to lay the house's foundation.
1 Kings 5:18 Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders cut the stones, and the stonecutters helped. They got wood and stones ready to build the house.

1 Kings 6:1 In the year 480 after the Israelites left Egypt, during the fourth year of Solomon's rule over Israel in the month of Zif, which is the second month, he started to build God's house.
1 Kings 6:2 The temple that King Solomon built for God was 60 cubits long, 20 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high.
1 Kings 6:3 The entrance hall in front of the temple was 20 cubits long, the same width as the building, and it was 10 cubits wide in front of the building.
1 Kings 6:4 He made windows with thin openings for the house.
1 Kings 6:5 He built rooms along the wall of the house, surrounding the temple and the inner sanctuary, and he added rooms around the outside.
1 Kings 6:6 The lowest room was five cubits wide, the middle one was six cubits wide, and the top one was seven cubits wide. On the outside of the house wall, he made ledges all around so that the beams would not need to be set into the walls of the house.
1 Kings 6:7 The house, during construction, was made from stone prepared beforehand, so no sound of hammer, axe, or any iron tool was heard at the building site.
1 Kings 6:8 The entrance to the middle room was on the right side of the house. They went up through spiral stairs to the middle room, and from there to the third room.
1 Kings 6:9 He built the house, finished it, and covered it with cedar beams and planks.
1 Kings 6:10 He then built rooms all around the house, five cubits tall, and they were supported by cedar wood beams on the house.
1 Kings 6:11 God's message came to Solomon, saying,
1 Kings 6:12 About this house you are building, if you follow my rules, carry out my decisions, and obey all my commands, then I will keep the promise I made to your father David.
1 Kings 6:13 I will live among the people of Israel and will not abandon them.
1 Kings 6:14 Solomon built the house and completed it.
1 Kings 6:15 He built the inside walls of the house with cedar boards, from the floor to the ceiling. He lined the interior with wood and used fir planks for the house's floor.
1 Kings 6:16 He made a twenty-cubit section at the end of the temple, with cedar boards from floor to walls. He built this inner space for the Sanctuary, the Most Holy Place.
1 Kings 6:17 The temple, the main part in front, was forty cubits long.
1 Kings 6:18 The inside of the house was decorated with carved bumps and open flowers; it was all made of cedar wood, and no stone was visible.
1 Kings 6:19 He made a special place inside the house for the ark of God's covenant.
1 Kings 6:20 The inner sanctuary was twenty cubits long, twenty cubits wide, and twenty cubits high. It was covered with pure gold, and the cedar altar was also covered with gold.
1 Kings 6:21 Solomon covered the inside of the temple with pure gold. He put a gold chain barrier in front of the most holy place and covered that with gold too.
1 Kings 6:22 He covered the whole house and the altar near the sacred room with gold until everything was finished.
1 Kings 6:23 Inside the holy place, he made two angels out of olive wood, each fifteen feet tall.
1 Kings 6:24 One wing of the angel was five units long, and the other wing was also five units long; the total span from the tip of one wing to the tip of the other was ten units.
1 Kings 6:25 The other angel was ten units long; both angels were the same size and shape.
1 Kings 6:26 One cherub was ten cubits tall, and the other cherub was also this tall.
1 Kings 6:27 He placed the cherubim inside the inner room, and they spread out their wings. One cherub's wing touched one wall and the other cherub's wing touched the other wall, while their wings touched each other in the middle of the room.
1 Kings 6:28 He covered the cherubim with gold.
1 Kings 6:29 He decorated all the walls of the house with carved images of angels, palm trees, and open flowers, on the inside and outside.
1 Kings 6:30 He covered the floors of the house with gold, inside and outside.
1 Kings 6:31 For the entrance of the holy place, he made doors of olive wood: the top beam and pillars took up one-fifth of the wall.
1 Kings 6:32 The two doors were made of olive wood, and he carved images of angels, palm trees, and open flowers on them. Then he covered them with gold, and put gold on the angels and the palm trees.
1 Kings 6:33 He also made olive wood posts for the temple entrance, one-fourth as thick as the wall.
1 Kings 6:34 The two doors were made of fir wood; each door had two panels that could fold.
1 Kings 6:35 He carved angels, palm trees, and open flowers there, and covered them with gold that was shaped to fit the carvings.
1 Kings 6:36 He made the inner courtyard with three layers of cut stone and one layer of cedar wood.
1 Kings 6:37 In the fourth year, they started building God's house, in the month of Zif.
1 Kings 6:38 In the eleventh year, during Bul, the eighth month, the house was completed in every part and detail. It took seven years to build it.

1 Kings 7:1 Solomon built his own house for thirteen years and he finished the whole house.
1 Kings 7:2 He also built the Lebanon Forest House; it was 100 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high, with four rows of cedar pillars and cedar beams on top of the pillars.
1 Kings 7:3 It was covered with cedar on top of the beams resting on 45 pillars, with 15 pillars in each row.
1 Kings 7:4 There were windows set in three layers, and each row of windows lined up with the opposite ones.
1 Kings 7:5 All the doors and posts were shaped like squares, along with the windows, and light matched light in three rows.
1 Kings 7:6 He built a porch with columns that was fifty cubits long and thirty cubits wide. This porch was in front, with more columns and a solid beam also in front.
1 Kings 7:7 He built a covered entry for the throne where he could make decisions, the Hall of Justice, and it had cedar from the floor to the ceiling.
1 Kings 7:8 His home, where he lived, had another yard inside the entryway, made in the same style. Solomon also built a home for Pharaoh's daughter, his wife, similar to this entryway.
1 Kings 7:9 All these stones were expensive, cut to size, and sawn smoothly on the inside and outside, from the foundation to the top, and around the outer courtyard.
1 Kings 7:10 The foundation was made of expensive, large stones—some ten cubits and some eight cubits long.
1 Kings 7:11 Above were expensive stones, cut to size, and cedar wood.
1 Kings 7:12 The large courtyard around it had three layers of cut stones and a layer of cedar wood, for both the inner courtyard of God's house and the entrance hall.
1 Kings 7:13 King Solomon sent for Hiram from Tyre.
1 Kings 7:14 He was the son of a widow from Naphtali, and his father was from Tyre, skilled in working with brass. He was very wise, knowledgeable, and skilled in all kinds of brass work. He went to King Solomon and did all the work Solomon asked for.
1 Kings 7:15 He made two brass pillars, each eighteen cubits tall, and a twelve-cubit measuring line could go around each one.
1 Kings 7:16 He created two brass capitals to put on top of the pillars; each capital was five cubits tall.
1 Kings 7:17 Mesh nets and chains were made for the capitals on top of the pillars, seven for each capital.
1 Kings 7:18 He made the columns with two rows of designs around one grate to surround the tops with pomegranates, and he did the same for the other top.
1 Kings 7:19 The tops of the pillars were decorated with carvings of lilies and were four cubits high in the entrance way.
1 Kings 7:20 The tops of the two pillars also had pomegranates above, facing the rounded part next to the meshwork. And there were two hundred pomegranates in rows all around on the other top.
1 Kings 7:21 He put the pillars at the temple entrance: he put the right pillar and named it Jachin; he put the left pillar and named it Boaz.
1 Kings 7:22 On top of the columns was a design of lilies, and so the columns were completed.
1 Kings 7:23 He made a large metal bowl, ten units across from one edge to the other. It was round and five units tall. A measuring line thirty units long could wrap around it.
1 Kings 7:24 Under its edge all around there were small round decorations. There were ten per foot, all around the bowl. The decorations were in two rows and were part of the bowl when it was made.
1 Kings 7:25 It stood on twelve oxen, with three facing north, three facing west, three facing south, and three facing east. The sea rested on top of them, and all their back parts pointed inward.
1 Kings 7:26 It was as thick as a hand is wide, and its edge looked like the edge of a cup, decorated with lily flowers. It could hold two thousand baths.
1 Kings 7:27 He made ten brass stands; each one was four cubits long, four cubits wide, and three cubits high.
1 Kings 7:28 The bases were made like this: they had edges, and there were edges between the side supports.
1 Kings 7:29 On the edges between the layers were lions, oxen, and angels; and on the layers was a stand on top: and under the lions and oxen were special details made of delicate designs.
1 Kings 7:30 Each base had four bronze wheels and brass plates. The four corners had supports. There were supports cast in bronze under the basin, next to each side attachment.
1 Kings 7:31 The opening on top of the column, inside the decorative top, was one and a half feet deep; the opening was round, not like the base. The opening also had engravings with square borders, not round.
1 Kings 7:32 Under the edges were four wheels; the wheel axles were connected to the stand, and each wheel was one and a half cubits tall.
1 Kings 7:33 The wheels were made like chariot wheels: their parts—the axles, hubs, rims, and spokes—were all cast metal.
1 Kings 7:34 Each base had four supports at its four corners, and the supports were part of the base itself.
1 Kings 7:35 The base had a round rim at the top half a cubit high; the top of the base, its edges and sides were all one piece.
1 Kings 7:36 On its shelves and edges, he carved angels, lions, and palm trees, each in proper size, with designs all around.
1 Kings 7:37 He made the ten stands in this way: all were made with the same mold, had the same dimensions, and were the same size.
1 Kings 7:38 He made ten brass washbasins; each basin held forty baths and was four cubits; and on each of the ten stands was one basin.
1 Kings 7:39 He placed five stands on the right side of the building and five on the left; and he put the large bowl on the right side of the building, facing south and east.
1 Kings 7:40 Hiram made the washbasins, shovels, and bowls. So Hiram finished all the work he did for King Solomon for God's house.
1 Kings 7:41 The two columns, the two tops of the columns, and the two decorations to cover the tops of the columns.
1 Kings 7:42 And four hundred pomegranates for the two grids, two rows of pomegranates for each grid, to cover the two capitals on top of the pillars.
1 Kings 7:43 The ten stands and ten washbasins on the stands.
1 Kings 7:44 One big bowl, and twelve bulls under the bowl.
1 Kings 7:45 The pots, shovels, and bowls, and all these items that Hiram made for King Solomon for God's house, were made of shiny brass.
1 Kings 7:46 The king molded them in the Jordan Valley, in the clay soil between Succoth and Zarthan.
1 Kings 7:47 Solomon didn't weigh all the objects because there were too many, and no one knew how much the bronze weighed.
1 Kings 7:48 Solomon made all the items for God's house: the gold altar and the gold table for the bread on display.
1 Kings 7:49 The golden candlesticks, five on the right and five on the left, stood in front of the holy place, along with the golden flowers, lights, and tongs.
1 Kings 7:50 The bowls, trimmers, basins, spoons, and incense burners were all made of pure gold, as were the gold door hinges for both the doors of the most sacred part and the doors of the main temple.
1 Kings 7:51 All the work King Solomon did for God's house was finished. Solomon added what his father David had set aside—silver, gold, and items to God's house's treasures.

1 Kings 8:1 Solomon brought together Israel's elders, tribal leaders, and family heads in Jerusalem to move God's covenant chest from David's city, Zion, to King Solomon.
1 Kings 8:2 All the men of Israel gathered around King Solomon for the festival in Ethanim, the seventh month.
1 Kings 8:3 All the leaders of Israel came, and the priests carried the chest.
1 Kings 8:4 They brought God's ark, the meeting tent, and all the sacred items inside the tent; the priests and Levites carried them all.
1 Kings 8:5 King Solomon and all of Israel's people gathered with him stood before the covenant box, offering so many sheep and oxen they couldn't be counted.
1 Kings 8:6 The priests put God's covenant chest in its place in the temple's inner room, right beneath the cherubim angels' wings.
1 Kings 8:7 The cherubim stretched out their two wings over where the ark was and covered the ark and its poles from above.
1 Kings 8:8 They pulled the poles out until the ends were visible in the sanctuary in front of the inner room, but they couldn't be seen from outside, and they are still there today.
1 Kings 8:9 Inside the ark were only the two stone tablets that Moses placed there at Horeb, where God made an agreement with the Israelites after they left Egypt.
1 Kings 8:10 When the priests left the holy place, a cloud filled God's house.
1 Kings 8:11 The priests could not stay to serve because of the cloud, for God's glory had filled God's house.
1 Kings 8:12 Then Solomon said, God would live in deep darkness.
1 Kings 8:13 I have certainly built you a house to live in, a stable home for you to stay in forever.
1 Kings 8:14 The king turned around and blessed all the people of Israel; and all the people stood up.
1 Kings 8:15 He said, "Praise God of Israel, who spoke to my father David and has now done what he promised."
1 Kings 8:16 Since the day I brought my people Israel out of Egypt, I did not choose any city from all the tribes of Israel to build a house for my name; but I chose David to rule over my people Israel.
1 Kings 8:17 David, my father, wanted to build a house for God's name.
1 Kings 8:18 God told David, my father, "Since you wanted to build a house for my name, you did well to have that desire."
1 Kings 8:19 You will not build the house; but your son, who will be born to you, will build the house for my name.
1 Kings 8:20 God did what he said, and I have become king after David my father. I sit on Israel's throne as God promised and have built a house for God's name.
1 Kings 8:21 I have prepared a place for the chest that holds God's agreement, which he made with our ancestors when he led them out of Egypt.
1 Kings 8:22 Solomon stood in front of God's altar in front of all the Israelites and reached his hands up to the sky.
1 Kings 8:23 He said, "God of Israel, no one is like you in heaven or on earth, who keeps promises and shows kindness to your servants who follow you with all their heart."
1 Kings 8:24 You kept your promise to your servant David, my father. You said it with your words, and now you have made it happen with your actions, just like today.
1 Kings 8:25 So now, God of Israel, keep the promise you made to your servant David, my father, when you said, "You will always have a descendant to rule Israel if your children are careful in their actions and follow me just as you have."
1 Kings 8:26 And now, God of Israel, please let your promise to my father David, your servant, come true.
1 Kings 8:27 Can God really live on earth? Even the sky and the highest heavens cannot hold you, so how can this temple I have built?
1 Kings 8:28 Please listen to your servant's prayer and plea, God my God, and hear the cries and prayers I offer to you today.
1 Kings 8:29 Let your eyes be open towards this house day and night, towards the place you said, "My name will be there," so you can listen to the prayers your servant will make facing this place.
1 Kings 8:30 Listen to your servant's prayer and to the prayers of your people Israel when they pray toward this place. Hear from heaven, your home, and when you hear, forgive.
1 Kings 8:31 If someone wrongs their neighbor and is made to take an oath, and they come to take the oath at your altar in this place:
1 Kings 8:32 Then listen from heaven, act, and decide what your servants deserve. Punish the guilty so they face the consequences of their actions, and reward the good for doing right.
1 Kings 8:33 When your people Israel are defeated by their enemies because they have sinned against you, and then they turn back to you, admit your name, pray, and ask for your mercy in this place:
1 Kings 8:34 Listen from heaven, forgive the sins of your people Israel, and bring them back to the land you gave their ancestors.
1 Kings 8:35 When the sky is closed and there is no rain because they have sinned against you; if they pray to this place, admit your name, and stop their sinning when you punish them:
1 Kings 8:36 Listen from heaven and forgive the sins of your servants and your people Israel. Teach them the right path to follow and send rain to the land you have given them as a heritage.
1 Kings 8:37 If there is famine or disease, crop failure, mold, locusts, or caterpillars in the land; if an enemy surrounds them in their land or in their cities; any kind of plague or illness that happens;
1 Kings 8:38 Whatever prayer or plea is made by any person, or by all your people Israel, each knowing the troubles of their own heart, and reaching out their hands toward this temple:
1 Kings 8:39 Listen from heaven, your home, forgive and act, and reward each person according to their actions because you know their heart; only you know every human heart.
1 Kings 8:40 So they will respect you every day they live in the land you gave to our ancestors.
1 Kings 8:41 Also about a foreigner, who is not from your people Israel, but comes from a distant land because of your reputation;
1 Kings 8:42 They will hear about your great name, your powerful hand, and your extended arm; when he comes to pray toward this place.
1 Kings 8:43 Listen in heaven, your home, and do what the foreigner asks of you, so that everyone on earth may know your name and respect you, just like your people Israel; and let them know that this temple I have built is named after you.
1 Kings 8:44 If your people go to fight their enemies wherever you send them, and they pray to God facing the city you have chosen and the house I have built for your name:
1 Kings 8:45 Then listen from heaven to their prayer and plea, and help them.
1 Kings 8:46 If they do wrong against you, because everyone sins, and you get angry with them, and let their enemies take them as prisoners to a far or nearby land;
1 Kings 8:47 But if they think about what they did wrong in the country where they are prisoners, and they turn back to you, and ask for your mercy in the country of their captors, saying, 'We have done wrong, we have acted badly, we have been wicked;'
1 Kings 8:48 Let them come back to you with all their heart and soul from the land of their enemies who took them as captives, and let them pray to you facing their land, which you gave to their ancestors, the city you chose, and the temple I built for your name.
1 Kings 8:49 Listen to their prayers and pleas from heaven, your home, and support their case.
1 Kings 8:50 Forgive your people who have sinned against you, forgive all the wrongs they have done against you, and make their captors show them mercy, so they will also receive mercy.
1 Kings 8:51 They are your people and your inheritance, which you brought out of Egypt, from the iron furnace.
1 Kings 8:52 May your eyes be open to your servant's request and to the prayers of your people Israel, and may you listen to them whenever they call to you.
1 Kings 8:53 You chose them from all the people on earth to be your own, as you said through Moses your servant, when you led our ancestors out of Egypt, O God.
1 Kings 8:54 After Solomon finished praying all this to God, he stood up from the altar of God, where he had been kneeling with his hands raised to heaven.
1 Kings 8:55 He stood up and with a loud voice blessed all the people of Israel, saying,
1 Kings 8:56 God is blessed for giving his people Israel rest, just as he promised. Every single one of his good promises that he made through his servant Moses has come true.
1 Kings 8:57 May God be with us just as he was with our ancestors; may he not leave us or abandon us.
1 Kings 8:58 So he can lead our hearts to him, to follow all his paths, and obey his commands, rules, and decisions, which he gave to our ancestors.
1 Kings 8:59 Let my words, which I have used to ask for help from God, be close to God day and night, so he can support the needs of his servant and his people Israel whenever necessary.
1 Kings 8:60 Everyone on earth may know that God is the only God.
1 Kings 8:61 Keep your heart fully committed to God, follow his rules, and obey his commands, just as you do today.
1 Kings 8:62 The king and everyone in Israel with him made sacrifices to God.
1 Kings 8:63 Solomon gave God a peace offering of 22,000 cattle and 120,000 sheep. The king and everyone in Israel then made the temple holy.
1 Kings 8:64 On that day, the king made the center of the courtyard, in front of God's house, holy because there he gave burnt and grain offerings, and the fat from the peace offerings. This was because the bronze altar in front of God was too small to hold all the burnt and grain offerings, and the fat from the peace offerings.
1 Kings 8:65 At that time, Solomon had a big party, and everyone in Israel joined him, a large crowd, from Hamath to the river of Egypt, in front of God for seven days, and another seven days, totaling fourteen days.
1 Kings 8:66 On the eighth day, he let the people go. They blessed the king and went to their tents, happy and thankful for all the good things God had done for David his servant and for Israel his people.

1 Kings 9:1 When Solomon finished building God's house, his own palace, and everything he wanted to do,
1 Kings 9:2 God appeared to Solomon again, just as he had at Gibeon.
1 Kings 9:3 God said to him, "I have heard your prayer and plea that you made before me. I have made this house holy, which you have built, to place my name there forever; and my eyes and heart will always be there."
1 Kings 9:4 If you walk before me like your father David did, with a pure heart and honesty, doing all I have told you and following my rules and decisions:
1 Kings 9:5 I will make sure your kingdom's throne in Israel lasts forever, just like I promised your father David, when I said, "Your throne in Israel will always have a man to rule."
1 Kings 9:6 If you turn away from following me, you or your children, and do not obey my commands and laws I gave you, but follow and worship other gods:
1 Kings 9:7 I will remove Israel from the land I gave them; and this temple I made holy for my name, I will reject; and Israel will become an example and a common saying among all nations.
1 Kings 9:8 At this tall house, everyone passing by will be shocked and will hiss. They will ask, "Why did God do this to the land and to this house?"
1 Kings 9:9 They will say, 'Because they left God, who freed their ancestors from Egypt, and followed other gods, worshiping and serving them, that's why God let all this bad happen to them.'
1 Kings 9:10 After twenty years, when Solomon finished building the two buildings, God's house and the king's house,
1 Kings 9:11 King Solomon gave King Hiram of Tyre twenty cities in Galilee because Hiram had provided Solomon with cedar and fir trees, and gold, as much as he wanted.
1 Kings 9:12 Hiram left Tyre to see the towns that Solomon gave him, but he did not like them.
1 Kings 9:13 He asked, "What are these towns you've given me, my brother?" He named the area Cabul, a name it still has today.
1 Kings 9:14 Hiram sent the king 120 talents of gold.
1 Kings 9:15 This is why King Solomon collected taxes: to build God's house, his palace, Millo, the walls of Jerusalem, and the cities of Hazor, Megiddo, and Gezer.
1 Kings 9:16 The king of Egypt, Pharaoh, attacked and captured Gezer, burned it, killed the Canaanites living there, and gave it as a gift to his daughter, Solomon's wife.
1 Kings 9:17 Solomon built Gezer and lower Bethhoron.
1 Kings 9:18 And Baalath, and Tadmor in the desert, in the country,
1 Kings 9:19 Solomon had many storage cities, cities for his chariots, cities for his horsemen, and whatever he wanted to build in Jerusalem, Lebanon, and throughout his lands.
1 Kings 9:20 And all the people remaining from the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, who were not Israelites,
1 Kings 9:21 The children who remained in the land after them, whom the Israelites could not completely destroy, Solomon made those pay forced labor taxes that continue to this day.
1 Kings 9:22 Solomon did not make slaves of the Israelites; instead, they were soldiers, servants, leaders, commanders, chariot officers, and horsemen.
1 Kings 9:23 These were the top supervisors for Solomon's projects, 550, who managed the workers.
1 Kings 9:24 Pharaoh's daughter left David's city and went to the house that Solomon built for her; then he built Millo.
1 Kings 9:25 Solomon made burnt sacrifices and peace sacrifices on the altar he made for God three times a year, and he burned incense on the altar in front of God. So he completed the temple.
1 Kings 9:26 King Solomon built a fleet of ships at Eziongeber, near Eloth, on the coast of the Red Sea, in Edom's territory.
1 Kings 9:27 Hiram sent his sailors, who knew the sea well, with Solomon's servants on the ships.
1 Kings 9:28 They went to Ophir, got 420 talents of gold, and brought it to King Solomon.

1 Kings 10:1 When the queen of Sheba heard about Solomon’s fame and his relationship with God, she came to test him with difficult questions.
1 Kings 10:2 She went to Jerusalem with a large group, camels carrying spices, lots of gold, and precious stones. When she met Solomon, she talked with him about everything on her mind.
1 Kings 10:3 Solomon answered all her questions; nothing was hidden from the king, which he did not explain to her.
1 Kings 10:4 When the queen of Sheba saw all of Solomon's wisdom and the house he built,
1 Kings 10:5 The food at his table, how his servants sat, how his aides served, their clothes, his cup-bearers, and the way he went up to God's house; it left her breathless.
1 Kings 10:6 She told the king, "The stories I heard in my country about your deeds and your wisdom were true."
1 Kings 10:7 I didn't believe what was said until I came and saw it myself. And what I saw was far greater than I was told; your wisdom and wealth are more than the stories I heard.
1 Kings 10:8 Your men are happy, your servants who always stand before you and hear your wisdom are happy too.
1 Kings 10:9 God blesses you because he took pleasure in you and made you king of Israel; God's love for Israel is eternal, so he made you ruler to carry out fairness and justice.
1 Kings 10:10 She gave the king 120 talents of gold, lots of spices, and valuable stones. No one gave King Solomon as many spices as the Queen of Sheba did.
1 Kings 10:11 Hiram's ships, which carried gold from Ophir, also brought back many almug trees and valuable gems from Ophir.
1 Kings 10:12 The king used almug wood to make columns for God's house and the royal palace, and to make harps and stringed instruments for musicians. There had never been such almug wood before, and none has been seen since then.
1 Kings 10:13 King Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba everything she wanted, beyond what he had already generously given her. Then she and her servants went back to her own country.
1 Kings 10:14 Every year, Solomon received 666 talents of gold.
1 Kings 10:15 He also received from the traders, spice sellers, all the kings of Arabia, and the country's leaders.
1 Kings 10:16 King Solomon made 200 large shields of hammered gold; each shield used 600 shekels of gold.
1 Kings 10:17 He made three hundred gold shields; each shield used three pounds of gold. The king placed them in the Lebanon Forest House.
1 Kings 10:18 The king also made a big throne out of ivory and covered it with pure gold.
1 Kings 10:19 The throne had six steps and a round top at the back. There were armrests on both sides of the seat with two lions standing next to the armrests.
1 Kings 10:20 Twelve lions stood on each side of the six steps; nothing like this was made in any other kingdom.
1 Kings 10:21 All of King Solomon's cups were made of gold, and everything in the Lebanon Forest House was pure gold; nothing was made of silver, as silver was not valued much in Solomon's time.
1 Kings 10:22 The king had a fleet of ships for sailing to Tarshish that worked with Hiram's fleet. Every three years, Tarshish's ships came, bringing gold, silver, ivory, monkeys, and peacocks.
1 Kings 10:23 King Solomon was richer and wiser than all other kings on earth.
1 Kings 10:24 Everyone in the world wanted to hear Solomon's wisdom that God had given him.
1 Kings 10:25 Everyone brought gifts, including silver and gold containers, clothes, weapons, spices, horses, and mules, each year.
1 Kings 10:26 Solomon collected chariots and horsemen. He had 1,400 chariots and 12,000 horsemen. He placed them in chariot cities and with him in Jerusalem.
1 Kings 10:27 The king made silver as common in Jerusalem as stones, and he made cedar trees as plentiful as sycamore trees in the lowlands.
1 Kings 10:28 Solomon got horses from Egypt, and fine thread. The king's traders bought the thread at a cost.
1 Kings 10:29 A chariot was brought from Egypt for six hundred pieces of silver, and a horse for one hundred and fifty pieces. This was done for all the Hittite kings and the Syrian kings, brought out by their agents.

1 Kings 11:1 King Solomon loved many foreign women, including Pharaoh's daughter and women from Moab, Ammon, Edom, Sidon, and Hittite lands.
1 Kings 11:2 About the countries which God told the people of Israel, "Do not associate with them, nor let them associate with you, because they will surely turn your hearts towards their gods," Solomon became very attached to them because of love.
1 Kings 11:3 He had seven hundred wives of royal birth and three hundred secondary wives, and his wives led his heart astray.
1 Kings 11:4 When Solomon was old, his wives made his heart follow other gods, and his heart was not as faithful to God as his father David's heart was.
1 Kings 11:5 Solomon followed Ashtoreth, the Zidonians' goddess, and Milcom, the Ammonites' hated idol.
1 Kings 11:6 Solomon did bad things that God saw, and he didn't follow God completely like his father David did.
1 Kings 11:7 Solomon built a worship site on the hill facing Jerusalem for Chemosh, the Moabites' detested god, and for Molech, the Ammonites' detested god.
1 Kings 11:8 He did the same for all his foreign wives, who burned incense and offered sacrifices to their gods.
1 Kings 11:9 God was angry with Solomon because Solomon's heart turned away from the God of Israel, who had appeared to him twice.
1 Kings 11:10 God told him not to follow other gods, but he did not obey what God commanded.
1 Kings 11:11 So God said to Solomon, "Because you have done this and have not followed my agreement and my rules that I gave you, I will certainly take the kingdom away from you and give it to your servant."
1 Kings 11:12 Despite this, I will not do it during your lifetime out of respect for your father David; instead, I will take it away from your son.
1 Kings 11:13 However, I will not take away the entire kingdom; I will give one tribe to your son because of my servant David, and for Jerusalem, which I have chosen.
1 Kings 11:14 God made Hadad the Edomite, of royal blood from Edom, become Solomon's enemy.
1 Kings 11:15 When David was in Edom and Joab, the army commander, had gone to bury the dead after defeating every man in Edom.
1 Kings 11:16 Joab stayed there with all Israel for six months, until he had killed every man in Edom.
1 Kings 11:17 Hadad ran away to Egypt with some of his father's Edomite servants while he was still a young child.
1 Kings 11:18 They left Midian and went to Paran, taking people with them from Paran to Egypt, to Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. Pharaoh gave him a house, food, and land.
1 Kings 11:19 Hadad was liked very much by Pharaoh, so he let him marry his wife's sister, Queen Tahpenes's sister.
1 Kings 11:20 Tahpenes' sister had a son named Genubath for him, and Tahpenes raised Genubath in the Pharaoh's palace; Genubath grew up among the Pharaoh's sons.
1 Kings 11:21 When Hadad in Egypt learned that David had died and that Joab, the army commander, was also dead, he said to Pharaoh, "Let me go back to my own country."
1 Kings 11:22 Then Pharaoh asked him, "What have you missed with me, that you want to go back to your own country?" He replied, "Nothing, but please let me go."
1 Kings 11:23 God raised up another enemy against him, Rezon son of Eliadah, who had run away from his master Hadadezer, the king of Zobah.
1 Kings 11:24 He brought men together, became their leader, and ruled in Damascus after David defeated the people of Zobah. They lived there in Damascus.
1 Kings 11:25 He opposed Israel throughout Solomon's reign, causing trouble like Hadad, hated Israel, and ruled over Syria.
1 Kings 11:26 Jeroboam, Nebat's son from Zereda in Ephraim, who worked for Solomon and whose mother Zeruah was a widow, rebelled against the king.
1 Kings 11:27 He turned against the king because: Solomon had built Millo and fixed the damaged parts of his father David's city.
1 Kings 11:28 Jeroboam was a brave and strong man. Solomon noticed that he was a hard worker, so he put him in charge of all the work for Joseph's descendants.
1 Kings 11:29 At that time, when Jeroboam left Jerusalem, the prophet Ahijah from Shiloh found him on the road; Ahijah was wearing a new cloak, and they were alone in the field.
1 Kings 11:30 Ahijah took the new clothing he was wearing and tore it into twelve pieces.
1 Kings 11:31 He told Jeroboam, "Take ten pieces: God, the God of Israel, says, 'Look, I will take the kingdom from Solomon's hand and give you ten tribes.'"
1 Kings 11:32 He will keep one tribe for my servant David and for Jerusalem, the city I chose from all the tribes of Israel.
1 Kings 11:33 Because they left me and worshiped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Sidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the Ammonites, and did not follow my ways, doing what is right in my sight, and keeping my laws and rules, like David their ancestor did.
1 Kings 11:34 However, I won't take the entire kingdom from him. Instead, I will let him be a leader all his life because of my servant David, whom I selected, since he followed my commands and rules.
1 Kings 11:35 I will take the kingdom from his son's hand and will give it to you, ten tribes.
1 Kings 11:36 I will give one tribe to his son so that my servant David may always have a presence in Jerusalem, the city where I chose to honor my name.
1 Kings 11:37 I will take you, and you will rule as you wish, and be king over Israel.
1 Kings 11:38 If you listen to all I tell you, follow my path, do what is right in my eyes, and keep my laws and commands like my servant David did; then I will be with you, build you a strong home, just like I did for David, and give you Israel.
1 Kings 11:39 I will punish David's descendants for a while, but not forever.
1 Kings 11:40 Solomon wanted to kill Jeroboam. So Jeroboam got up, ran away to Egypt, to King Shishak, and stayed there until Solomon died.
1 Kings 11:41 The other things Solomon did, all his actions, and his wisdom, are they not recorded in the book about Solomon's deeds?
1 Kings 11:42 Solomon ruled in Jerusalem over all Israel for forty years.
1 Kings 11:43 Solomon died and was buried in his father David's city, and his son Rehoboam became king after him.

1 Kings 12:1 Rehoboam went to Shechem because all Israel had gathered there to make him king.
1 Kings 12:2 When Jeroboam, son of Nebat, was still in Egypt, he heard about it. He had run away from King Solomon and was living in Egypt.
1 Kings 12:3 They sent for him and called him. Jeroboam and all the people of Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam, saying,
1 Kings 12:4 Your father made our work very hard. Now please make the hard work and the heavy load he put on us lighter, and we will serve you.
1 Kings 12:5 He told them, "Go away for three days, then come back to me." So the people left.
1 Kings 12:6 King Rehoboam asked the elders who had served his father Solomon for advice, saying, "What is your advice on how I should respond to these people?"
1 Kings 12:7 They said to him, "If you agree to serve these people today, help them, listen to them, and say kind things to them, then they will be your servants always."
1 Kings 12:8 He ignored the advice of the older men that they had given him and asked the young men who had grown up with him and who served him for their opinion.
1 Kings 12:9 He asked them, "What advice do you suggest we give to the people who said to me, 'Make the heavy burden your father put on us lighter'?"
1 Kings 12:10 The young men who grew up with him said to him, "This is how you should talk to the people who told you, 'Your father made our work hard, but you should make it easier for us': You should say to them, 'My little finger is stronger than my father's waist.'
1 Kings 12:11 My father made your workload heavy, but I will make it even heavier. He disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions.
1 Kings 12:12 So Jeroboam and all the people went to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king had told them, "Come back to me on the third day."
1 Kings 12:13 The king spoke harshly to the people and ignored the advice the elders had given him.
1 Kings 12:14 He spoke to them, following the young men's advice, saying, "My father made your workload heavy, and I will make it even heavier. My father disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions."
1 Kings 12:15 So the king did not listen to the people, because this was God's plan, to fulfill what God had said through Ahijah from Shiloh to Jeroboam, Nebat's son.
1 Kings 12:16 When all Israel realized that the king did not listen to them, the people told the king, "What share do we have in David? We have no part in Jesse's son: Go to your homes, Israel. Take care of your own family, David." So Israel went back to their homes.
1 Kings 12:17 The children of Israel who lived in the towns of Judah were ruled by Rehoboam.
1 Kings 12:18 Then King Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was in charge of taxes, but all the people of Israel stoned him to death. So King Rehoboam hurried to his chariot and escaped to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 12:19 Israel turned against David's family and has done so to this day.
1 Kings 12:20 When all of Israel learned that Jeroboam had returned, they called him to their assembly and made him king over all Israel. Only the tribe of Judah stayed loyal to David's family.
1 Kings 12:21 When Rehoboam arrived in Jerusalem, he gathered the people of Judah and the Benjamin tribe, 180,000 selected soldiers, to battle the people of Israel and return the kingdom to Rehoboam, Solomon's son.
1 Kings 12:22 God's message came to Shemaiah, the man of God, saying,
1 Kings 12:23 Tell Rehoboam, Solomon's son and king of Judah, and all the people of Judah and Benjamin, and the others who are left, this message:
1 Kings 12:24 God says, “Do not attack or fight your brothers, the Israelites. Go back to your homes because this is my will." So they listened to God's command and went back home as God had said.
1 Kings 12:25 Jeroboam rebuilt Shechem in the hills of Ephraim and lived there. Then he left and built Penuel.
1 Kings 12:26 Jeroboam thought, "Now the kingdom will go back to David's family."
1 Kings 12:27 If these people go to make sacrifices in God's house at Jerusalem, then their loyalty will return to their king, Rehoboam of Judah, and they will kill me and follow Rehoboam king of Judah again.
1 Kings 12:28 The king got advice, then made two gold calves and told the people, "It's too hard for you to go to Jerusalem. Here are your gods, Israel, who brought you out of Egypt."
1 Kings 12:29 He placed one idol in Bethel and the other in Dan.
1 Kings 12:30 This action became a sin because the people went to worship the statue, all the way to Dan.
1 Kings 12:31 He built a temple on high places and appointed as priests people of low status who were not from the Levi tribe.
1 Kings 12:32 Jeroboam set up a festival in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day, similar to the one in Judah, and he made sacrifices on the altar. He did this in Bethel, offering to the calves he created, and he appointed priests for the shrines he made in Bethel.
1 Kings 12:33 He made sacrifices on the altar he built in Bethel on the fifteenth day of the eighth month, a date he chose himself; he set up a celebration for the Israelite people and he made offerings on the altar and burned incense.

1 Kings 13:1 A man of God came from Judah to Bethel because God told him to, and Jeroboam was by the altar burning incense.
1 Kings 13:2 He shouted to the altar with God's message: "Listen, altar! God says, 'A boy named Josiah will be born to David's family. He will sacrifice on you the priests from the high places who burn incense on you, and human bones will be burned on you.'"
1 Kings 13:3 That day, he gave a sign, saying, This is the sign God told of; Look, the altar will break, and the ashes on it will be scattered.
1 Kings 13:4 When King Jeroboam heard what the man of God shouted about the altar in Bethel, he reached out from the altar and said, "Grab him." But the hand he reached out withered, so he couldn't pull it back.
1 Kings 13:5 The altar split, and the ashes spilled from it, just as the man of God had predicted by God's message.
1 Kings 13:6 The king replied to the man of God, "Please ask God to heal me so my hand will be fixed." The man of God prayed to God, and the king's hand was healed and became like it was before.
1 Kings 13:7 The king said to the man of God, "Come to my home and rest, and I will give you a reward."
1 Kings 13:8 The man of God told the king, "Even if you offer me half of your house, I will not come inside with you, nor will I eat bread or drink water here."
1 Kings 13:9 I was ordered by God's command, saying, Do not eat bread, do not drink water, and do not go back the same way you came.
1 Kings 13:10 So he went a different way and did not come back by the same path he used to go to Bethel.
1 Kings 13:11 An old prophet lived in Bethel, and when his sons came, they told him everything the man of God did that day in Bethel, including the words he spoke to the king, which they also shared with their father.
1 Kings 13:12 Their father asked them, "Which way did he go?" because his sons had seen the direction the man of God from Judah had taken.
1 Kings 13:13 He told his sons, "Get the donkey ready for me." So they prepared the donkey and he rode on it.
1 Kings 13:14 He followed the man of God, found him sitting under an oak tree, and asked him, "Are you the man of God who came from Judah?" He replied, "I am."
1 Kings 13:15 He said to him, "Come to my house and have some food."
1 Kings 13:16 He said, "I can't go back with you or enter with you. I won't eat bread or drink water with you here."
1 Kings 13:17 God told me not to eat bread, drink water, or go back the same way I came.
1 Kings 13:18 He told him, "I'm a prophet like you; an angel told me by God's command, 'Bring him back to your home so he can have food and water.'" But he was lying to him.
1 Kings 13:19 He returned with him and ate food in his house and drank water.
1 Kings 13:20 As they were sitting at the table, God spoke to the prophet who had brought him back.
1 Kings 13:21 He called out to the man of God from Judah, "This is what God says: Because you did not listen to God's word and did not follow the command that God gave you,
1 Kings 13:22 You came back and ate bread and drank water where God told you not to. Now you will not be buried with your ancestors.
1 Kings 13:23 After he ate bread and drank, he saddled the donkey for the prophet he had brought back.
1 Kings 13:24 After he left, a lion met him on the road and killed him. His body was thrown onto the road, and the donkey and the lion stood beside it.
1 Kings 13:25 Look, men walked by, saw the dead body on the road, and the lion standing near the body; they went and reported it in the town where the old prophet lived.
1 Kings 13:26 When the prophet who had brought him back heard of it, he said, "It is the man of God who did not obey God's command. So God has given him to the lion, which has mauled and killed him, just as God had said."
1 Kings 13:27 He said to his sons, "Get the donkey ready for me." So they got it ready.
1 Kings 13:28 He went and saw the body lying on the road with the donkey and the lion standing by it; the lion had not eaten the body or hurt the donkey.
1 Kings 13:29 The prophet picked up the body of the man of God, put it on the donkey, and took it back. The old prophet returned to the city to grieve and bury him.
1 Kings 13:30 He put his body in his own grave, and they cried for him, saying, "Oh, my brother!"
1 Kings 13:31 After he buried him, he told his sons, "When I die, bury me in the tomb where the man of God is buried; put my bones next to his bones."
1 Kings 13:32 The message he shouted by God's command against the altar in Bethel, and against all the worship sites in the Samaria towns, will definitely happen.
1 Kings 13:33 After this, Jeroboam did not stop his bad ways, but again made the least of the people into priests for the high places. Anyone who wanted to, he made holy, and that person became a priest of the high places.
1 Kings 13:34 This act became a sin for Jeroboam's family, leading to its total destruction from the earth.

1 Kings 14:1 At that time, Abijah, Jeroboam's son, became ill.
1 Kings 14:2 Jeroboam said to his wife, "Please get up and change your look so no one knows you are my wife. Go to Shiloh where the prophet Ahijah lives. He's the one who said I would become king of these people."
1 Kings 14:3 Bring with you ten bread loaves, some biscuits, and a jar of honey, and go to him; he will tell you what will happen to the child.
1 Kings 14:4 Jeroboam's wife did as she was told, got up, traveled to Shiloh, and arrived at Ahijah's home. However, Ahijah could not see because he was old and his eyesight had failed.
1 Kings 14:5 God told Ahijah, "Look, Jeroboam's wife is coming to ask you about her son, because he is sick. This is what you should tell her: When she arrives, she will pretend to be someone else."
1 Kings 14:6 When Ahijah heard her footsteps as she entered the door, he said, "Come in, Jeroboam's wife; why are you pretending to be someone else? I have serious news for you."
1 Kings 14:7 Go, tell Jeroboam, "God says, 'Because I lifted you up from the people and made you leader over Israel, my people,
1 Kings 14:8 He took the kingdom from David's family and gave it to you, but you have not been like my servant David. He obeyed my commands and followed me with his whole heart, doing only what was right in my eyes.
1 Kings 14:9 You have done worse than anyone before you: you made other gods and idols to make me angry, and you ignored me.
1 Kings 14:10 So listen, I will bring trouble on Jeroboam’s family. I will destroy every male belonging to Jeroboam, both slave and free in Israel. I will sweep away the rest of Jeroboam’s family like someone sweeps away poop until it’s all gone.
1 Kings 14:11 Dogs will eat those who die in the city belonging to Jeroboam, and birds will eat those who die in the fields, because God has said it.
1 Kings 14:12 Get up, go to your house. When you step into the city, the child will die.
1 Kings 14:13 All Israel will grieve for him and bury him; he is the only one in Jeroboam's family who will be buried because he has some goodness in him toward God of Israel.
1 Kings 14:14 God will raise a king over Israel who will destroy Jeroboam's family that day, and even now it is happening.
1 Kings 14:15 God will strike Israel, like a reed shakes in the water, and will uproot Israel from the good land given to their ancestors, scattering them across the river because they made their worship sites, making God angry.
1 Kings 14:16 God will let Israel be defeated because of Jeroboam's sins, who sinned and led Israel to sin.
1 Kings 14:17 Jeroboam's wife got up, left, and went to Tirzah. As soon as she reached the doorway, the child died.
1 Kings 14:18 They buried him, and all Israel grieved for him, just as God had said through his servant Ahijah the prophet.
1 Kings 14:19 The other things Jeroboam did, his battles and his rule, are written in the history book of Israel's kings.
1 Kings 14:20 Jeroboam ruled for twenty-two years, then he died, and his son Nadab became king after him.
1 Kings 14:21 Rehoboam, Solomon's son, became king in Judah. He was 41 when he started ruling, and he ruled for 17 years in Jerusalem, the city God chose from all of Israel's tribes to bear His name. His mother was Naamah, from the people of Ammon.
1 Kings 14:22 Judah did bad things that God saw, and their sins made God very jealous, even more than their ancestors had done.
1 Kings 14:23 They also made worship sites, idols, and sacred gardens on every tall hill and under every green tree.
1 Kings 14:24 There were also people doing wrong sexual acts in the land, behaving in all the bad ways of the nations that God had removed before the Israelites.
1 Kings 14:25 In the fifth year of King Rehoboam's rule, Shishak, the king of Egypt, attacked Jerusalem.
1 Kings 14:26 He removed the treasures from God's house and the king's palace; he took everything, even all the gold shields Solomon had made.
1 Kings 14:27 King Rehoboam made bronze shields to replace the old ones and gave them to the leader of the guard who protected the entrance to the king's palace.
1 Kings 14:28 When the king entered God's house, the guards carried the items and then returned them to the guardroom.
1 Kings 14:29 The other things Rehoboam did and all his actions, aren't they recorded in the book of Judah's kings' histories?
1 Kings 14:30 Rehoboam and Jeroboam were at war for their whole lives.
1 Kings 14:31 Rehoboam died and was buried with his ancestors in the city of David. His mother's name was Naamah, from Ammon. His son Abijam became king after him.

1 Kings 15:1 In the eighteenth year of King Jeroboam, son of Nebat, Abijam became king of Judah.
1 Kings 15:2 He ruled for three years in Jerusalem. His mother was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
1 Kings 15:3 He followed all his father's sins, which his father had done before him: and his heart was not fully faithful to God, unlike his father David's heart.
1 Kings 15:4 Yet for David's sake, God gave him a lasting presence in Jerusalem, to raise his son to follow him, and to secure Jerusalem.
1 Kings 15:5 Because David did what was right in God's eyes and did not turn away from anything God commanded him all his life, except in the case of Uriah the Hittite.
1 Kings 15:6 Rehoboam and Jeroboam fought wars their whole lives.
1 Kings 15:7 The other things Abijam did and his actions are written in the Judah Kings' Chronicles, right? Abijam and Jeroboam fought in a war.
1 Kings 15:8 Abijam died and was buried in the city of David, and his son Asa became the new king.
1 Kings 15:9 In the twentieth year of Jeroboam being king of Israel, Asa became king of Judah.
1 Kings 15:10 He ruled in Jerusalem for forty-one years. His mother was named Maachah, Abishalom's daughter.
1 Kings 15:11 Asa did what was right in God's eyes, just like his father David.
1 Kings 15:12 He removed the male shrine prostitutes from the land and got rid of all the idols his ancestors had made.
1 Kings 15:13 Asa also took his mother Maachah from her queen position because she made an idol in a sacred garden; and Asa broke her idol and burned it at Kidron Stream.
1 Kings 15:14 The high places weren't taken away, but Asa was completely devoted to God all his life.
1 Kings 15:15 He brought the items his father and he had dedicated into God's house, including silver, gold, and containers.
1 Kings 15:16 Asa and Baasha, the king of Israel, were at war for their whole lives.
1 Kings 15:17 Baasha, the king of Israel, attacked Judah and built Ramah to block anyone from leaving or entering Asa, the king of Judah's territory.
1 Kings 15:18 Then Asa gathered all the silver and gold left in God's house's treasuries and the king's house treasuries. He gave them to his servants, and Asa sent them to Benhadad, Tabrimon's son, Hezion's son, the king of Syria in Damascus, with a message.
1 Kings 15:19 We have an agreement between us and between our fathers. Look, I've sent you a gift of silver and gold. Come and end your agreement with Baasha king of Israel so he will leave me alone.
1 Kings 15:20 So Benhadad listened to King Asa, and sent his army commanders to attack the cities of Israel. They conquered Ijon, Dan, Abelbethmaachah, all of Cinneroth, and the whole region of Naphtali.
1 Kings 15:21 When Baasha heard about it, he stopped building Ramah and lived in Tirzah.
1 Kings 15:22 King Asa announced to all of Judah that no one was excused. They removed the stones and wood from Ramah that Baasha had used to build. With these, King Asa constructed Geba in Benjamin and Mizpah.
1 Kings 15:23 The other things Asa did, his power, his actions, and the cities he built, are they not recorded in the Judah kings' history book? But when he was old, his feet became sick.
1 Kings 15:24 Asa died like his ancestors and was buried with them in the city of David. His son Jehoshaphat became king after him.
1 Kings 15:25 Nadab, Jeroboam's son, became king of Israel in Asa's second year as king of Judah and ruled Israel for two years.
1 Kings 15:26 He did bad things before God, followed his father's ways, and continued in his wrongdoing that led Israel to sin.
1 Kings 15:27 Baasha, Ahijah's son from the tribe of Issachar, plotted against Nadab; Baasha killed him at Gibbethon, a city of the Philistines, while Nadab and all Israel were attacking Gibbethon.
1 Kings 15:28 In the third year of Asa's rule as king of Judah, Baasha killed him and became king in his place.
1 Kings 15:29 When he became king, he struck down all of Jeroboam's family. He did not leave anyone alive in Jeroboam's family, fulfilling God's word spoken by his servant Ahijah from Shiloh.
1 Kings 15:30 Because Jeroboam sinned and made Israel sin, making God angry.
1 Kings 15:31 The other things Nadab did, and all his actions, aren't they recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 15:32 Asa and Baasha, the king of Israel, fought wars throughout their lives.
1 Kings 15:33 In the third year of Judah's King Asa, Baasha son of Ahijah became king of all Israel in Tirzah for twenty-four years.
1 Kings 15:34 He did wrong as God saw it, and followed Jeroboam's sinful ways which led Israel to sin.

1 Kings 16:1 God's message came to Jehu, Hanani's son, against Baasha, saying,
1 Kings 16:2 Because I lifted you from the dust and made you leader over my people Israel, but you followed Jeroboam's ways and caused my people Israel to sin, making me angry with their sins.
1 Kings 16:3 I will remove Baasha's descendants and his family; and will make your family like Jeroboam son of Nebat's family.
1 Kings 16:4 Dogs will eat those of Baasha who die in the city, and birds will eat those who die in the fields.
1 Kings 16:5 The other things Baasha did, his actions, and his power are written in the Israel kings' records, right?
1 Kings 16:6 Baasha died like his ancestors and was buried in Tirzah. Then his son Elah became king after him.
1 Kings 16:7 Through the prophet Jehu, son of Hanani, God's message came against Baasha and his family, for all the bad things he did that made God angry, like what Jeroboam did; and because Baasha killed him.
1 Kings 16:8 In the twenty-sixth year of Asa's rule as king of Judah, Elah, Baasha's son, became king of Israel in Tirzah and ruled for two years.
1 Kings 16:9 Zimri, who led half the chariots, plotted against his master while he was getting drunk in his official Arza's house in Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:10 Zimri went in, attacked him, and killed him in the twenty-seventh year of Asa, king of Judah's reign, and then took his place as ruler.
1 Kings 16:11 When he started to rule, as soon as he sat on his throne, he killed all of Baasha's family; he did not leave any male alive, not among his relatives or friends.
1 Kings 16:12 So Zimri killed all of Baasha's family, just as God had said through the prophet Jehu.
1 Kings 16:13 Because of all the wrongs Baasha and his son Elah did, which caused them and Israel to sin and made God angry with their useless acts.
1 Kings 16:14 The other things Elah did are written in the history book of Israel's kings, aren't they?
1 Kings 16:15 In the twenty-seventh year of Asa, the king of Judah, Zimri ruled for seven days in Tirzah. Meanwhile, the people camped around Gibbethon, owned by the Philistines.
1 Kings 16:16 The people camping heard that Zimri plotted against and killed the king, so all Israel made Omri, the army leader, their king that day in the camp.
1 Kings 16:17 Omri left Gibbethon with all of Israel and they surrounded Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:18 When Zimri saw the city was captured, he went into the royal palace, set it on fire over himself, and died.
1 Kings 16:19 Because of the bad things he did, seen by God, following Jeroboam's bad path, and leading Israel to do wrong.
1 Kings 16:20 The other things Zimri did and his betrayal are written in the book of the history of Israel's kings, aren't they?
1 Kings 16:21 Then the people of Israel split into two groups: half wanted Tibni, son of Ginath, to be king, and the other half supported Omri.
1 Kings 16:22 But the people who supported Omri were stronger than the ones who supported Tibni, son of Ginath. So Tibni died, and Omri became king.
1 Kings 16:23 In the thirty-first year of Asa's rule as king of Judah, Omri started ruling over Israel for twelve years; he ruled six years in Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:24 He bought Samaria hill from Shemer for two silver talents, built on it, and named the city he built Samaria after Shemer, the hill's former owner.
1 Kings 16:25 Omri did bad things in God's sight and was even worse than everyone before him.
1 Kings 16:26 He followed Jeroboam Nebat's path completely, repeating his sins that led Israel to do wrong, making God angry with their worthless actions.
1 Kings 16:27 The other things Omri did and how strong he was can be found in the history book of Israel's kings, right?
1 Kings 16:28 Omri died and was buried in Samaria; then his son Ahab became king after him.
1 Kings 16:29 In the thirty-eighth year of Asa's rule over Judah, Ahab, Omri's son, started to rule over Israel, and Ahab, Omri's son, ruled over Israel in Samaria for twenty-two years.
1 Kings 16:30 Ahab, Omri's son, did more evil things in front of God than anyone before him.
1 Kings 16:31 It seemed like a small thing for him to follow Jeroboam Nebat's son's sins, so he married Jezebel, King Ethbaal of Zidon's daughter, and started to serve and worship Baal.
1 Kings 16:32 He built an altar for Baal in the Baal temple he made in Samaria.
1 Kings 16:33 Ahab built a shrine; Ahab made God, the God of Israel, angrier than any of the previous kings of Israel.
1 Kings 16:34 During Hiel the Bethelite's time, he rebuilt Jericho. He started the work at the cost of his oldest son Abiram's life, and finished it at the cost of his youngest son Segub's life. This happened as God had said through Joshua, Nun's son.

1 Kings 17:1 Elijah from Tishbe in Gilead told Ahab, "As the living God of Israel, before whom I stand, there won't be any dew or rain for these years, unless I say so."
1 Kings 17:2 God's message came to him, saying,
1 Kings 17:3 Go away, turn east, and hide by the Cherith stream, in front of the Jordan.
1 Kings 17:4 You will drink from the stream, and I have told the ravens to bring you food there.
1 Kings 17:5 So he went and did as God had said. He lived by the Cherith stream, which is near the Jordan.
1 Kings 17:6 The birds brought him bread and meat in the morning, and bread and meat in the evening; and he drank from the stream.
1 Kings 17:7 After some time, the stream dried up because there had been no rain in the country.
1 Kings 17:8 God's message came to him, saying,
1 Kings 17:9 Get up, go to Zarephath in Sidon, and stay there. I have told a widow there to take care of you.
1 Kings 17:10 He got up and went to Zarephath. As he arrived at the city entrance, he saw a widow picking up sticks. He asked her, “Please bring me a small amount of water in a container to drink.”
1 Kings 17:11 As she went to get it, he called to her and said, "Please bring me a piece of bread in your hand."
1 Kings 17:12 She said, "As God is alive, I don't have a cake, only a little flour in a jar and a bit of oil in a jug. Look, I'm picking up two sticks to cook it for me and my son, so we can eat it and then die."
1 Kings 17:13 Elijah told her, "Don't be afraid; go ahead and make what you said: but first, please make me a small cake and bring it to me, then make some for yourself and your son."
1 Kings 17:14 God says the jar of flour won't run out, and the jug of oil won't dry up, until the day God sends rain on the land.
1 Kings 17:15 She went and did as Elijah said: she, he, and her family ate for many days.
1 Kings 17:16 The jar of flour didn't run out, nor did the jug of oil dry up, just as God promised through Elijah.
1 Kings 17:17 After these events, the woman's son, who owned the house, became very ill, and he was so sick that he stopped breathing.
1 Kings 17:18 She asked Elijah, "What do you want with me, man of God? Have you come to remind me of my sin and cause my son to die?"
1 Kings 17:19 He said to her, "Give me your son." He took the boy from her arms, went to the upstairs room where he stayed, and laid him on his own bed.
1 Kings 17:20 He called out to God and said, "My God, have you also caused harm to the widow I'm staying with by causing her son to die?"
1 Kings 17:21 He lay on the child three times, called to God, and said, "O God, please let the child's soul come back to him."
1 Kings 17:22 God heard Elijah's voice, and the child's life returned to him, and he came back to life.
1 Kings 17:23 Elijah took the child, brought him from the room into the house, and gave him to his mother. Elijah said, "Look, your son is alive."
1 Kings 17:24 The woman said to Elijah, "Now I know that you are a man of God, and that the word of God from your mouth is true."

1 Kings 18:1 After a long time, God's message came to Elijah in the third year, saying, "Go, meet Ahab, and I will make it rain on the land."
1 Kings 18:2 Elijah went to meet Ahab, and there was a severe famine in Samaria.
1 Kings 18:3 Ahab asked Obadiah, his house manager, to come. (Obadiah deeply respected God:
1 Kings 18:4 When Jezebel killed God's prophets, Obadiah took one hundred prophets, hid them in groups of fifty in caves, and gave them bread and water.
1 Kings 18:5 Ahab told Obadiah, "Go through the land to all the water springs and streams. Maybe we can find grass to keep the horses and mules alive so we don't lose all the animals."
1 Kings 18:6 They split the land to travel through it: Ahab went one way alone, and Obadiah went a different way alone.
1 Kings 18:7 As Obadiah was on the road, he met Elijah. He recognized him, bowed down to the ground, and asked, "Are you Elijah, my master?"
1 Kings 18:8 He replied, "I am Elijah; go tell your master, 'Elijah is here.'"
1 Kings 18:9 He asked, "What did I do wrong that you would let your servant be killed by Ahab?"
1 Kings 18:10 As God, your God, is alive, there isn't any country or kingdom where my master hasn't looked for you. And when they said, "He's not here," he made each country and kingdom promise they hadn't found you.
1 Kings 18:11 Now you say, "Go, tell your master, 'Look, Elijah is here.'"
1 Kings 18:12 When I leave you, God's Spirit will take you to a place I don't know. So when I tell Ahab and he can't find you, he will kill me. But I, your servant, have feared God since I was young.
1 Kings 18:13 Didn't someone tell you, my lord, what I did when Jezebel killed God's prophets? I hid a hundred of God's prophets in caves, fifty in each, and gave them bread and water.
1 Kings 18:14 You say, "Go tell your master, 'Elijah is here,'" but he will kill me.
1 Kings 18:15 Elijah said, "As the living God of all commands, whom I serve, I will definitely show myself to him today."
1 Kings 18:16 Obadiah met Ahab and told him, and then Ahab went to meet Elijah.
1 Kings 18:17 When Ahab saw Elijah, Ahab said to him, "Are you the one who troubles Israel?"
1 Kings 18:18 He replied, "I have not caused trouble in Israel; it is you and your family because you have ignored God's commands and followed the Baals."
1 Kings 18:19 So now, send a message and bring all of Israel to Mount Carmel, along with the 450 prophets of Baal and the 400 prophets of the groves who are fed by Jezebel.
1 Kings 18:20 Ahab sent a message to all the Israelites and brought the prophets to Mount Carmel.
1 Kings 18:21 Elijah came to everyone and asked, "How long will you hesitate between two choices? If God is the true God, follow Him; but if Baal is, then follow him." But the people didn't say anything in reply.
1 Kings 18:22 Elijah told the people, "I am the only one left of God's prophets, but there are 450 prophets of Baal."
1 Kings 18:23 So they should give us two young bulls. They can pick one, cut it up, and place it on the wood without setting it on fire. I'll prepare the other bull, put it on the wood, and also not light it.
1 Kings 18:24 Ask your gods for help, and I will ask God for help. The one who sends fire is the true God. And everyone agreed this was a good plan.
1 Kings 18:25 Elijah said to Baal's prophets, "Pick one bull for yourselves, prepare it first since you are many, and pray to your gods, but don't light a fire under it."
1 Kings 18:26 They took the bull given to them, prepared it, and prayed to Baal from morning to noon, saying, "O Baal, listen to us." But there was no reply or anyone who answered. And they jumped on the altar that was built.
1 Kings 18:27 At noon, Elijah made fun of them and said, "Shout louder; maybe your god is busy talking, away on a trip, taking a nap, or needs to wake up."
1 Kings 18:28 They shouted loudly and cut themselves with knives and sharp tools, as was their custom, until blood flowed out on them.
1 Kings 18:29 After midday, they continued to prophesy until the evening sacrifice, but there was no voice, no answer, and no one paid attention.
1 Kings 18:30 Elijah said to everyone, "Come closer to me." So all the people came closer to him. Then he fixed God's altar that was damaged.
1 Kings 18:31 Elijah took twelve stones, one for each tribe of Jacob's sons, because God had said, "Your name will be Israel."
1 Kings 18:32 He used the stones to build an altar for God and dug a ditch around it big enough to hold two measures of seed.
1 Kings 18:33 He arranged the wood, cut the bull into pieces, placed it on the wood, and said, "Fill four barrels with water and pour it over the burnt offering and the wood."
1 Kings 18:34 He said, "Do it again." So they did it again. Then he said, "Do it a third time." And they did it a third time.
1 Kings 18:35 Water flowed around the altar, and the trench was also filled with water.
1 Kings 18:36 When the time came to offer the evening sacrifice, the prophet Elijah stepped forward and prayed, "God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, show everyone today that you are the true God in Israel, that I am your servant, and that I have followed your instructions.
1 Kings 18:37 Listen to me, God, listen to me, so these people will know you are God, and that you have turned their hearts back to you again.
1 Kings 18:38 Then God's fire came down and burned up the offering, the wood, the stones, the dust, and even dried up the water in the ditch.
1 Kings 18:39 When everyone saw this, they fell down and said, "God is the God; God is the God."
1 Kings 18:40 Elijah said to them, "Capture the prophets of Baal and don't let any of them get away." They captured them, and Elijah took them to the Kishon creek and killed them there.
1 Kings 18:41 Elijah told Ahab, "Go up, eat and drink; because I hear the sound of a lot of rain coming."
1 Kings 18:42 So Ahab went to eat and drink. Elijah climbed to the top of Carmel, lay down on the ground, and put his face between his knees.
1 Kings 18:43 He told his servant, "Go up now, look toward the sea." So he went up, looked, and said, "There is nothing." Then he was told, "Go back seven times."
1 Kings 18:44 On the seventh time, he saw a small cloud rising from the sea, like a man's hand. He told the messenger to tell Ahab to get his chariot ready and go before the rain stopped him.
1 Kings 18:45 Meanwhile, the sky turned dark with clouds and wind, and a heavy rain fell. Ahab rode off to Jezreel.
1 Kings 18:46 God's power was with Elijah; he tied up his clothes and ran ahead of Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel.

1 Kings 19:1 Ahab told Jezebel everything Elijah did, including how he killed all the prophets with a sword.
1 Kings 19:2 Then Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah, saying, "I hope the gods punish me severely if I don't make your life like one of them by this time tomorrow."
1 Kings 19:3 Seeing that, he got up, ran for his life, and arrived at Beersheba in Judah, where he left his servant.
1 Kings 19:4 He went alone into the desert for a day, sat under a juniper tree, and wished to die, saying, "It is enough; now, God, take my life, for I am no better than my ancestors."
1 Kings 19:5 As he was sleeping under a juniper tree, an angel touched him and said, "Get up and eat."
1 Kings 19:6 He saw a baked cake on the coals and a jar of water by his head. He ate and drank, then lay down again.
1 Kings 19:7 The angel of God came back a second time, touched him, and said, "Get up and eat, because the trip is too much for you."
1 Kings 19:8 He got up, ate and drank, then traveled with the power from that food for forty days and nights to Horeb, the mountain of God.
1 Kings 19:9 He went to a cave to stay, and there God's message came to him. He asked, "What are you doing here, Elijah?"
1 Kings 19:10 He said, "I have been very loyal to God, because the people of Israel have broken your agreement, destroyed your places of worship, and killed your messengers with the sword; and I am the only one left; and now they want to kill me too."
1 Kings 19:11 He said, "Go out and stand on the mountain in front of God." Then, as God passed by, a powerful wind tore the mountains apart and shattered the rocks, but God was not in the wind. After the wind there was an earthquake, but God was not in the earthquake.
1 Kings 19:12 After the earthquake came a fire, but God was not in the fire; and after the fire, a quiet, gentle sound.
1 Kings 19:13 When Elijah heard it, he covered his face with his cloak and went out to stand at the cave entrance. Then a voice came to him and asked, "What are you doing here, Elijah?"
1 Kings 19:14 He said, "I have been very loyal to God because the Israelites have broken your agreement, destroyed your places of worship, and killed your messengers with the sword; now I am the only one left, and they want to kill me too."
1 Kings 19:15 God told him, "Go back through the desert to Damascus, and when you arrive, make Hazael king over Syria."
1 Kings 19:16 You must anoint Jehu, Nimshi's son, to be king of Israel, and anoint Elisha, Shaphat's son from Abelmeholah, to be prophet in your place.
1 Kings 19:17 Anyone who escapes Hazael's sword will be killed by Jehu, and anyone who escapes Jehu's sword will be killed by Elisha.
1 Kings 19:18 Still, I have kept 7,000 people in Israel, all who have not bowed to Baal, and all whose mouths have not kissed him.
1 Kings 19:19 He left that place and found Elisha, Shaphat’s son, plowing with twelve pairs of oxen, and he was with the last pair. Elijah went by him and threw his cloak over him.
1 Kings 19:20 He left the oxen, ran to Elijah, and said, "Please let me kiss my father and mother goodbye, and then I will follow you." Elijah replied, "Go back. What have I done to you?"
1 Kings 19:21 He went back, took a pair of oxen, killed them, cooked their meat with the oxen's gear, and gave it to the people to eat. Then he got up, followed Elijah, and helped him.

1 Kings 20:1 Benhadad, the king of Syria, brought all his army together. He was joined by thirty-two kings, with their horses and chariots. He advanced and laid siege to Samaria and attacked it.
1 Kings 20:2 He sent messengers to Ahab, the king of Israel, in the city, telling him, "Benhadad says,
1 Kings 20:3 Your silver and your gold are mine; your wives and children, even the most beautiful, are mine too.
1 Kings 20:4 The king of Israel replied and said, "My lord, O king, as you say, I am yours, and all that I have."
1 Kings 20:5 The messengers came back and said, "Benhadad says, 'Even though I've sent you a message demanding you give me your silver, gold, wives, and children...'"
1 Kings 20:6 I will send my servants to you tomorrow at this time, and they will search your house and your servants' houses. Whatever you like, they will take it.
1 Kings 20:7 The king of Israel called all the leaders and said, "Notice and see how this man wants to cause trouble. He asked for my wives, my children, my silver, and my gold, and I didn't refuse him."
1 Kings 20:8 All the leaders and everyone told him, "Don't listen to him or agree."
1 Kings 20:9 So he told Benhadad's messengers, "Tell my king I will do all he first asked of me, but I can't do this." The messengers left and reported back to him.
1 Kings 20:10 Benhadad sent a message saying, "May the gods punish me severely if there is enough dust in Samaria for all my followers to grab a handful."
1 Kings 20:11 The king of Israel replied, "Tell him not to brag while putting on his armor like one who takes it off after battle."
1 Kings 20:12 When Ben-hadad heard this message while he was drinking with the kings in their tents, he told his servants to get ready for battle. So they prepared to attack the city.
1 Kings 20:13 Look, a prophet came to Ahab, the king of Israel, and said, "This is what God says: 'Have you seen this huge crowd? I will give them to you today, and you will know that I am God.'"
1 Kings 20:14 Ahab asked, "By whom?" He replied, "God says, 'By the young men of the province leaders.'" Then Ahab asked, "Who will lead the attack?" He answered, "You will."
1 Kings 20:15 He counted the young men from the provincial leaders, totaling 232; then he counted all the others, all the Israelites, and there were 7,000.
1 Kings 20:16 They left at midday. But Benhadad and the thirty-two kings helping him were getting drunk in the tents.
1 Kings 20:17 The young leaders' soldiers went first. Then Benhadad was informed, "Men have come out of Samaria."
1 Kings 20:18 He said, "If they come for peace, capture them alive; if they come for war, capture them alive."
1 Kings 20:19 These young men, who were the leaders' sons, left the city, along with the army that followed them.
1 Kings 20:20 Everyone killed their opponent, the Syrians ran away, Israel chased them, and King Benhadad of Syria escaped on a horse with his cavalry.
1 Kings 20:21 The king of Israel went out, attacked the horses and chariots, and killed many Syrians.
1 Kings 20:22 The prophet went to the king of Israel and told him, "Go, get stronger, pay attention, and be careful with what you do. Because when the year comes around again, the king of Syria will attack you."
1 Kings 20:23 The king of Syria's servants told him, "Their god is a god of the hills; that's why they were stronger than us. But if we fight them on the flat land, we will definitely be stronger than them."
1 Kings 20:24 Do this: Remove the kings, every one from their positions, and appoint captains in their places.
1 Kings 20:25 Count yourself an army, just like the one you lost, with the same number of horses and chariots. Then we will battle them on the flat land, and we will definitely be stronger. He listened to their advice and did it.
1 Kings 20:26 When the year came around again, Benhadad counted the Syrian troops and moved to Aphek to battle Israel.
1 Kings 20:27 The Israelites were counted, all showed up, and fought against them. The Israelites camped in front of them, looking like two small groups of young goats, while the Syrians covered the land.
1 Kings 20:28 A man of God came and spoke to the king of Israel, saying, "This is what God says: 'Because the Syrians believe that God is only the God of the hills and not of the valleys, I will give you victory over this large army, and you will realize that I am God.'"
1 Kings 20:29 They camped facing each other for seven days. On the seventh day, the fight began, and the Israelites killed one hundred thousand Syrian foot soldiers in one day.
1 Kings 20:30 But the others ran away to Aphek, into the city. There, a wall collapsed on twenty-seven thousand of the remaining men. Benhadad also ran away and went into the city, to a room inside.
1 Kings 20:31 His servants told him, "We have heard that Israel's kings are kind. Please let us wear rough cloth around our waists and put ropes on our heads, and go to the king of Israel. Maybe he will spare your life."
1 Kings 20:32 They wrapped rough cloth around their waists, placed ropes on their heads, went to the king of Israel, and said, "Your servant Benhadad asks, please let me live." And he replied, "Is he still alive? He is my brother."
1 Kings 20:33 The men watched carefully to see if he would do something. When he gave a sign, they quickly took it. They said, "Your brother Benhadad." He replied, "Go and bring him." So Benhadad came to him, and he helped him into the chariot.
1 Kings 20:34 Ben-hadad told him, "I'll give back the cities my father took from your father; you can build your own neighborhoods in Damascus, like my father did in Samaria." Then Ahab replied, "With this agreement, I'll let you go." So he made an agreement with him and let him go.
1 Kings 20:35 A man from the group of prophets told his friend, speaking for God, "Please hit me." But the man would not hit him.
1 Kings 20:36 He told him, "Because you didn't listen to God, as soon as you leave me, a lion will kill you." And right after he left him, a lion found him and killed him.
1 Kings 20:37 He found another person and said, "Please hit me." So the person hit him, injuring him in the process.
1 Kings 20:38 The prophet left and waited for the king on the road, hiding his face with ashes.
1 Kings 20:39 As the king went by, he called out to the king: "I went into the battle, and a man gave me another man and told me, 'Guard this man. If he goes missing, you'll have to die in his place or pay a talent of silver.'"
1 Kings 20:40 While your servant was busy, he disappeared. The king of Israel said, "That will be your punishment; you have chosen it yourself."
1 Kings 20:41 He hurried to remove the ashes from his face, and the king of Israel recognized that he was one of the prophets.
1 Kings 20:42 He told him, "God says, because you released a man I wanted to destroy, your life will be taken for his life, and your people for his people."
1 Kings 20:43 The king of Israel went home sad and upset, and arrived in Samaria.

1 Kings 21:1 After these events, Naboth, from Jezreel, owned a vineyard next to Ahab's palace, the king of Samaria.
1 Kings 21:2 Ahab said to Naboth, "Give me your vineyard so I can use it for a garden of herbs since it's close to my house. I'll give you a better vineyard in exchange, or if you prefer, I'll pay you its value in money."
1 Kings 21:3 Naboth said to Ahab, "God won’t allow it. I can’t give you what I inherited from my ancestors."
1 Kings 21:4 Ahab went into his house feeling sad and upset because of what Naboth from Jezreel told him. Naboth had said, "I won't give you my family's land." Ahab lay down on his bed, turned his face to the wall, and refused to eat.
1 Kings 21:5 Jezebel, his wife, came to him and asked, "Why are you so sad that you're not eating?"
1 Kings 21:6 He told her, "I talked to Naboth from Jezreel. I offered to buy his vineyard or trade it for another one if he liked. But he said, 'I won't give you my vineyard.'"
1 Kings 21:7 Jezebel, his wife, said to him, "Are you not ruling Israel? Get up, eat some bread, and cheer up; I will get you Naboth's vineyard."
1 Kings 21:8 She wrote letters using Ahab's name, sealed them with his seal, and sent them to the city elders and nobles who lived with Naboth.
1 Kings 21:9 She wrote in the letters, "Announce a fast, and put Naboth in a prominent place among the people."
1 Kings 21:10 Place two wicked men in front of him to accuse him, saying, "You insulted God and the king." Then take him out and throw stones at him until he dies.
1 Kings 21:11 The men of the city, including the elders and leaders who lived there, did what Jezebel told them, following the instructions in her letters.
1 Kings 21:12 They announced a time without food and placed Naboth in a high position among the people.
1 Kings 21:13 Two bad men came and sat in front of him. They lied about Naboth in front of everyone, saying, "Naboth insulted God and the king." So they took Naboth out of the city and threw stones at him until he died.
1 Kings 21:14 They sent a message to Jezebel: "Naboth has been stoned and is dead."
1 Kings 21:15 When Jezebel found out that Naboth had been stoned to death, she told Ahab, "Get up and take over Naboth the Jezreelite's vineyard, because he didn't sell it to you. Now that he's dead, it's yours."
1 Kings 21:16 When Ahab learned that Naboth had died, he got up to go to Naboth the Jezreelite's vineyard to take it over.
1 Kings 21:17 God's message came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
1 Kings 21:18 Get up, go meet Ahab, the king of Israel, in Samaria. Look, he is in Naboth's vineyard, where he has gone to take it over.
1 Kings 21:19 You will tell him, 'God says, "Have you murdered and also taken the land?"' And you will say to him, 'God says, "In the spot where dogs licked Naboth's blood, dogs will lick your blood too."'
1 Kings 21:20 Ahab said to Elijah, "Have you found me, my enemy?" Elijah answered, "Yes, I have found you because you have chosen to do evil in God's eyes."
1 Kings 21:21 I will bring bad things on you, take away your future family, and destroy every male belonging to Ahab, whether they are free or trapped in Israel.
1 Kings 21:22 I will make your family like Jeroboam's family, the son of Nebat, and like Baasha's family, the son of Ahijah because you have made me angry and caused Israel to sin.
1 Kings 21:23 God also said about Jezebel, "Dogs will eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel."
1 Kings 21:24 Anyone from Ahab's family who dies in the city will be eaten by dogs, and anyone who dies in the field will be eaten by birds.
1 Kings 21:25 No one was like Ahab; he chose to do evil, watched by God, encouraged by his wife Jezebel.
1 Kings 21:26 He did terrible things by worshiping idols, just like the Amorites, whom God had driven out before the Israelites.
1 Kings 21:27 When Ahab heard those words, he tore his clothes, put on sackcloth, fasted, lay in sackcloth, and walked quietly.
1 Kings 21:28 God's message came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
1 Kings 21:29 Do you see how Ahab is humbling himself before me? Because he is doing this, I will not cause bad things to happen during his life; instead, I will make them happen during his son's life to his family.

1 Kings 22:1 They had peace for three years without fighting between Syria and Israel.
1 Kings 22:2 In the third year, King Jehoshaphat of Judah went to see the king of Israel.
1 Kings 22:3 The king of Israel said to his servants, "Do you know that Ramoth in Gilead belongs to us, yet we do nothing to take it back from the king of Syria?"
1 Kings 22:4 He said to Jehoshaphat, "Will you join me in the fight at Ramoth-gilead?" Jehoshaphat replied to the king of Israel, "I am with you, my people are your people, and my horses are your horses."
1 Kings 22:5 Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, "Please ask for God's guidance today."
1 Kings 22:6 The king of Israel brought together about four hundred prophets and asked them, "Should I go to war against Ramothgilead or not?" They replied, "Go, for God will give it to the king."
1 Kings 22:7 Jehoshaphat asked, "Isn't there a prophet of God here we can ask?"
1 Kings 22:8 The king of Israel told Jehoshaphat, "There is still one man, Micaiah son of Imlah, who can ask God for us. But I hate him because he never predicts anything good about me, only bad." Jehoshaphat replied, "The king shouldn't say that."
1 Kings 22:9 The king of Israel called an officer and said, "Quickly bring Micaiah, Imlah's son, here."
1 Kings 22:10 The king of Israel and Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, were sitting on their thrones, dressed in their robes, at an open area by the gate of Samaria, while all the prophets spoke their prophecies in front of them.
1 Kings 22:11 Zedekiah, Chenaanah's son, made iron horns and said, "God says, 'With these, you will push the Syrians until they are defeated.'"
1 Kings 22:12 All the prophets said the same thing: "Go to Ramothgilead and you will succeed, because God will give it to the king."
1 Kings 22:13 The messenger who went to get Micaiah said to him, "Look, all the prophets are telling the king good news with one voice. Please make your words like theirs and say something good."
1 Kings 22:14 Micaiah said, "As God lives, whatever God tells me, I will say."
1 Kings 22:15 He went to the king. The king asked him, "Micaiah, should we fight against Ramothgilead or not?" He replied, "Go and succeed, because God will give it to the king."
1 Kings 22:16 The king said to him, "How many times must I order you to tell me only the truth by God's name?"
1 Kings 22:17 He said, "I saw all Israel spread out on the hills, like sheep without a shepherd. And God said, 'These people have no leader; let them each go back to their own home in peace.'"
1 Kings 22:18 The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, "Didn't I say he would not predict anything good about me, but only bad?"
1 Kings 22:19 He said, "Listen to God's message: I saw God sitting on his throne with all the heavenly beings standing around him on his right and on his left."
1 Kings 22:20 God asked, "Who will convince Ahab to attack Ramothgilead and die there?" One suggested this way, and another suggested that way.
1 Kings 22:21 A spirit came out, stood before God, and said, "I will convince him."
1 Kings 22:22 God asked him, "How?" He replied, "I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouths of all his prophets." God said, "You will persuade him and succeed. Go out and do it."
1 Kings 22:23 Now, look, God has placed a lying spirit in the mouths of all your prophets, and God has said bad things about you.
1 Kings 22:24 But Zedekiah, son of Chenaanah, came forward, hit Micaiah on the face, and said, "How did God's Spirit leave me to talk to you?"
1 Kings 22:25 Micaiah said, "Look, you will see on that day, when you go into a room to hide."
1 Kings 22:26 The king of Israel said, "Take Micaiah and take him back to Amon, the city's governor, and to Joash, the king's son."
1 Kings 22:27 Say, "The king orders, put this man in jail and give him only poor bread and water until I return safely."
1 Kings 22:28 Micaiah said, "If you come back safely, God has not spoken through me." And he said, "Listen, everyone."
1 Kings 22:29 The king of Israel and King Jehoshaphat of Judah went to Ramoth-gilead.
1 Kings 22:30 The king of Israel told Jehoshaphat, "I will hide who I am and go into the fight; but you wear your royal clothes." So the king of Israel disguised himself and joined the battle.
1 Kings 22:31 The king of Syria ordered his thirty-two chariot commanders, saying, "Do not fight with anyone, important or not, except the king of Israel."
1 Kings 22:32 When the chariot commanders saw Jehoshaphat, they thought, "This must be the king of Israel." So they went to attack him, and Jehoshaphat shouted for help.
1 Kings 22:33 When the chariot commanders realized he was not the king of Israel, they stopped chasing him.
1 Kings 22:34 A man randomly shot an arrow and hit the king of Israel in the armor gaps. So he told his chariot driver, "Turn around and take me out of the battle; I'm hurt."
1 Kings 22:35 The fight grew fiercer that day, and the king was propped up in his chariot facing the Syrians, and he died in the evening; blood flowed from his injury into the middle of the chariot.
1 Kings 22:36 A message went through the camp as the sun was setting, saying, "Everyone go to your own city and your own country."
1 Kings 22:37 The king died and was taken to Samaria; they buried him there.
1 Kings 22:38 Someone washed the chariot at the Samaria pool, and dogs licked up his blood. They also washed his armor, just as God had said.
1 Kings 22:39 The other things Ahab did, what he built, including the ivory house and cities, are they not recorded in the book of the history of Israel's kings?
1 Kings 22:40 So Ahab died as his ancestors did; and his son Ahaziah became king after him.
1 Kings 22:41 Jehoshaphat, Asa's son, became king of Judah in the fourth year of Ahab's rule over Israel.
1 Kings 22:42 Jehoshaphat was 35 years old when he became king; he ruled for 25 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Azubah, and her father was Shilhi.
1 Kings 22:43 He followed the example of his father Asa and did not turn away from it, doing what was right in God's eyes. However, the high places were not removed; the people still offered and burned incense there.
1 Kings 22:44 Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel.
1 Kings 22:45 The other things Jehoshaphat did, his power, and his battles are written in the history book of Judah's kings, aren't they?
1 Kings 22:46 He removed the remaining people of sinful practices left from his father Asa's time from the land.
1 Kings 22:47 At that time, Edom had no king; a deputy ruled instead.
1 Kings 22:48 Jehoshaphat built ships to sail to Ophir for gold, but they never went because the ships were wrecked at Eziongeber.
1 Kings 22:49 Ahaziah son of Ahab said to Jehoshaphat, "Let my men go with your men on the ships." But Jehoshaphat did not agree.
1 Kings 22:50 Jehoshaphat died like his ancestors and was buried with them in David's city. Jehoram, his son, became king after him.
1 Kings 22:51 Ahaziah, Ahab's son, became king of Israel in Samaria in the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat's rule in Judah, and he ruled over Israel for two years.
1 Kings 22:52 He did wrong in God's eyes, following the path of his father, his mother, and Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin.
1 Kings 22:53 He worshiped Baal and made him offerings, and angered God, just as his father had done.

2 Kings 1:1 Moab fought against Israel after Ahab died.
2 Kings 1:2 Ahaziah fell through a grid in his upstairs room in Samaria and was injured. He sent messengers and told them, "Go, ask Baalzebub, the god of Ekron, if I will get better from my illness."
2 Kings 1:3 The angel said to Elijah the Tishbite, "Get up, go to meet the king of Samaria's messengers, and ask them, 'Do you look for advice from Baalzebub, the god of Ekron, because you think there is no God in Israel?'"
2 Kings 1:4 So now, God says, "You will not get up from the bed you are lying on; you will certainly die." Then Elijah left.
2 Kings 1:5 When the messengers returned to him, he asked them, "Why have you come back?"
2 Kings 1:6 They told him, "A man came to meet us and he said, 'Go back to the king who sent you and tell him, "God says, 'Are you asking Baalzebub, the god of Ekron, for help because there's no God in Israel? You won't get up from the bed you're lying on; you will definitely die.'"'"
2 Kings 1:7 He asked them, "What kind of man met you and spoke these words to you?"
2 Kings 1:8 They replied, "He was a hairy man, wearing a leather belt around his waist." And he said, "That's Elijah the Tishbite."
2 Kings 1:9 The king sent a leader of fifty men with his fifty to him. He approached and saw him sitting on the hilltop. He said to him, "Man of God, the king orders you to come down."
2 Kings 1:10 Elijah replied to the officer of fifty, "If I am a man of God, may fire fall from the sky and burn you and your fifty men." And fire fell from the sky and burned him and his fifty men.
2 Kings 1:11 Once more, he sent another captain with his fifty men. He spoke to him, saying, "Man of God, the king orders you to come down at once."
2 Kings 1:12 Elijah replied, "If I am a man of God, may fire fall from the sky and burn you and your fifty men." And God's fire fell from the sky and burned him and his fifty men.
2 Kings 1:13 He sent another leader of fifty with his soldiers. This third leader went to Elijah, knelt down before him, begged him, and said, "Please, man of God, value my life and the lives of these fifty men serving you."
2 Kings 1:14 Look, fire came down from the sky and burned up the two leaders and their groups of fifty; so now, please value my life.
2 Kings 1:15 God's angel said to Elijah, "Go with him. Don't be afraid of him." So Elijah got up and went with him to the king.
2 Kings 1:16 He told him, "God says, 'Because you sent messengers to ask Baalzebub, the god of Ekron, instead of asking me, isn't it because you think there's no God in Israel to seek advice from? So, you won't leave the bed you're lying on; you will definitely die.'"
2 Kings 1:17 He died as God told through Elijah. Jehoram became king after him in the second year of Jehoram, Jehoshaphat's son, king of Judah, because he had no son.
2 Kings 1:18 The other things Ahaziah did are written in the history book of Israel's kings, aren't they?

2 Kings 2:1 When God was about to take Elijah to heaven in a whirlwind, Elijah and Elisha left Gilgal together.
2 Kings 2:2 Elijah said to Elisha, "Please stay here because God has sent me to Bethel." Elisha replied, "As long as God lives and you are alive, I will not leave you." So they went to Bethel.
2 Kings 2:3 The prophet students in Bethel went to Elisha and told him, "Do you know God will take your leader away from you today?" He replied, "Yes, I know; be quiet."
2 Kings 2:4 Elijah told him, "Elisha, please stay here because God has sent me to Jericho." Elisha replied, "As surely as God lives and you are alive, I won't leave you." So they went to Jericho together.
2 Kings 2:5 The prophets' sons in Jericho approached Elisha and asked, "Do you know that God will take your leader away from you today?" He replied, "Yes, I know; be quiet."
2 Kings 2:6 Elijah told him, "Please stay here, because God has sent me to Jordan." He replied, "As surely as God lives, and as you live, I won't leave you." So they both went together.
2 Kings 2:7 Fifty sons of the prophets went and watched from a distance while the two of them stood by the Jordan River.
2 Kings 2:8 Elijah took his cloak, rolled it up, struck the water, and it split apart so they both could cross on dry land.
2 Kings 2:9 When they had crossed over, Elijah said to Elisha, "Tell me what I can do for you before I am taken from you." Elisha replied, "Please, let me inherit a double share of your spirit."
2 Kings 2:10 He said, "You've asked for something difficult. But if you see me as I am being taken from you, you will get what you asked for. If you don't see me, you won't get it."
2 Kings 2:11 As they were walking and talking, suddenly a fiery chariot and fiery horses appeared and separated them; then Elijah was taken up into heaven by a whirlwind.
2 Kings 2:12 Elisha saw it and yelled, "My father, my father, the chariots and horsemen of Israel!" He saw him no more, grabbed his clothes, and tore them in half.
2 Kings 2:13 He picked up Elijah’s cloak that had fallen from him, went back, and stood by the Jordan River’s edge.
2 Kings 2:14 He took Elijah's cloak that dropped, hit the water, and said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" After he struck the water, it split apart, and Elisha crossed over.
2 Kings 2:15 When the prophet students in Jericho saw him, they said, "Elijah's spirit now rests on Elisha." They went to meet him and bowed down to the ground before him.
2 Kings 2:16 They said to him, "Look, we have fifty strong men with us. Please let them go and look for your master. Maybe God's Spirit lifted him and put him on a mountain or in a valley." But he answered, "Do not send them."
2 Kings 2:17 When they pressed him until he felt embarrassed, he said, "Go." So they sent fifty men who searched for three days but did not find him.
2 Kings 2:18 When they returned to him (since he stayed in Jericho), he said, "Didn't I tell you not to go?"
2 Kings 2:19 The city men told Elisha, "Please look, the place of this city is nice, as you see: but the water is bad, and the land does not produce."
2 Kings 2:20 He said, "Bring me a new jar and put salt in it." And they brought it to him.
2 Kings 2:21 He went to the water spring, threw in the salt, and said, "God says, 'I have made these waters healthy; from now on, there will be no more death or unfruitful land here.'"
2 Kings 2:22 The waters are still healed today, just as Elisha had said.
2 Kings 2:23 He went from there to Bethel, and as he was walking along the road, some children came out of the city and made fun of him, saying, "Go on up, you baldy! Go on up, you baldy!"
2 Kings 2:24 He turned around, saw them, and cursed them in God's name. Then two bears came out of the woods and attacked forty-two of the youths.
2 Kings 2:25 He left there for Mount Carmel, and then he went back to Samaria.

2 Kings 3:1 Jehoram, Ahab's son, started to rule over Israel in Samaria during Jehoshaphat's eighteenth year as Judah's king, and he ruled for twelve years.
2 Kings 3:2 He did bad things in God's eyes, but not as much as his father and mother did. He got rid of the Baal statue his father had made.
2 Kings 3:3 He continued doing the same wrongs as Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, who led Israel into sin; he did not stop these actions.
2 Kings 3:4 Mesha, the king of Moab, raised sheep and gave the king of Israel 100,000 lambs and 100,000 rams, along with their wool.
2 Kings 3:5 After Ahab died, the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.
2 Kings 3:6 King Jehoram left Samaria then and counted all the people of Israel.
2 Kings 3:7 He went and sent a message to Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah: "The king of Moab has revolted against me. Will you join me to fight against Moab?" Jehoshaphat replied, "I will go with you. I am like you, my people are like your people, and my horses like your horses."
2 Kings 3:8 He asked, "Which way should we go up?" He replied, "The way through the Edom desert."
2 Kings 3:9 The king of Israel, the king of Judah, and the king of Edom set out and traveled for seven days, but there was no water for the army or the animals with them.
2 Kings 3:10 The king of Israel said, "Oh no! God has brought these three kings together only to let Moab defeat us!"
2 Kings 3:11 Jehoshaphat asked, "Isn't there a prophet of God here so we can ask God for guidance?" And one servant of Israel's king replied, "Elisha, son of Shaphat, who used to help Elijah by pouring water on his hands, is here."
2 Kings 3:12 Jehoshaphat said, "God's message is with him." So the king of Israel, Jehoshaphat, and the king of Edom went to see him.
2 Kings 3:13 Elisha said to the king of Israel, "What do I have to do with you? Go to your father's prophets and your mother's prophets." But the king of Israel replied, "No, because God has brought these three kings together to give them to Moab."
2 Kings 3:14 Elisha said, "As the living God commands, I serve Him. Truly, if not for my respect for Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not even look at or see you."
2 Kings 3:15 Now bring me a musician. And when the musician played, God's power came upon him.
2 Kings 3:16 He said, "God tells us to dig many ditches in this valley."
2 Kings 3:17 God says, "You won't see wind or rain, but the valley will get filled with water so you and your animals can drink."
2 Kings 3:18 This is easy for God; He will also give you victory over the Moabites.
2 Kings 3:19 You must attack every protected city and every valuable city, cut down every good tree, block all the water wells, and cover every good piece of land with stones.
2 Kings 3:20 In the morning, when the grain offering was made, suddenly water flowed from the direction of Edom, and the land was filled with water.
2 Kings 3:21 When all the people of Moab heard that the kings had come to battle them, they called together everyone who could wear armor, and older, and they took positions at the border.
2 Kings 3:22 They got up early in the morning, the sun shined on the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side looking as red as blood.
2 Kings 3:23 They said, "This is blood: the kings must be killed, and they have attacked each other: now, Moab, let's go take their things."
2 Kings 3:24 When they reached Israel's camp, the Israelites got up and struck the Moabites, making them run away. But they kept on attacking the Moabites in their own land.
2 Kings 3:25 They destroyed the cities, threw stones on all the good land, and filled it up; they blocked all the water wells, and cut down the good trees. Only in Kirharaseth did they leave the stones in place; but slingers surrounded it and attacked it.
2 Kings 3:26 When the king of Moab realized the battle was too tough, he took seven hundred swordsmen to try and get to the king of Edom, but they failed.
2 Kings 3:27 He sacrificed his oldest son, who was to become king, as a burnt offering on the wall. This act caused great anger towards Israel, making the people leave and go back to their land.

2 Kings 4:1 A woman whose husband had died, who was one of the prophets' sons, called out to Elisha, "My husband, your servant, is dead. You know he respected God. Now a creditor is here to take my two sons as slaves."
2 Kings 4:2 Elisha asked her, "What can I do for you? Tell me, what do you have at home?" She replied, "Your servant has nothing at home except a jar of oil."
2 Kings 4:3 He said, "Go, ask your neighbors for empty jars. Get a lot of them."
2 Kings 4:4 When you enter, close the door behind you and your sons, pour oil into all the jars, and put aside the ones that are full.
2 Kings 4:5 She left him, closed the door behind her and her sons, they brought the containers to her, and she filled them up.
2 Kings 4:6 When the jars were all full, she told her son, "Bring me another jar." But he replied, "There are no more jars." Then the oil stopped flowing.
2 Kings 4:7 She went to the man of God and told him. He said, "Go, sell the oil, pay what you owe, and use the rest to live on with your children."
2 Kings 4:8 One day, Elisha went to Shunem, where a notable woman lived; she urged him to have some bread. From then on, whenever he came by, he would stop there to eat bread.
2 Kings 4:9 She told her husband, "Look, I think this is a holy man of God who keeps passing by us."
2 Kings 4:10 Let's build a small room on the wall. We'll put a bed, a table, a chair, and a lamp in it for him. So when he visits, he can stay there.
2 Kings 4:11 One day he went there, entered the room, and rested.
2 Kings 4:12 He told his servant Gehazi, "Call this woman from Shunem." When Gehazi called her, she came and stood before him.
2 Kings 4:13 He told him, "Tell her, 'Look, you have done so much for us; what can we do for you? Do you want us to speak to the king or the army commander on your behalf?'" And she replied, "I live among my own people."
2 Kings 4:14 He asked, "So what can be done for her?" Gehazi replied, "Truly, she has no child, and her husband is old."
2 Kings 4:15 He said, "Call her." When he called her, she stood at the door.
2 Kings 4:16 He said, "By this time next year, you will hold a son in your arms." But she replied, "No, my lord, you man of God, do not deceive your servant."
2 Kings 4:17 The woman became pregnant and gave birth to a son at the time Elisha had told her, when it was due.
2 Kings 4:18 When the child grew up, one day he went to his father with the harvesters.
2 Kings 4:19 He told his father, "My head hurts." His father said to a boy, "Take him to his mother."
2 Kings 4:20 After he took him and brought him to his mother, he sat on her lap until noon, and then he died.
2 Kings 4:21 She went up, put him on the man of God's bed, closed the door, and left.
2 Kings 4:22 She asked her husband, "Please send one of the young men and a donkey with me so I can go to the man of God and return."
2 Kings 4:23 He asked, "Why do you want to go to him today? It's not the new moon or the Sabbath." She answered, "It will be okay."
2 Kings 4:24 She put a saddle on a donkey, and told her servant, "Go ahead; don't slow down the ride for me unless I tell you to."
2 Kings 4:25 She went to the man of God at Mount Carmel. When the man of God saw her from a distance, he said to his servant Gehazi, "Look, there is the woman from Shunem."
2 Kings 4:26 Please go now and meet her. Ask her if she is okay, if her husband is okay, and if her child is okay. She replied, "All is well."
2 Kings 4:27 When she arrived at the hill where the man of God was, she grabbed his feet. Gehazi tried to push her away, but the man of God said, "Leave her be; she is deeply troubled, and God has kept the reason hidden from me and hasn't told me."
2 Kings 4:28 Then she said, "Did I ask for a son from you, God? Didn't I say, 'Don't trick me'?"
2 Kings 4:29 He told Gehazi, "Tie your clothes tight, take my staff in your hand, and go. If you meet anyone, don't say hello; if they greet you, don't reply. Put my staff on the child's face."
2 Kings 4:30 The child's mother said, "As long as God lives and you are alive, I won't leave you." So he got up and went with her.
2 Kings 4:31 Gehazi went ahead of them and put the staff on the child's face; but there was no sound or response. So he returned to meet him and told him, "The child has not woken up."
2 Kings 4:32 When Elisha entered the house, he saw the child was dead and lying on his bed.
2 Kings 4:33 He went in, closed the door behind them both, and prayed to God.
2 Kings 4:34 He went up, lay on the child, put his mouth on the child's mouth, his eyes on the child's eyes, his hands on the child's hands, extended himself on the child, and the child's body became warm.
2 Kings 4:35 He went back and forth inside the house, then went up and lay on top of the boy. The boy sneezed seven times and opened his eyes.
2 Kings 4:36 He called Gehazi and said, "Call this woman from Shunem." So he called her. When she came to him, he said, "Pick up your son."
2 Kings 4:37 She went in, knelt at his feet, bowed down, picked up her son, and left.
2 Kings 4:38 Elisha went back to Gilgal where there was a famine. The prophets' sons were with him. He told his helper, "Put on the big pot and cook some stew for the prophets' sons."
2 Kings 4:39 Someone went to the field to pick herbs, found a wild vine, collected a bunch of wild gourds, and came back to cut them up into the pot of soup, because they didn't know what they were.
2 Kings 4:40 They served the food to the men to eat. But while they were eating the stew, they shouted, "Man of God, there is poison in this stew!" So they could not eat it.
2 Kings 4:41 But he said, "Then bring flour." And he threw it into the pot; and he said, "Serve it to the people, so they can eat." And there was nothing bad in the pot.
2 Kings 4:42 A man from Baalshalisha came and brought the man of God twenty barley loaves and fresh ears of corn. He said, "Give it to the people to eat."
2 Kings 4:43 His servant asked, "How can I feed a hundred men with this?" He answered, "Give it to the people to eat, because God says they will eat and have some left over."
2 Kings 4:44 He placed the food before them, and they ate and left some, as God had said.

2 Kings 5:1 Naaman, the leader of the Syrian king's army, was important to his king and respected because through him, God had let Syria win battles. He was also very brave, but he had leprosy.
2 Kings 5:2 The Syrians had attacked in groups and had taken a young girl prisoner from Israel; she served Naaman's wife.
2 Kings 5:3 She told her mistress, "I wish my master were with the prophet in Samaria, because he could cure his leprosy."
2 Kings 5:4 Someone went and told his master, "The girl from Israel said this and this."
2 Kings 5:5 The king of Syria said, "Go ahead, go, and I will send a letter to the king of Israel." He left, taking with him ten talents of silver, six thousand gold coins, and ten sets of clothes.
2 Kings 5:6 He took the letter to the king of Israel, which said, "When you get this letter, know that I have sent my servant Naaman to you so you can heal him of his leprosy."
2 Kings 5:7 When the king of Israel read the letter, he tore his clothes and said, "Am I God, able to kill or bring to life, that this man sends someone to me to heal his leprosy? See how he is trying to start a fight with me."
2 Kings 5:8 When Elisha, the man of God, found out that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent a message to the king asking, "Why have you torn your clothes? Let him come to me, and he will learn that there is a prophet in Israel."
2 Kings 5:9 Naaman came with his horses and chariot, and stopped at the door of Elisha's house.
2 Kings 5:10 Elisha sent a messenger to him, saying, "Go and bathe in the Jordan River seven times, and your skin will be healed, and you will be clean."
2 Kings 5:11 But Naaman was angry and left, saying, "Look, I thought he would surely come out to me, stand, and pray to God, then wave his hand over the spot and heal the skin disease."
2 Kings 5:12 Aren't Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all Israel's waters? Can't I wash in them and be clean? So he left, angry.
2 Kings 5:13 His helpers came close and spoke to him, saying, "If the prophet had told you to do something big, you would have done it, right? So, shouldn't you do it when he simply tells you, 'Wash and be clean'?"
2 Kings 5:14 He went down and dipped himself seven times in the Jordan River, as God's man had said. His skin became like a young child's, and he was clean.
2 Kings 5:15 He went back to the man of God with his group. He stood in front of him and said, "Now I understand there is no God anywhere on earth except in Israel. Please accept a gift from me, your servant."
2 Kings 5:16 He said, "As God lives, before whom I serve, I won't take anything." Though he was pressed to accept, he still refused.
2 Kings 5:17 Naaman asked, "Please, can your servant take two mules' load of soil? Because from now on, your servant will not offer burnt offerings or sacrifices to other gods, only to God."
2 Kings 5:18 Please God, forgive me, your servant, for when my boss goes into Rimmon's temple to pray and leans on me, and I kneel down in Rimmon's temple, please forgive me for this.
2 Kings 5:19 He said to him, "Leave in peace." So he left and went a short distance away.
2 Kings 5:20 Gehazi, Elisha's helper, thought, "Look, my boss didn't take what Naaman the Syrian offered. But as God lives, I'll chase after him and get something from him."
2 Kings 5:21 So Gehazi ran after Naaman. When Naaman saw him coming, he got off his chariot to meet him and asked, "Is everything okay?"
2 Kings 5:22 He said, "Everything is fine. My master sent me, saying, 'Look, two young prophets from Mount Ephraim have just come to me. Please give them some silver and two sets of clothes.'"
2 Kings 5:23 Naaman said, "Please, take two talents." He insisted, so he put two talents of silver in two bags, along with two sets of clothes, and placed them on two of his servants; and they carried them ahead of him.
2 Kings 5:24 When he got to the tower, he took the items from their hands, placed them in the house, and allowed the men to leave, and they went away.
2 Kings 5:25 He went in and stood before his boss. Elisha asked him, "Where did you come from, Gehazi?" And he replied, "Your servant didn't go anywhere."
2 Kings 5:26 He asked him, "Didn't I feel it when the man came back from his chariot to meet you? Is this the time to take money, clothes, olive groves, vineyards, sheep, cattle, male and female servants?"
2 Kings 5:27 Naaman's leprosy will stick to you and your descendants forever. He left with skin as white as a leper's.

2 Kings 6:1 The prophet's sons said to Elisha, "Look, the place where we stay with you is too small for us."
2 Kings 6:2 Please let us go to the Jordan River, and let each of us take a piece of wood so we can build ourselves a place to stay. And he replied, "Go ahead."
2 Kings 6:3 Someone said, "Please agree and come with your servants." He replied, "I will go."
2 Kings 6:4 He went with them. When they reached the Jordan River, they cut down trees.
2 Kings 6:5 While someone was cutting a tree, the axe head dropped into the water and he shouted, "Oh no, master! It was borrowed."
2 Kings 6:6 The man of God asked, "Where did it fall?" He showed him the spot. Then he cut a stick and threw it there, and the iron floated.
2 Kings 6:7 So he said, "Pick it up yourself." Then he reached out his hand and took it.
2 Kings 6:8 The Syrian king fought against Israel and talked with his advisors, saying, "My camp will be in a certain place."
2 Kings 6:9 The man of God warned the king of Israel, "Be careful not to go near that place, because the Syrians have come there."
2 Kings 6:10 The king of Israel went to the place that the man of God had told him about and warned him about, and he kept himself safe there more than once.
2 Kings 6:11 So the king of Syria was very upset about this; he called his servants and asked them, "Won't you tell me who among us is on the side of the king of Israel?"
2 Kings 6:12 One of his servants said, "No, my king; but Elisha, the prophet in Israel, tells the king of Israel the words you speak in your bedroom."
2 Kings 6:13 He said, "Go find out where he is, so I can send someone to get him." They told him, "He is in Dothan."
2 Kings 6:14 So he sent horses, chariots, and a large army there. They arrived at night and surrounded the city.
2 Kings 6:15 When God's man's helper got up early and went outside, he saw an army with horses and chariots surrounding the city. The helper said to him, "Oh no, my master! What will we do?"
2 Kings 6:16 He replied, "Don't be afraid: we have more on our side than they have on theirs."
2 Kings 6:17 Elisha prayed and said, "God, please open his eyes so he can see." And God opened the young man's eyes, and he saw the mountain was full of horses and fiery chariots around Elisha.
2 Kings 6:18 When they got to Elisha, he prayed to God, "Please make these people blind." So God made them blind, just as Elisha had said.
2 Kings 6:19 Elisha said to them, "This is not the right way, and this is not the city. Follow me, and I will take you to the man you are looking for." But he took them to Samaria.
2 Kings 6:20 When they arrived in Samaria, Elisha said, "God, please let these men see." And God let them see, and they saw that they were in Samaria.
2 Kings 6:21 The king of Israel said to Elisha when he saw the men, "My father, should I attack them? Should I attack them?"
2 Kings 6:22 He replied, "Don't hurt them. Would you attack those you've captured with your sword and bow? Give them food and water so they can eat, drink, and return to their leader."
2 Kings 6:23 He made a lot of food for them, and after they ate and drank, he sent them off, and they returned to their leader. So, the Syrian groups did not enter Israel again.
2 Kings 6:24 After this, Benhadad the king of Syria brought together all his army, and they went and surrounded Samaria.
2 Kings 6:25 There was a severe famine in Samaria, and they were surrounded. During the siege, a donkey's head was sold for eighty silver coins, and a small amount of dove manure for five silver coins.
2 Kings 6:26 As the king of Israel walked along the wall, a woman called out to him, saying, "Help me, my lord, O king."
2 Kings 6:27 He said, "If God won't help you, where can I help you from? The threshing floor or the winepress?"
2 Kings 6:28 The king asked her, "What's wrong?" She replied, "This woman told me, 'Give me your son so we can eat him today, and tomorrow we'll eat my son.'"
2 Kings 6:29 We cooked my son and ate him. The next day I told her, "Give us your son to eat," but she hid her son.
2 Kings 6:30 When the king heard what the woman said, he tore his clothes. As he walked along the wall, the people saw that he was wearing sackcloth under his clothes against his skin.
2 Kings 6:31 He said, "May God punish me even more if Elisha, son of Shaphat, keeps his head today."
2 Kings 6:32 Elisha was sitting in his house with the elders when the king sent a man to him. Before the man arrived, Elisha said to the elders, "Can you see that this murderer's son wants to cut off my head? When his messenger arrives, close the door and keep him there. Isn't the sound of his boss's footsteps following him?"
2 Kings 6:33 While he was still talking to them, look, the messenger came to him and said, "Look, this trouble is from God; why should I wait for God any longer?"

2 Kings 7:1 Elisha said, "Listen to God's message: Tomorrow at this time, you can buy a measure of fine flour for one shekel and two measures of barley for one shekel at the gate of Samaria."
2 Kings 7:2 A high-ranking official who the king trusted spoke to the man of God, saying, "Look, even if God could open windows in the sky, could this happen?" The man of God replied, "You will see it with your own eyes, but you will not eat any of it."
2 Kings 7:3 At the gate entrance, there were four men with leprosy. They asked each other, "Why are we sitting here waiting to die?"
2 Kings 7:4 If we say, "Let's go into the city," but there's famine in the city and we'll die there, and if we stay here, we'll die too. So, let's go to the Syrian army. If they spare us, we'll live; if they kill us, we'll just die.
2 Kings 7:5 They got up at dusk to go to the Syrian camp, and when they reached the edge of the Syrian camp, there was no one there.
2 Kings 7:6 God made the Syrian army hear sounds of chariots and horses, and the noise of a large army. They said to each other, "Look, the king of Israel has paid the kings of the Hittites and the kings of Egypt to attack us."
2 Kings 7:7 So they got up and ran away at dusk, leaving their tents, horses, donkeys, and the camp just as it was, running to save their lives.
2 Kings 7:8 When the lepers reached the edge of the camp, they entered a tent, ate, drank, took silver, gold, and clothes, then went and hid them. They returned, went into another tent, took things, and hid those too.
2 Kings 7:9 They said to each other, "We are not doing right. This is a day of good news, yet we are silent. If we wait until morning, trouble will come to us. Let's go now and tell the king's family."
2 Kings 7:10 They went and called to the city gatekeeper, and they said, "We went to the Syrian camp, and look, there was no one there, no sound of anyone, only horses and donkeys tied up, and the tents left just as they were."
2 Kings 7:11 He called the gatekeepers, and they reported it to the king's palace inside.
2 Kings 7:12 The king got up at night and told his servants, "I will show you what the Syrians have done to us. They know we are hungry; so they have left their camp to hide in the field, thinking, 'When they leave the city, we will capture them alive and enter the city.'"
2 Kings 7:13 One of his servants replied, "Please, let's take five of the remaining horses in the city – they're like the few people of Israel still here; just as the rest of the Israelites who are gone – and let's go to find out."
2 Kings 7:14 They used two war horses, and the king sent them to follow the Syrian army, telling them, "Go and look."
2 Kings 7:15 They followed them to the Jordan River, and look, the whole path was covered with clothes and items that the Syrians had thrown away as they fled quickly. The messengers came back and told the king.
2 Kings 7:16 The people went out and took things from the Syrian tents. A unit of good flour was sold for a coin, and two units of barley for a coin, just as God had said.
2 Kings 7:17 The king put the officer he relied on in charge of the gate, but the people trampled him there and he died, just like the man of God had predicted when the king visited him.
2 Kings 7:18 As the man of God told the king, "Tomorrow at this time, two measures of barley or one measure of fine flour will cost a shekel at the gate of Samaria."
2 Kings 7:19 The lord replied to the man of God, "Look, even if God could open windows in the sky, could this happen?" The man of God said, "You will see it with your own eyes, but you won't eat any of it."
2 Kings 7:20 And so it happened to him: the crowd stepped on him at the gate, and he died.

2 Kings 8:1 Elisha spoke to the woman whose son he had brought back to life, "Get up, take your family and find a place to stay, because God has announced a seven-year famine that will happen in the land."
2 Kings 8:2 The woman got up and did what the man of God said. She left with her family and lived in the land of the Philistines for seven years.
2 Kings 8:3 After seven years, the woman came back from the Philistines' land and begged the king for her house and her land.
2 Kings 8:4 The king spoke with Gehazi, the servant of God's man, and said, "Please tell me about all the amazing things Elisha has done."
2 Kings 8:5 As he was explaining to the king how he brought a dead person back to life, the woman whose son was brought back to life begged the king for her house and land. Gehazi said, "My king, this is the woman, and her son is the one Elisha brought back to life."
2 Kings 8:6 When the king asked the woman, she answered. The king then assigned an officer to her, saying, "Give back everything that belonged to her, and all the crops from her land from the day she left until now."
2 Kings 8:7 Elisha went to Damascus; King Benhadad of Syria was ill; people told him, "The man of God has arrived here."
2 Kings 8:8 The king told Hazael, "Take a gift in your hand, go to the man of God, and ask God through him, 'Will I get better from this illness?'"
2 Kings 8:9 So Hazael went to see him, bringing gifts of the best items from Damascus, enough to load forty camels. He arrived and stood before him and said, "Your son Benhadad, the king of Syria, has sent me to ask, 'Will I get better from this illness?'"
2 Kings 8:10 Elisha told him, "Go and tell him, 'You will surely get well.' But God has shown me that he will definitely die."
2 Kings 8:11 He looked intently until the other felt embarrassed; then the man of God cried.
2 Kings 8:12 Hazael asked, "Why is my master crying?" He replied, "Because I know the bad things you will do to the people of Israel: you will burn down their fortresses, kill their young men with the sword, smash their children, and cut open their pregnant women."
2 Kings 8:13 Hazael asked, "Am I a dog to do such a big thing?" Elisha replied, "God has shown me you will become king of Syria."
2 Kings 8:14 He left Elisha, went to his master, who asked him, "What did Elisha say to you?" He replied, "He told me you would definitely get better."
2 Kings 8:15 The next day, he took a heavy cloth, soaked it in water, and put it over his face until he died; then Hazael became king in his place.
2 Kings 8:16 In the fifth year of Joram, Ahab's son and king of Israel, with Jehoshaphat as king of Judah, Jehoram, Jehoshaphat's son, started to rule as king of Judah.
2 Kings 8:17 He was 32 years old when he became king; he ruled for 8 years in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 8:18 He followed the path of Israel's kings, like Ahab's family did, because he married Ahab's daughter, and he did wrong in God's eyes.
2 Kings 8:19 But God would not destroy Judah for David his servant, because he promised to always give him and his children a light.
2 Kings 8:20 During his reign, Edom rebelled against Judah's control and chose their own king.
2 Kings 8:21 Joram went to Zair with all his chariots. He attacked at night and defeated the Edomites and their chariot leaders who had surrounded him. Then the people ran away to their tents.
2 Kings 8:22 Edom rebelled against Judah and is still rebelling today. At that time, Libnah also rebelled.
2 Kings 8:23 The other things Joram did and his deeds, aren't they written in the record book of Judah's kings?
2 Kings 8:24 Joram died like his ancestors and was buried with them in David's city; then his son Ahaziah became king after him.
2 Kings 8:25 Ahaziah, son of Jehoram and king of Judah, started to rule in the twelfth year of Joram, Ahab's son and king of Israel.
2 Kings 8:26 Ahaziah was twenty-two years old when he became king, and he ruled for one year in Jerusalem. His mother was Athaliah, Omri's daughter, the king of Israel.
2 Kings 8:27 He followed Ahab's family's path, and did bad things that God saw, just like Ahab's family did, because he was married into Ahab's family.
2 Kings 8:28 He went with Joram, Ahab's son, to fight Hazael, the king of Syria, at Ramothgilead; and the Syrians hurt Joram.
2 Kings 8:29 King Joram returned to Jezreel to heal from his injuries received from the Syrians at Ramah, during his fight with King Hazael of Syria. Ahaziah, son of King Jehoram of Judah, visited Joram, son of Ahab, in Jezreel because he was ill.

2 Kings 9:1 The prophet Elisha called one of the student prophets and said to him, "Tie up your clothes and take this jar of oil in your hand, and go to Ramoth-gilead."
2 Kings 9:2 When you get there, find Jehu, the son of Jehoshaphat, the son of Nimshi. Go inside, ask him to stand up from his brothers, and take him to a private room.
2 Kings 9:3 Take the bottle of oil, pour it on his head, and say, "God says, 'I have made you king over Israel.'" Then open the door, run away, and don't stop.
2 Kings 9:4 The young man, the prophet, went to Ramothgilead.
2 Kings 9:5 When he arrived, he saw the army leaders sitting and said, "I have a message for you, captain." Jehu asked, "Which one of us?" He replied, "For you, captain."
2 Kings 9:6 He got up, went into the house, put oil on his head, and said, "God of Israel says, I have made you king over God's people, over Israel."
2 Kings 9:7 You will strike down the family of Ahab your master, so I can get revenge for the murder of my prophets and all of God's servants killed by Jezebel.
2 Kings 9:8 Everyone from Ahab's family will die; I will destroy every male in Ahab's family, whether free or imprisoned in Israel.
2 Kings 9:9 I will make Ahab's family like Jeroboam's family, the son of Nebat, and like Baasha's family, the son of Ahijah.
2 Kings 9:10 Dogs will eat Jezebel in Jezreel's land, and no one will bury her. He opened the door and ran away.
2 Kings 9:11 Then Jehu went out to his master's servants. One asked him, "Is everything okay? Why did this crazy man come to you?" Jehu replied, "You know the man and what he talks about."
2 Kings 9:12 They said, "That's not true; tell us." He replied, "He told me this: 'God says, I have chosen you to be king of Israel.'"
2 Kings 9:13 They hurried, each man took his clothes, laid them on the steps under him, and blowing trumpets, said, "Jehu is king."
2 Kings 9:14 Jehu, son of Jehoshaphat and grandson of Nimshi, plotted against Joram. Joram was defending Ramoth-gilead with all of Israel's help against Hazael, the king of Syria.
2 Kings 9:15 King Joram went back to recover in Jezreel from injuries the Syrians caused him during his battle with Hazael, the king of Syria. Jehu said, "If you agree, make sure no one leaves the city to report this in Jezreel."
2 Kings 9:16 So Jehu rode in a chariot to Jezreel because Joram was there. Ahaziah, the king of Judah, had come to visit Joram.
2 Kings 9:17 A guard on the tower in Jezreel saw Jehu's group coming and said, "I see a group." Joram said, "Send a horseman to ask if they come in peace."
2 Kings 9:18 Someone rode out to meet him and said, "The king asks, 'Is everything peaceful?'" Jehu replied, "What concern is peace to you? Follow me." The lookout reported, "The messenger reached them but isn't coming back."
2 Kings 9:19 He sent another rider who went to them and said, "The king asks, 'Is everything peaceful?'" Jehu replied, "What does peace matter to you? Follow me."
2 Kings 9:20 The guard reported, "He reached them but hasn't returned; his driving style is like Jehu, Nimshi's son, because he drives very fast."
2 Kings 9:21 Joram said, "Get ready." His chariot was prepared. Joram, king of Israel, and Ahaziah, king of Judah, each rode in their chariots to confront Jehu. They met him on Naboth the Jezreelite's land.
2 Kings 9:22 When Joram saw Jehu, he asked, "Is it peace, Jehu?" Jehu replied, "How can there be peace while your mother Jezebel does so many acts of unfaithfulness and witchcraft?"
2 Kings 9:23 Joram turned around, ran away, and said to Ahaziah, "It's a trap, Ahaziah."
2 Kings 9:24 Jehu pulled his bow with all his strength and hit Jehoram between his arms; the arrow came out through his heart, and he slumped down in his chariot.
2 Kings 9:25 Jehu told his officer Bidkar, "Pick him up and throw him into Naboth the Jezreelite's field. Remember when you and I rode together after Ahab's father, God placed this judgment on him."
2 Kings 9:26 Indeed, I saw yesterday the murder of Naboth and his sons, says God; and I will repay you on this piece of land, says God. Now, take him and throw him onto this piece of land, following God's command.
2 Kings 9:27 But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw it, he ran through the garden house. Jehu chased him, saying, "Hit him in his chariot too." They did that near Gur, close to Ibleam. He escaped to Megiddo and died there.
2 Kings 9:28 His servants took him by chariot to Jerusalem and buried him in his tomb with his ancestors in the city of David.
2 Kings 9:29 In the eleventh year of Joram, Ahaziah, Ahab's son, started to rule over Judah.
2 Kings 9:30 When Jehu arrived in Jezreel, Jezebel heard about it. She put makeup on her face, did her hair, and looked out the window.
2 Kings 9:31 As Jehu came through the gate, she asked, "Did Zimri have peace after he killed his master?"
2 Kings 9:32 He looked up at the window and asked, "Who's with me? Who?" Two or three eunuchs peered down at him.
2 Kings 9:33 He said, "Throw her down." So they threw her down, and her blood splattered on the wall and horses, and he trampled her.
2 Kings 9:34 When he came in, he ate and drank, and said, Go and see that cursed woman, and bury her, because she is the daughter of a king.
2 Kings 9:35 They went to bury her, but only found her skull, feet, and the palms of her hands.
2 Kings 9:36 So they returned and reported to him. He said, "This is God's message, which He gave through His servant Elijah the Tishbite: 'In the area of Jezreel, dogs will eat Jezebel's body.'"
2 Kings 9:37 Jezebel's dead body will be like manure on the ground in Jezreel, so no one can say, "This is Jezebel."

2 Kings 10:1 Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria. Jehu wrote letters and sent them to Samaria's leaders, the elders, and the caregivers of Ahab's children, saying.
2 Kings 10:2 As soon as you get this letter, since the sons of your master are with you, along with chariots, horses, a fortified city, and weapons;
2 Kings 10:3 Choose the best and most suitable of your master's sons, put him on his father's throne, and defend your master's house.
2 Kings 10:4 They were very afraid and said, "Look, two kings couldn't stand against him. How can we stand?"
2 Kings 10:5 The person in charge of the house, the city leader, the old men, and those taking care of the children sent a message to Jehu, saying, "We are your servants and will do whatever you tell us; we won't make anyone king: do what you think is best."
2 Kings 10:6 He wrote another letter to them, saying, If you are my followers and listen to me, take the heads of your master's sons and come to me at Jezreel by this time tomorrow. The king's seventy sons were with the city's leaders, who were raising them.
2 Kings 10:7 When they received the letter, they killed the king's seventy sons, put their heads in baskets, and sent them to Jezreel.
2 Kings 10:8 A messenger came and told him, "They have brought the heads of the king's sons." He replied, "Put them in two piles by the gate entrance until morning."
2 Kings 10:9 In the morning, he went out, stood, and said to everyone, "You are good people: look, I plotted against my master and killed him; but who killed all these others?"
2 Kings 10:10 Understand that none of God's words about Ahab's family will fail to happen; God has done exactly what he said through his servant Elijah.
2 Kings 10:11 Jehu killed everyone left from Ahab's family in Jezreel, along with all his important men, relatives, and priests, leaving no one alive.
2 Kings 10:12 He got up, left, and went to Samaria. On the way, as he was near the place where sheep are sheared,
2 Kings 10:13 Jehu met Ahaziah's brothers, the king of Judah, and asked, "Who are you?" They replied, "We are Ahaziah's brothers, and we are going to greet the king's and queen's children."
2 Kings 10:14 He said, "Capture them alive." So they captured them alive and killed them at the shearing house pit, all 42 men; he did not spare any of them.
2 Kings 10:15 After he left that place, he met Jehonadab, Rechab's son, who was coming to greet him. He welcomed him and asked, "Is your heart true, as my heart is with yours?" Jehonadab replied, "It is." "If so, give me your hand." Then he reached out his hand, and Jehonadab took it and climbed into the chariot with him.
2 Kings 10:16 He said, "Come with me and see how eager I am for God." So they had him ride in his chariot.
2 Kings 10:17 When he arrived in Samaria, he killed all of Ahab's remaining followers until he had completely destroyed them, just as God had told Elijah.
2 Kings 10:18 Jehu brought all the people together and said to them, Ahab worshiped Baal a little, but Jehu will worship him a lot.
2 Kings 10:19 Now, call all of Baal's prophets, his servants, and his priests to me; make sure no one is missing, because I have a big sacrifice for Baal; whoever is missing will not survive. But Jehu planned this trick to destroy all who worship Baal.
2 Kings 10:20 Jehu said, "Call a special meeting for Baal." And they announced it.
2 Kings 10:21 Jehu sent messages throughout Israel, and all of Baal's followers came, leaving no one behind. They entered Baal's temple, filling it completely.
2 Kings 10:22 He told the one in charge of the clothes, "Get robes for all the Baal worshipers." So he gave them robes.
2 Kings 10:23 Jehu and Jehonadab, Rechab's son, went into Baal's temple and said to Baal's followers, "Check and make sure that none of God's servants are here with you, only Baal's worshippers."
2 Kings 10:24 When they entered to give sacrifices and burn offerings, Jehu set eighty men outside and said, "If any of the men I've delivered to you get away, whoever lets him escape will pay with his own life for the fugitive's life."
2 Kings 10:25 When he finished giving the burnt offering, Jehu told the guards and captains, "Go in and kill them; let no one escape." They killed them with their swords, dragged the bodies out, and then went into Baal's temple.
2 Kings 10:26 They took the idols from the Baal temple and burned them.
2 Kings 10:27 They destroyed the idol of Baal, tore down Baal's temple, and turned it into a public toilet, which it remains to this day.
2 Kings 10:28 Jehu got rid of Baal worship in Israel.
2 Kings 10:29 However, Jehu did not turn away from the sins of Jeroboam, son of Nebat, who caused Israel to sin, specifically the golden calves in Bethel and Dan.
2 Kings 10:30 God said to Jehu, "Because you have done well in doing what is right in my eyes, and have done to Ahab's family all that I wanted, your descendants up to the fourth generation will sit on the throne of Israel."
2 Kings 10:31 But Jehu did not care to follow God's laws with all his heart: he kept on sinning like Jeroboam, leading Israel to sin.
2 Kings 10:32 At that time, God started to reduce Israel's size: and Hazael attacked them throughout Israel's borders.
2 Kings 10:33 East of the Jordan River, the land of Gilead belonged to the tribes of Gad, Reuben, and half of the tribe of Manasseh, stretching from Aroer by the Arnon River to Gilead and Bashan.
2 Kings 10:34 The other things Jehu did, all his actions and strength, are they not recorded in the book of the records of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 10:35 Jehu died and was buried in Samaria. Then his son Jehoahaz became the ruler after him.
2 Kings 10:36 Jehu was king of Israel in Samaria for twenty-eight years.

2 Kings 11:1 When Athaliah, Ahaziah's mother, saw her son was dead, she got up and killed all the royal family members.
2 Kings 11:2 Jehosheba, King Joram's daughter and Ahaziah's sister, took Joash, Ahaziah's son, and saved him from the king's sons who were killed. She and a nurse hid him in a bedroom to protect him from Athaliah, so he was not killed.
2 Kings 11:3 He stayed hidden with her in God's house for six years while Athaliah ruled the land.
2 Kings 11:4 In the seventh year, Jehoiada sent for the commanders of units of a hundred, the officers and the guards, and brought them to him in God's house. There, he made an agreement with them and had them swear an oath in God's house. He then showed them the king's son.
2 Kings 11:5 He told them, "Here's what you must do: one-third of you who come on the Sabbath will guard the king's palace."
2 Kings 11:6 One third of you will stand at the gate of Sur, another third at the gate behind the guard, and you will guard the house to prevent it from being broken into.
2 Kings 11:7 Two-thirds of you who go out on the Sabbath must guard God's house around the king.
2 Kings 11:8 Surround the king, everyone with their weapons ready: if someone approaches, kill them. Stay with the king wherever he goes.
2 Kings 11:9 The leaders of the hundreds did everything Priest Jehoiada told them. Each one gathered his men who were to come in on the Sabbath and those going out on the Sabbath and went to Priest Jehoiada.
2 Kings 11:10 The priest gave David's spears and shields, which were in God's temple, to the captains of hundreds.
2 Kings 11:11 The guards stood around the king, each with his weapon in hand, from the temple's right side to the left side, near the altar and the temple.
2 Kings 11:12 He brought out the king's son, put the crown on him, gave him the law; they made him king, anointed him, clapped their hands, and said, "God save the king."
2 Kings 11:13 When Athaliah heard the noise of the guards and the crowd, she went to where the people were in God's temple.
2 Kings 11:14 When she saw, the king was standing by a column, as was the custom, with the leaders and trumpet players near him. All the people were very happy and played their trumpets. Then Athaliah tore her clothes and shouted, "Treason! Treason!"
2 Kings 11:15 Jehoiada the priest told the army leaders, "Take her out beyond the temple area. If anyone follows her, kill them with the sword." He had said, "Don't kill her in God's house."
2 Kings 11:16 They grabbed her, and she took the path that the horses used to enter the king's palace, where she was killed.
2 Kings 11:17 Jehoiada made a promise between God, the king, and the people that they would be God's people, and also between the king and the people.
2 Kings 11:18 Everyone in the land entered Baal's temple, destroyed it, broke his altars and statues completely, and killed Mattan, Baal's priest, by the altars. And the priest set up guards for God’s house.
2 Kings 11:19 He gathered the leaders of hundreds, commanders, guards, and everyone in the land; they took the king from God's house, went through the guard gate to the royal palace, and he sat on the kings' throne.
2 Kings 11:20 All the people of the land were happy, and the city was peaceful; they killed Athaliah with a sword near the king's house.
2 Kings 11:21 Jehoash was seven years old when he became king.

2 Kings 12:1 Jehoash became king in the seventh year of Jehu's rule; he was king for forty years in Jerusalem. His mother was named Zibiah from Beersheba.
2 Kings 12:2 Jehoash did what was right in God's eyes all the days Jehoiada the priest taught him.
2 Kings 12:3 But the high places were not removed: the people continued to offer sacrifices and burn incense there.
2 Kings 12:4 Jehoash told the priests, "All the dedicated money brought to God's house, including everyone's counted contribution, the set value of each person, and any money given willingly to God's house,
2 Kings 12:5 Let the priests receive it from each person they know and use it to fix any damage found in the house.
2 Kings 12:6 In the twenty-third year of King Jehoash's rule, the priests had not yet fixed the temple's damage.
2 Kings 12:7 King Jehoash called Jehoiada the priest and the other priests, and asked them, "Why haven't you fixed the broken parts of the temple? Don't take any more money from your friends, but use it to repair the temple."
2 Kings 12:8 The priests agreed to stop taking money from the people and not to fix the damages to the temple.
2 Kings 12:9 Priest Jehoiada took a box, made a hole in its top, and placed it by the altar on the right side as you enter God's house. The priests guarding the door put all the money given to God's house into the box.
2 Kings 12:10 When they saw a lot of money in the chest, the king's writer and the high priest went to it, put the money in bags, and counted what was found in God's house.
2 Kings 12:11 They gave the collected money to the workers who oversaw the temple of God, and they paid the carpenters and builders working on the temple of God.
2 Kings 12:12 To stoneworkers and stone cutters, and to buy wood and cut stone to fix the damages of God's house, and for all spent on the house to repair it.
2 Kings 12:13 However, they did not make for God's house any silver bowls, trimming scissors, basins, trumpets, gold items, or silver items with the money that was brought into God's house.
2 Kings 12:14 But they gave it to the workers, who used it to fix God's house.
2 Kings 12:15 Also, they did not check on the men who they gave the money to pay the workers, because they were honest.
2 Kings 12:16 The money from wrongdoings and from sin was not taken into God's house: it belonged to the priests.
2 Kings 12:17 Then Hazael, the king of Syria, attacked and captured Gath, and then he planned to attack Jerusalem.
2 Kings 12:18 King Jehoash of Judah gathered all the holy items that his ancestors, Kings Jehoshaphat, Jehoram, and Ahaziah of Judah, had set apart for God, along with his own holy items and all the gold found in God's temple and in the royal palace. He sent them to King Hazael of Syria, who then left Jerusalem.
2 Kings 12:19 The other things Joash did are written in the book of the history of Judah's kings, aren't they?
2 Kings 12:20 His servants got up, made a plot, and killed Joash at the house of Millo, near Silla.
2 Kings 12:21 Jozachar, Shimeath's son, and Jehozabad, Shomer's son, who were his servants, struck him, and he died. They buried him with his ancestors in David's city, and his son Amaziah became king after him.

2 Kings 13:1 In the twenty-third year of Joash, Ahaziah's son, who was king of Judah, Jehoahaz, Jehu's son, started to rule over Israel in Samaria, and he ruled for seventeen years.
2 Kings 13:2 He did evil in God's eyes and followed Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin; he did not turn away from it.
2 Kings 13:3 God became very angry with Israel, and He allowed Hazael, king of Syria, and Hazael's son Benhadad, to defeat them repeatedly.
2 Kings 13:4 Jehoahaz asked God for help, and God listened to him because he saw that the king of Syria was oppressing Israel.
2 Kings 13:5 God gave Israel a rescuer, so they were freed from Syrian rule, and the Israelites lived in their homes as they used to.
2 Kings 13:6 Still, they did not stop doing the same wrongs that Jeroboam made Israel do; they continued in those ways. The worship place in Samaria stayed too.
2 Kings 13:7 God let Jehoahaz keep only fifty horsemen, ten chariots, and ten thousand foot soldiers because the king of Syria had defeated them and reduced them to dust.
2 Kings 13:8 The other things Jehoahaz did, his actions, and his power, aren't they all written in the history book of Israel's kings?
2 Kings 13:9 Jehoahaz died and was buried in Samaria; his son Joash became king after him.
2 Kings 13:10 In the thirty-seventh year of Joash's rule in Judah, Jehoash son of Jehoahaz became king of Israel in Samaria and ruled for sixteen years.
2 Kings 13:11 He did evil things that God saw; he did not stop following Jeroboam Nebat's son's sins, which led Israel to sin, but continued in them.
2 Kings 13:12 The other things Joash did, everything he achieved, and how strongly he fought against King Amaziah of Judah, are all written in the Israelite kings' records, right?
2 Kings 13:13 Joash died like his ancestors; Jeroboam became king; and they buried Joash in Samaria with Israel's kings.
2 Kings 13:14 Elisha became very sick with the illness that would cause his death. Joash, the king of Israel, visited him, cried over him, and said, "Oh my father, my father, you are like the strength and protection of Israel."
2 Kings 13:15 Elisha told him, "Get a bow and some arrows." So he got a bow and some arrows.
2 Kings 13:16 He told the king of Israel, "Put your hand on the bow." So he did, and then Elisha placed his hands on the king's hands.
2 Kings 13:17 He said, "Open the east window," and he opened it. Then Elisha said, "Shoot," and he shot. Elisha declared, "This is God's arrow of victory, the arrow of victory over Syria. You will defeat the Syrians in Aphek until you destroy them."
2 Kings 13:18 He said, "Take the arrows." So he took them. Then he told the king of Israel, "Hit the ground." The king hit the ground three times and stopped.
2 Kings 13:19 The man of God was angry with him and said, "You should have struck five or six times; then you would have defeated Syria completely. But now you will defeat Syria only three times."
2 Kings 13:20 Elisha died and was buried. At the start of the year, Moabite raiders attacked the land.
2 Kings 13:21 While they were burying a man, they saw a group of men coming. They threw the man into Elisha's tomb. When the man touched Elisha's bones, he came back to life and stood up.
2 Kings 13:22 Hazael, the king of Syria, was cruel to Israel all the time Jehoahaz was king.
2 Kings 13:23 God was kind to them, felt sorry for them, and cared about them because of his promise to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and did not want to destroy them or send them away from him at that time.
2 Kings 13:24 So Hazael the king of Syria died; and his son Benhadad became king after him.
2 Kings 13:25 Joash, son of Jehoahaz, won back from Benhadad, son of Hazael, the towns he had taken from Joash's father Jehoahaz in battle. Joash defeated him three times and took back the Israeli cities.

2 Kings 14:1 Amaziah, son of Joash, became king of Judah in the second year of Joash, son of Jehoahaz, king of Israel.
2 Kings 14:2 He was 25 years old when he became king and ruled for 29 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Jehoaddan from Jerusalem.
2 Kings 14:3 He did what was good in God's eyes, but not as well as David his ancestor did; he acted just like his father Joash.
2 Kings 14:4 However, the high places were not removed: the people still sacrificed and burned incense there.
2 Kings 14:5 As soon as he secured control of the kingdom, he killed the servants who had murdered his father, the king.
2 Kings 14:6 He did not kill the murderers' children. It was in Moses' law book, where God said, "Parents should not die for their children, nor children for their parents; every person should die for their own sin."
2 Kings 14:7 He killed ten thousand Edomites in the Valley of Salt, captured Selah through battle, and named it Joktheel, which is still its name today.
2 Kings 14:8 Amaziah sent people to talk to Jehoash, son of Jehoahaz and Jehu, king of Israel, to say, "Come, let's meet face to face."
2 Kings 14:9 King Jehoash of Israel sent a message to King Amaziah of Judah: "The small bush in Lebanon sent a message to the big tree in Lebanon, asking, 'Let your daughter marry my son.' But then a wild animal in Lebanon walked over and crushed the small bush.
2 Kings 14:10 You have truly defeated Edom, and now you are proud. Celebrate this victory but stay home. Why get involved in more conflict that will only bring harm to you and make you and Judah fall?
2 Kings 14:11 Amaziah wouldn't listen. So Jehoash, the king of Israel, went and faced Amaziah, the king of Judah, at Bethshemesh in Judah.
2 Kings 14:12 Judah was defeated by Israel, and everyone ran back to their tents.
2 Kings 14:13 King Jehoash of Israel captured King Amaziah of Judah, the son of Jehoash and grandson of Ahaziah, in Bethshemesh. He went to Jerusalem and broke down its wall from Ephraim Gate to Corner Gate, a distance of four hundred cubits.
2 Kings 14:14 He took all the gold and silver, every item found in God’s house, and in the king’s treasury, along with hostages, and went back to Samaria.
2 Kings 14:15 The other things Jehoash did, his strength, and his battles with Amaziah, king of Judah, are written in the Israelite Kings' history book, right?
2 Kings 14:16 Jehoash died like his ancestors and was buried in Samaria with the Israelite kings; his son Jeroboam became king after him.
2 Kings 14:17 Amaziah, son of Joash the king of Judah, lived 15 years after Jehoash son of Jehoahaz, the king of Israel, died.
2 Kings 14:18 Aren't the other things Amaziah did written in the book of the history of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 14:19 They planned against him in Jerusalem, so he ran to Lachish, but they followed him to Lachish and killed him there.
2 Kings 14:20 They brought him on horses and buried him in Jerusalem with his ancestors in the city of David.
2 Kings 14:21 All the people of Judah made sixteen-year-old Azariah king after his father Amaziah.
2 Kings 14:22 He built Elath and gave it back to Judah after the king died.
2 Kings 14:23 In the fifteenth year of King Amaziah of Judah, Jeroboam son of King Joash began to rule as king in Israel's Samaria, and he ruled for forty-one years.
2 Kings 14:24 He did what was evil in God's eyes and did not stop doing the same sins Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin, had done.
2 Kings 14:25 He brought back Israel's border from Hamath to the Sea of Arabah, just as God of Israel had promised through his prophet Jonah, son of Amittai, from Gathhepher.
2 Kings 14:26 God saw Israel's suffering, which was very severe, because no one was confined, abandoned, or able to help Israel.
2 Kings 14:27 God did not say he would erase Israel's name from under heaven; instead, he saved them through Jeroboam, the son of Joash.
2 Kings 14:28 The other things Jeroboam did, his achievements, his battles, and how he won back Damascus and Hamath for Israel—territories that were once Judah's—are these not recorded in the history book of Israel's kings?
2 Kings 14:29 Jeroboam died like his ancestors, the kings of Israel; and his son Zachariah became king after him.

2 Kings 15:1 In the twenty-seventh year of King Jeroboam of Israel, Azariah, the son of King Amaziah of Judah, started his rule.
2 Kings 15:2 He was sixteen when he became king, and he ruled for fifty-two years in Jerusalem. His mother was Jecholiah from Jerusalem.
2 Kings 15:3 He did what was good in God's eyes, just as his father Amaziah had done.
2 Kings 15:4 But the high places were not taken away: the people still offered sacrifices and burned incense on the high places.
2 Kings 15:5 God punished the king with leprosy until he died, and he lived in a separate house. Jotham, the king's son, took charge of the palace and ruled the land's people.
2 Kings 15:6 The other things Azariah did are written in the Judah kings' records, right?
2 Kings 15:7 Azariah died and was buried with his ancestors in the city of David; his son Jotham became king after him.
2 Kings 15:8 Zachariah, Jeroboam's son, became king of Israel in Samaria for six months during Azariah's thirty-eighth year as king of Judah.
2 Kings 15:9 He did evil in God’s eyes, just like his ancestors. He continued the sins of Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, who led Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:10 Shallum, Jabesh's son, plotted against him, struck him down in front of the people, killed him, and then became ruler in his place.
2 Kings 15:11 The other things Zachariah did are written down in the history book of Israel's kings.
2 Kings 15:12 This is what God said to Jehu: Your sons will rule as kings of Israel until the fourth generation. And it happened.
2 Kings 15:13 Shallum, Jabesh's son, became king in the thirty-ninth year of Uzziah, king of Judah, and ruled for one month in Samaria.
2 Kings 15:14 Menahem, Gadi's son, left Tirzah, went to Samaria, attacked and killed Shallum, Jabesh's son, in Samaria, then took over as ruler.
2 Kings 15:15 The other things Shallum did and his plot are recorded in the book of the histories of Israel's kings.
2 Kings 15:16 Menahem attacked Tiphsah, all its people, and the surrounding lands from Tirzah because they didn't let him in. So he destroyed it, and he tore open all the pregnant women there.
2 Kings 15:17 In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah's rule over Judah, Menahem son of Gadi became king of Israel and ruled for ten years in Samaria.
2 Kings 15:18 He did evil in God's eyes and never stopped sinning like Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin.
2 Kings 15:19 The Assyrian King Pul attacked the land. Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver so he would support Menahem's rule.
2 Kings 15:20 Menahem forced the rich leaders of Israel to give him money; each man had to pay fifty silver shekels so he could give it to the king of Assyria. Then the king of Assyria left and did not stay in the country.
2 Kings 15:21 The other things Menahem did, aren't they written in the history book of Israel's kings?
2 Kings 15:22 Menahem died, and his son Pekahiah became king after him.
2 Kings 15:23 In Azariah's fiftieth year as Judah's king, Pekahiah, Menahem's son, became Israel's king in Samaria and ruled for two years.
2 Kings 15:24 He did evil things that God saw; he kept on sinning like Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin.
2 Kings 15:25 Pekah, Remaliah's son and one of his captains, plotted against him. He attacked and killed him in Samaria, inside the king's palace, with the help of Argob, Arieh, and fifty Gileadite men. Then he took over as king.
2 Kings 15:26 Other things Pekahiah did and his actions are written in the Israel Kings' history book.
2 Kings 15:27 In the fifty-second year of Azariah's rule in Judah, Pekah son of Remaliah became king of Israel in Samaria and ruled for twenty years.
2 Kings 15:28 He did evil in God's eyes and did not stop doing the same sins as Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:29 During Pekah's time as king of Israel, Tiglathpileser, the Assyrian king, captured Ijon, Abel-beth-maachah, Janoah, Kedesh, Hazor, Gilead, and Galilee, the whole region of Naphtali, and took the people to Assyria as prisoners.
2 Kings 15:30 Hoshea, Elah's son, plotted against Pekah, Remaliah's son, struck him down, killed him, and became king in his place during the twentieth year of Jotham, Uzziah's son.
2 Kings 15:31 The other things Pekah did are all written in the book of Israel's kings' histories.
2 Kings 15:32 In the second year when Pekah, Remaliah's son, was king of Israel, Jotham, Uzziah's son, started to reign as king of Judah.
2 Kings 15:33 He was 25 years old when he started to rule, and he ruled for 16 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Jerusha, Zadok's daughter.
2 Kings 15:34 He did what was right in God's eyes, just like his father Uzziah had done.
2 Kings 15:35 Yet the high places were not taken away: the people continued to offer sacrifices and burn incense there. He constructed the upper gate of God's house.
2 Kings 15:36 The other things Jotham did and all his actions are written in the book of the records of the kings of Judah, aren't they?
2 Kings 15:37 In those days, God started to send Rezin, the king of Syria, and Pekah, the son of Remaliah, against Judah.
2 Kings 15:38 Jotham died and was buried with his ancestors in the city of David his father: and his son Ahaz became king after him.

2 Kings 16:1 In the seventeenth year of Pekah, son of Remaliah, Ahaz, son of Jotham and king of Judah, started his rule.
2 Kings 16:2 Ahaz was twenty years old when he became king, and he ruled for sixteen years in Jerusalem. He did not do what was right in the eyes of God, unlike his ancestor David.
2 Kings 16:3 He followed the path of Israel's kings and even burned his son in the fire, just like the hateful practices of the nations that God had driven out before the Israelites.
2 Kings 16:4 He offered sacrifices and burned incense on the high places, on the hills, and under every green tree.
2 Kings 16:5 Rezin, the king of Syria, and Pekah, the son of Remaliah and king of Israel, attacked Jerusalem to fight, and they surrounded Ahaz, but they could not defeat him.
2 Kings 16:6 At that time, Rezin, the king of Syria, took back Elath for Syria and forced the Jews out of Elath. Then the Syrians moved into Elath and have lived there ever since.
2 Kings 16:7 Ahaz sent messengers to King Tiglathpileser of Assyria, saying, "I am your servant and your son. Come and save me from the king of Syria and the king of Israel who are attacking me."
2 Kings 16:8 Ahaz took the silver and gold from God's house and the king's treasures and sent it as a gift to the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 16:9 The king of Assyria listened to him: because the king of Assyria attacked Damascus, captured it, took its people as prisoners to Kir, and killed Rezin.
2 Kings 16:10 King Ahaz went to Damascus to meet King Tiglathpileser of Assyria and saw an altar there. Ahaz sent Priest Urijah a model of the altar, showing how it was made.
2 Kings 16:11 Priest Urijah built an altar just like King Ahaz ordered from Damascus, and he finished it before King Ahaz returned from there.
2 Kings 16:12 When the king returned from Damascus, he saw the altar. The king went up to the altar and made an offering on it.
2 Kings 16:13 He burned his burnt offering and grain offering, poured out his drink offering, and sprinkled the peace offerings' blood on the altar.
2 Kings 16:14 He moved the bronze altar that was in front of God, from the front of the temple, from between the altar and the temple of God, and placed it on the north side of the altar.
2 Kings 16:15 King Ahaz told Priest Urijah, "On the big altar, burn the morning offering, the evening grain offering, the king's burnt offering and grain offering, with all the people's burnt offerings, grain offerings, and drink offerings. Put all the blood of the burnt offerings and other sacrifices on it. I will use the bronze altar for asking God for guidance."
2 Kings 16:16 Urijah the priest did everything that King Ahaz ordered.
2 Kings 16:17 King Ahaz removed the edges of the stands, took the basin off them, and took the large bowl off the bronze bulls that were under it, and set it down on a stone floor.
2 Kings 16:18 He changed the temple's shelter for the Sabbath and the king's outer entrance for the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 16:19 The other things Ahaz did are written in the book of the history of Judah's kings, aren't they?
2 Kings 16:20 Ahaz died like his ancestors and was buried with them in David's city; his son Hezekiah became king after him.

2 Kings 17:1 In the twelfth year of Ahaz, king of Judah, Hoshea son of Elah started to rule as king in Samaria over Israel for nine years.
2 Kings 17:2 He did evil things that God did not like, but not as much as the earlier kings of Israel.
2 Kings 17:3 The king of Assyria, Shalmaneser, attacked him; Hoshea became his servant and gave him gifts.
2 Kings 17:4 The king of Assyria discovered that Hoshea was plotting against him because Hoshea had sent messages to the king of Egypt, So, and had not given gifts to the king of Assyria like he did every year. So the king of Assyria arrested Hoshea and put him in jail.
2 Kings 17:5 The king of Assyria attacked all over the country, went to Samaria, and surrounded it for three years.
2 Kings 17:6 In Hoshea's ninth year as king, the king of Assyria conquered Samaria, took the Israelites to Assyria, and settled them in Halah, near the Gozan river, and in the Medes' cities.
2 Kings 17:7 The people of Israel sinned against God, who had freed them from Egypt and the rule of Pharaoh, and they worshipped other gods.
2 Kings 17:8 They followed the customs of the nations that God had driven out before the people of Israel and the idols that the kings of Israel had created.
2 Kings 17:9 The Israelites secretly did wrong things against God, and they built worship places in all their cities, from the lookout towers to the walled cities.
2 Kings 17:10 They put up statues and sacred gardens on every tall hill and under every green tree.
2 Kings 17:11 There they burned incense on all the high places, just like the nations who God had removed before them; and they did evil things that made God angry.
2 Kings 17:12 They worshipped false gods, even though God had told them not to do this.
2 Kings 17:13 God warned Israel and Judah through all the prophets and seers, telling them to stop their bad ways and follow my commands and rules, just as I told your ancestors and as I have sent to you through my prophets.
2 Kings 17:14 Despite this, they refused to listen and made their necks stiff, just like their ancestors who did not trust in God.
2 Kings 17:15 They turned away from his laws, the agreement he made with their ancestors, and the warnings he gave them. They chased after worthless things and became worthless, following the customs of the neighboring peoples, which God had told them not to imitate.
2 Kings 17:16 They abandoned all of God's commands and made metal idols, including two calves, built a shrine, worshiped the stars, and followed Baal.
2 Kings 17:17 They made their sons and daughters go through fire, practiced magic and spells, and gave themselves up to do wrong in God's eyes, making him angry.
2 Kings 17:18 So God was very angry with Israel and took them away from his presence; only the tribe of Judah remained.
2 Kings 17:19 Judah did not follow God's commands but followed the rules Israel made.
2 Kings 17:20 God turned away from all the people of Israel, hurt them, and let enemies take them until he pushed them out of his presence.
2 Kings 17:21 He split Israel from David's family; and they made Jeroboam, Nebat's son, king: and Jeroboam turned Israel away from God, leading them to commit a big sin.
2 Kings 17:22 The Israelites followed all the bad things Jeroboam did; they did not stop doing them.
2 Kings 17:23 God took Israel away from their land, as he had warned through his prophets. So Israel was taken from their land to Assyria, where they remain to this day.
2 Kings 17:24 The king of Assyria moved people from Babylon, Cuthah, Ava, Hamath, and Sepharvaim to live in the cities of Samaria, replacing the children of Israel; they settled in Samaria and lived in its cities.
2 Kings 17:25 When they first lived there, they did not fear God, so God sent lions that killed some of them.
2 Kings 17:26 So they told the king of Assyria, "The people you moved and settled in the towns of Samaria do not understand how to worship the God of this land, and now he has sent lions among them that are killing them because they don't know how to worship the God of this land."
2 Kings 17:27 The king of Assyria ordered, "Take one of the priests you brought from there, let him live there, and have him teach them how to worship the God of that land."
2 Kings 17:28 A priest they had taken from Samaria came to live in Bethel and showed them how to respect God.
2 Kings 17:29 Every nation created their own gods and placed them in the worship places built by the Samaritans, in each city where they lived.
2 Kings 17:30 The men from Babylon created Succothbenoth, the men from Cuth created Nergal, and the men from Hamath created Ashima.
2 Kings 17:31 The Avites worshiped Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burned their children in fire to worship Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
2 Kings 17:32 They were afraid of God, and chose the least important among them to be priests at the shrines, who offered sacrifices for them at the worship sites.
2 Kings 17:33 They were afraid of God and worshiped their own gods, following the customs of the people they had taken from other places.
2 Kings 17:34 To this day, they still act in the old ways; they do not fear God, nor follow his laws, rules, or the commands he gave to Jacob's descendants, whom he named Israel.
2 Kings 17:35 God made a promise with them and told them, "Do not be afraid of other gods, do not bow down to them, do not serve them, and do not offer sacrifices to them."
2 Kings 17:36 God, who led you out of Egypt with strong power and a raised arm, you should fear, worship, and offer sacrifices to.
2 Kings 17:37 Keep the rules, laws, and commands God has written for you, and always follow them; don't be afraid of other gods.
2 Kings 17:38 Remember the agreement I made with you and do not fear other gods.
2 Kings 17:39 But you should fear God, and he will save you from all your enemies.
2 Kings 17:40 However, they did not listen and continued acting as they did before.
2 Kings 17:41 These nations respected God but also worshiped their idols, as did their parents and their children still do today.

2 Kings 18:1 In the third year of Hoshea, son of Elah the king of Israel, Hezekiah, the son of Ahaz king of Judah, started to rule.
2 Kings 18:2 He was 25 years old when he started to rule; he ruled for 29 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Abi, and she was the daughter of Zachariah.
2 Kings 18:3 He did what was right before God, just like his father David had done.
2 Kings 18:4 He got rid of the worship sites, smashed the idols, chopped down the sacred trees, and broke up the bronze snake Moses had made, because up to that time the Israelites had been burning incense to it. He named it Nehushtan.
2 Kings 18:5 He trusted in God of Israel, so there was no king like him in Judah, neither before nor after him.
2 Kings 18:6 He stuck close to God, didn't stop following Him, and obeyed the commands God gave Moses.
2 Kings 18:7 God was with him; wherever he went he was successful. He opposed the king of Assyria and did not serve him.
2 Kings 18:8 He struck the Philistines all the way to Gaza and its surrounding area, from the watchtower to the protected city.
2 Kings 18:9 In the fourth year of King Hezekiah’s rule, which was the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah’s rule over Israel, King Shalmaneser of Assyria attacked Samaria and surrounded it.
2 Kings 18:10 After three years, they captured it: during Hezekiah's sixth year, which was Hoshea king of Israel's ninth year, Samaria was conquered.
2 Kings 18:11 The king of Assyria took the people of Israel to Assyria and settled them in Halah, Habor by the Gozan river, and in the towns of the Medes.
2 Kings 18:12 They did not listen to God's voice, broke his agreement, and ignored everything God's servant Moses told them. They neither obeyed nor followed his instructions.
2 Kings 18:13 In the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah's reign, Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, attacked all the protected cities of Judah and captured them.
2 Kings 18:14 Hezekiah, the king of Judah, sent a message to the king of Assyria in Lachish: "I have done wrong; please leave me alone. I will pay whatever you ask." The king of Assyria told Hezekiah to pay him 300 talents of silver and 30 talents of gold.
2 Kings 18:15 Hezekiah gave him all the silver from God's house and the king's treasure.
2 Kings 18:16 Hezekiah removed the gold from the temple doors and pillars he had covered and gave it to the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 18:17 The king of Assyria sent Tartan, Rabsaris, and Rabshakeh from Lachish to King Hezekiah with a large army to attack Jerusalem. They went and arrived in Jerusalem. When they got there, they stood next to the water channel of the upper pool, on the road that goes by the washer's field.
2 Kings 18:18 When they called for the king, Eliakim, Hilkiah's son who was in charge of the house, Shebna the secretary, and Joah, Asaph's son the record-keeper, came out to them.
2 Kings 18:19 Rabshakeh said to them, "Tell Hezekiah that the great king of Assyria asks, 'What are you relying on with such confidence?'"
2 Kings 18:20 You say, (but they are just empty words,) I have advice and power for war. Now who do you trust when you rebel against me?
2 Kings 18:21 Now, see, you rely on the broken staff of Egypt. If someone leans on it, it will stab their hand. That's how Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, is to all who trust in him.
2 Kings 18:22 But if you tell me, 'We trust in God,' isn't that the same God whose shrines and altars Hezekiah removed, telling Judah and Jerusalem, 'You must worship at this altar in Jerusalem'?
2 Kings 18:23 Please now, I ask you, make a promise to the king of Assyria, and I will give you two thousand horses, if you can find enough riders for them.
2 Kings 18:24 How can you then scare off even one of my master's lowest officers and rely on Egypt for chariots and soldiers?
2 Kings 18:25 Did I come to attack this place without God telling me to? God told me to come and destroy this land.
2 Kings 18:26 Then Eliakim son of Hilkiah, with Shebna and Joah, said to Rabshakeh, "Please speak to us in the Syrian language; we understand it. Do not speak in the Jewish language where the people on the wall can hear."
2 Kings 18:27 But Rabshakeh said to them, "Did my master send me to your master and to you to say these things? Didn't he send me to the people sitting on the wall, so that they will eat their own waste and drink their own urine with you?"
2 Kings 18:28 Then Rabshakeh stood up and shouted in the language of the Jews, "Listen to the message from the great king, the king of Assyria:"
2 Kings 18:29 The king says, "Don't let Hezekiah trick you: he can't save you from his power."
2 Kings 18:30 Don't let Hezekiah convince you to trust in God, telling you, "God will definitely save us, and this city won't be given to the king of Assyria."
2 Kings 18:31 Do not listen to Hezekiah: for the king of Assyria says, Make peace with me by giving a gift, and then come out to me. After that, each of you can eat from your own grapevine, and each can eat from his own fig tree, and drink water from your own well.
2 Kings 18:32 Until I come and take you to a land like yours, a land of grain and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land where olive oil and honey flow, so you may live and not die. Do not listen to Hezekiah who tells you that God will save us.
2 Kings 18:33 Did any nation's god rescue its land from the king of Assyria?
2 Kings 18:34 Where are the gods of Hamath and Arpad? Where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? Did they save Samaria from my power?
2 Kings 18:35 Which gods of the nations have saved their lands from me, that God should rescue Jerusalem from my power?
2 Kings 18:36 The people stayed quiet and did not respond to him because the king had ordered, "Do not answer him."
2 Kings 18:37 Eliakim, Hilkiah's son who was in charge of the household, together with Shebna the secretary and Joah, Asaph's son the historian, came to Hezekiah with their clothes torn and reported to him what Rabshakeh had said.

2 Kings 19:1 When King Hezekiah heard this, he tore his clothes, put on rough cloth, and went to God's house.
2 Kings 19:2 He sent Eliakim, the household manager, Shebna the secretary, and the senior priests dressed in rough cloth to the prophet Isaiah, Amoz's son.
2 Kings 19:3 They told him, "Hezekiah says, 'Today is a day of trouble, criticism, and disrespect; the babies are ready to be born, but there is no strength to deliver them.'"
2 Kings 19:4 It might be that God will hear all of Rabshakeh's words, which the king of Assyria's master sent to insult the living God, and will correct what God has heard: so pray for the survivors who remain.
2 Kings 19:5 King Hezekiah's servants went to Isaiah.
2 Kings 19:6 Isaiah told them, "Tell your master this: God says, 'Do not be afraid of the words you’ve heard, which the king of Assyria's servants have used to insult me.'"
2 Kings 19:7 I will send a disaster on him, and he will hear a rumor and go back to his land; there he will die by the sword.
2 Kings 19:8 So Rabshakeh went back and found the king of Assyria fighting against Libnah because he heard that the king had left Lachish.
2 Kings 19:9 When he heard that Tirhakah, the king of Ethiopia, was coming to fight him, he sent messengers to Hezekiah with a message.
2 Kings 19:10 Tell King Hezekiah of Judah, "Don't be fooled by your God you trust, who says 'Jerusalem won't be given to the Assyrian king.'"
2 Kings 19:11 Look, you have heard what the kings of Assyria did to all the lands, completely destroying them: and will you be saved?
2 Kings 19:12 Did the gods of other nations save those places my ancestors destroyed, like Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the Eden people in Thelasar?
2 Kings 19:13 Where is the king of Hamath, the king of Arpad, and the king of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?
2 Kings 19:14 Hezekiah took the letter from the messengers and read it. Then he went to God's house and laid it out before God.
2 Kings 19:15 Hezekiah prayed to God and said, "O God of Israel, who sits among the cherubs, you are the one true God of all the earth's kingdoms; you created the heavens and the earth.
2 Kings 19:16 God, lean down and listen; open your eyes, God, and see; hear the words of Sennacherib, who has sent them to insult the living God.
2 Kings 19:17 Truly, God, the kings of Assyria have ruined other countries and their lands.
2 Kings 19:18 They threw their gods into the fire because they were not real gods, just objects made by human hands from wood and stone, so they destroyed them.
2 Kings 19:19 Now then, our God, I ask you, save us from his power, so all the kingdoms of the world will know that you are God, and only you.
2 Kings 19:20 Isaiah, son of Amoz, sent a message to Hezekiah: "God of Israel says, 'I have heard your prayer about Sennacherib, king of Assyria.'"
2 Kings 19:21 This is what God has said about him; The young woman, the daughter of Zion, looks down on you and laughs at you; the daughter of Jerusalem shakes her head at you.
2 Kings 19:22 Who have you insulted and spoken against? Against whom have you raised your voice and looked up with arrogance? It is against the Holy One of Israel.
2 Kings 19:23 Your messengers insulted God, saying, "With my many chariots, I've climbed to the mountain tops, to Lebanon's edges, and I'll chop down its tall cedars and best firs. I'll go into its farthest stays and into its fruitful forest."
2 Kings 19:24 I have dug and drunk from unfamiliar waters, and with my feet I have dried up all the rivers near attacked cities.
2 Kings 19:25 Didn't you hear long ago what I did? Didn't you learn how I planned it long ago? Now I have made it happen, and you have turned fortified cities into piles of rubble.
2 Kings 19:26 So the people living there were weak, they were scared and confused; they were like the grass in the field, and like small plants, like the grass on the rooftops, and like grain destroyed before it fully grows.
2 Kings 19:27 I know where you live, how you leave and return, and how angry you are with me.
2 Kings 19:28 Because you are angry with me and your noise has reached my ears, I will put a hook in your nose and a bit in your mouth, and I will make you go back the way you came.
2 Kings 19:29 This will be a sign for you: This year you will eat what grows by itself, next year you will eat what grows from that, and in the third year plant crops, harvest them, and plant vineyards to eat their fruit.
2 Kings 19:30 The survivors from Judah's family will grow roots below and produce fruit above.
2 Kings 19:31 From Jerusalem, some will survive, and from Mount Zion, some will escape; God's passionate commitment will make this happen.
2 Kings 19:32 So, God says about the king of Assyria: He won't enter this city, shoot arrows here, approach it with shields, or build a siege ramp against it.
2 Kings 19:33 He will go back the same way he came and will not enter this city, says God.
2 Kings 19:34 I will protect this city and save it for myself and for my servant David.
2 Kings 19:35 That night, God's angel went out and struck down 185,000 men in the Assyrian camp. In the morning, they were all found dead.
2 Kings 19:36 So Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, left, went back, and lived in Nineveh.
2 Kings 19:37 While he was praying in the temple of his god Nisroch, his sons Adrammelech and Sharezer killed him with a sword. Then they ran away to Armenia. After that, his son Esarhaddon became king.

2 Kings 20:1 During that time, Hezekiah became very sick and was about to die. Then the prophet Isaiah, Amoz's son, visited him and said, "This is what God says: 'Get your affairs in order, because you are going to die; you will not recover.'"
2 Kings 20:2 He turned toward the wall and prayed to God, saying,
2 Kings 20:3 I ask you, God, please remember how I have lived truthfully before you with a sincere heart, and have done what is good in your eyes. And Hezekiah cried a lot.
2 Kings 20:4 Before Isaiah had left the inner courtyard, God spoke to him, saying,
2 Kings 20:5 Go back and tell Hezekiah, the leader of my people, "God says, I have heard your prayer and seen your tears. I will make you well. In three days, you will go to God's house."
2 Kings 20:6 I will extend your life by fifteen years; I will save you and this city from the king of Assyria's control; and I will protect this city for myself and for David, my servant.
2 Kings 20:7 Isaiah said, "Get some figs." They got them and put them on the sore, and he got better.
2 Kings 20:8 Hezekiah asked Isaiah, "What is the sign that God will heal me and I will go to God's house on the third day?"
2 Kings 20:9 Isaiah said, "This is the sign from God that he will do what he promised: will the shadow move forward ten steps, or go back ten steps?"
2 Kings 20:10 Hezekiah replied, "It's easy for the shadow to move forward ten steps; rather, let it go back ten steps."
2 Kings 20:11 Prophet Isaiah called out to God, and He made the shadow go back ten steps on King Ahaz's sundial, where it had gone down.
2 Kings 20:12 At that time, Berodachbaladan, Baladan's son and king of Babylon, sent letters and a gift to Hezekiah because he had heard that Hezekiah was sick.
2 Kings 20:13 Hezekiah listened to them and showed them everything in his treasure house—the silver, the gold, the spices, the fine oil, his armory, and everything in his treasury. There was nothing in his house or in his entire realm that Hezekiah did not show them.
2 Kings 20:14 The prophet Isaiah went to King Hezekiah and asked, "What did these men say? Where did they come from to visit you?" Hezekiah replied, "They have come from a far country, from Babylon."
2 Kings 20:15 He said, "What did they see in your house?" And Hezekiah replied, "They saw everything in my house. There is nothing in my treasures that I did not show them."
2 Kings 20:16 Isaiah told Hezekiah, "Listen to God's message."
2 Kings 20:17 Look, the time will come when everything in your house, and all your ancestors have stored up until now, will be taken to Babylon; nothing will remain, says God.
2 Kings 20:18 Some of your sons, whom you will father, will be taken away to become eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 20:19 Hezekiah said to Isaiah, "God's message that you gave is good." And he added, "Isn't it good if there is peace and honesty during my life?"
2 Kings 20:20 The other things Hezekiah did, his power, and how he built a pool and a channel to bring water into the city, are written in the history book of the kings of Judah, aren't they?
2 Kings 20:21 Hezekiah died and was buried with his ancestors, and his son Manasseh became king after him.

2 Kings 21:1 Manasseh was twelve when he started to rule, and he ruled for fifty-five years in Jerusalem. His mother was named Hephzibah.
2 Kings 21:2 He did evil things that God hated, imitating the wicked practices of the nations that God had thrown out before the Israelites.
2 Kings 21:3 He rebuilt the high places that his father Hezekiah had torn down; he set up altars for Baal and made a sacred garden, just like Ahab king of Israel did; and he worshipped the whole army of heaven and served them.
2 Kings 21:4 He made altars in God's house, where God said, "I will place my name in Jerusalem."
2 Kings 21:5 He made altars for all the sky's stars in the two yards of God's house.
2 Kings 21:6 He made his son walk through fire, tracked seasons for omens, cast spells, and talked with spirits and sorcerers. He did many evil things, making God very angry.
2 Kings 21:7 He placed an idol of the grove he made in the temple, where God told David and his son Solomon, "In this temple and Jerusalem, which I chose from all the Israelite tribes, I will put my name forever."
2 Kings 21:8 I will not make Israel leave the land I gave their ancestors, as long as they follow all my commands and the laws Moses gave them.
2 Kings 21:9 But they did not listen, and Manasseh led them to do more evil than the nations God had destroyed before the Israelites.
2 Kings 21:10 God spoke through his prophets, saying,
2 Kings 21:11 Because Manasseh, the king of Judah, did these terrible things and acted more wickedly than the Amorites before him, making Judah sin with his idols.
2 Kings 21:12 So this is what God of Israel says: Look, I will bring such disaster on Jerusalem and Judah that anyone who hears about it will feel their ears buzzing.
2 Kings 21:13 I will judge Jerusalem as I did Samaria and the family of Ahab. I will clean Jerusalem like someone cleans a dish, scrubbing it and flipping it over.
2 Kings 21:14 I will abandon the rest of my people, give them to their enemies, and they will be taken and stolen by all their enemies.
2 Kings 21:15 They did evil things that upset me from the time their ancestors left Egypt until today.
2 Kings 21:16 Manasseh killed many innocent people, filling Jerusalem with blood from one end to the other; this was in addition to the sin of leading Judah to do evil, which was wrong in God's eyes.
2 Kings 21:17 The other things Manasseh did, his actions, and his sins are written in the chronicles of the kings of Judah, right?
2 Kings 21:18 Manasseh died and was buried in his own garden, the garden of Uzza, and his son Amon became king after him.
2 Kings 21:19 Amon was 22 years old when he became king, and he ruled for two years in Jerusalem. His mother was Meshullemeth, the daughter of Haruz from Jotbah.
2 Kings 21:20 He did evil things that God saw, just like his father Manasseh did.
2 Kings 21:21 He followed in his father's footsteps, worshiping the idols his father worshiped.
2 Kings 21:22 He left God of his ancestors and did not follow God's way.
2 Kings 21:23 Amon's servants plotted against him and killed the king in his own home.
2 Kings 21:24 The people of the land killed all who plotted against King Amon, and they made Josiah, his son, king in his place.
2 Kings 21:25 The other things Amon did are written in the book of the history of Judah's kings, aren't they?
2 Kings 21:26 He was buried in his tomb in Uzza's garden, and his son Josiah became king after him.

2 Kings 22:1 Josiah became king when he was eight years old and ruled for thirty-one years in Jerusalem. His mother was Jedidah, daughter of Adaiah from Boscath.
2 Kings 22:2 He did what was good in God's eyes, followed his father David's path, and did not stray to the right or left.
2 Kings 22:3 In the eighteenth year of King Josiah's reign, he sent Shaphan, Azaliah's son and Meshullam's grandson, who was a writer, to God's house with a message.
2 Kings 22:4 Go to Hilkiah the high priest, so he can count the silver that has been brought to God's house, which the doorkeepers have collected from the people.
2 Kings 22:5 Let them hand it over to the workers in charge of God's house and let those workers use it to fix the damages of the house.
2 Kings 22:6 To carpenters, builders, stonecutters, and to buy wood and cut stones to fix the house.
2 Kings 22:7 However, they did not have to explain how they used the money given to them, because they acted honestly.
2 Kings 22:8 Hilkiah the high priest told Shaphan the secretary, "I have found the book of the law in God's house." And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, who then read it.
2 Kings 22:9 Shaphan the secretary went to the king, told him news, and said, "Your servants collected the money found in the temple, and gave it to the workers managing the temple repairs."
2 Kings 22:10 The writer Shaphan told the king, "The priest Hilkiah gave me a book," and Shaphan read it to the king.
2 Kings 22:11 When the king heard the words of the law book, he tore his clothes.
2 Kings 22:12 The king told Hilkiah the priest, Ahikam Shaphan's son, Achbor Michaiah's son, Shaphan the writer, and Asahiah, the king's worker, to do this:
2 Kings 22:13 Go ask God for guidance for me, the people, and all of Judah about this book that we found. God is very angry with us because our ancestors did not listen to its words and did not do everything it says we should.
2 Kings 22:14 Hilkiah the priest, Ahikam, Achbor, Shaphan, and Asahiah went to see Huldah the prophet, who was married to Shallum, Tikvah's son and Harhas's grandson, who took care of the clothes. She lived in Jerusalem at the school, and they talked with her.
2 Kings 22:15 She said to them, "God of Israel says, 'Tell the man who sent you to me,'".
2 Kings 22:16 God says, "Look, I will bring disaster on this place and on its people, all the curses written in the book the king of Judah has read."
2 Kings 22:17 Because they left me and worshiped other gods, making me angry with what they did, my anger will burn against this place and will not be put out.
2 Kings 22:18 Tell the king of Judah who sent you to ask God, God of Israel says this about what you have heard.
2 Kings 22:19 Because your heart was soft, and you humbled yourself before God when you heard what I said about this place and its people, that they would be ruined and cursed, and you tore your clothes and cried before me; I have heard you too, says God.
2 Kings 22:20 See, I will bring you to your ancestors, and you will go to your grave in peace; your eyes won't see all the bad things I will cause in this place. They told the king this message.

2 Kings 23:1 The king called and brought together all the senior leaders of Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:2 The king went to God's house, and with him went all the men from Judah, everyone from Jerusalem, the priests, the prophets, and all the people, young and old. He read aloud to them everything in the book of the agreement found in God's house.
2 Kings 23:3 The king stood by a pillar and promised before God to follow God, to obey His commands, teachings, and laws with all their heart and soul, and to carry out the agreement written in this book. And all the people agreed to the promise.
2 Kings 23:4 The king told Hilkiah the high priest, the other priests, and the doorkeepers to take all the things made for Baal, the idol grove, and the star gods out of God's temple. He burned them outside Jerusalem in the Kidron Valley and took the ashes to Bethel.
2 Kings 23:5 He removed the false priests, appointed by the kings of Judah to offer incense on the high places in Judah's cities and near Jerusalem, including those who offered incense to Baal, the sun, the moon, the stars, and all the heavenly bodies.
2 Kings 23:6 He took the idol from God's house, outside Jerusalem, to Kidron Valley, burned it there, crushed it to dust, and scattered the dust on the common people's graves.
2 Kings 23:7 He destroyed the houses of the immoral people near God's house where women made tapestries for the shrine.
2 Kings 23:8 He brought all the priests from Judah's towns and made the worship sites unclean. These sites were where they burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba. He also destroyed the worship sites at the city gates, including the one near Joshua the city governor's gate, which was to the left as you entered the city gate.
2 Kings 23:9 However, the priests from the high places did not go to God's altar in Jerusalem, but they ate unleavened bread with their fellow priests.
2 Kings 23:10 He made Topheth unclean, located in the valley of Hinnom's children, so no one could sacrifice their son or daughter in fire to Molech.
2 Kings 23:11 He removed the horses that Judah's kings had dedicated to the sun, near the entrance of God's house, by the room of Nathanmelech the official, which was in the outer area, and he burned the sun's chariots with fire.
2 Kings 23:12 The king destroyed the altars on the upper room of Ahaz that the kings of Judah built, and the altars Manasseh built in both courtyards of God's house. He tore them down and threw their dust into the Kidron Valley.
2 Kings 23:13 The king made the worship places unclean. These places were near Jerusalem, to the right of the Corruption Hill. King Solomon of Israel had built them for Ashtoreth, the Zidonians' hated god; for Chemosh, the Moabites' hated god; and for Milcom, the Ammonites' hated god.
2 Kings 23:14 He broke the idols, cut down the sacred trees, and filled those places with human bones.
2 Kings 23:15 Furthermore, the altar at Bethel, and the worship site built by Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who led Israel into sin, were destroyed by him; he broke down the altar and worship site, burned the worship site, crushed it to dust, and set the grove on fire.
2 Kings 23:16 When Josiah looked around, he saw the graves on the hill. He had the bones removed from the graves, burned them on the altar, and made the altar unclean. This act fulfilled what the man of God had announced, as God had said.
2 Kings 23:17 He asked, "What is that monument I see?" The city people answered him, "It's the grave of the man of God who came from Judah and predicted what you did to Bethel's altar."
2 Kings 23:18 He said, "Leave him be; don't touch his bones." So they left his bones undisturbed, along with the prophet's bones from Samaria.
2 Kings 23:19 Josiah removed all the worship sites in the towns of Samaria that Israel's kings had built to make God angry, and he did the same things to them that he had done in Bethel.
2 Kings 23:20 He killed all the priests at the high places who were there, burned human bones on the altars, and went back to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:21 The king told everyone, "Celebrate the Passover for God, as directed in the covenant book."
2 Kings 23:22 Certainly, there hadn't been a Passover like this since the time of the judges who led Israel, or during the reigns of the kings of Israel or Judah.
2 Kings 23:23 But in the eighteenth year of King Josiah, this Passover was celebrated for God in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:24 Josiah got rid of the mediums, wizards, idols, and all the bad things found in Judah and Jerusalem, to follow the law written in the book discovered by the priest Hilkiah in God's house.
2 Kings 23:25 There was no king like him before, who followed God with all his heart, soul, and strength, just as Moses' law said; nor did any like him rise after.
2 Kings 23:26 Despite this, God did not turn away from the intensity of His great anger, which He had against Judah because of all the wrongs that Manasseh had done to provoke Him.
2 Kings 23:27 God said, "I will take away Judah from my sight, just as I did with Israel. I will reject Jerusalem, the city I chose, and this temple where I said my name would be."
2 Kings 23:28 The other things Josiah did, aren't they written in the book of Judah's kings' history?
2 Kings 23:29 During his reign, the Egyptian king Pharaoh Necho fought the Assyrian king at the Euphrates River. King Josiah confronted him, but Pharaoh Necho killed Josiah at Megiddo after seeing him.
2 Kings 23:30 His servants took his dead body in a wagon from Megiddo to Jerusalem and buried him in his tomb. The locals chose Jehoahaz, Josiah's son, poured oil on his head to make him king after his father.
2 Kings 23:31 Jehoahaz was 23 years old when he became king, and he ruled for three months in Jerusalem. His mother was Hamutal, Jeremiah of Libnah's daughter.
2 Kings 23:32 He did evil things that God saw, just like his ancestors did.
2 Kings 23:33 Pharaoh Nechoh captured him at Riblah in the Hamath region so he couldn't rule in Jerusalem; he made the land pay a hundred silver talents and one gold talent.
2 Kings 23:34 Pharaoh Necho made Eliakim, son of Josiah, king instead of his father Josiah, changed his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away to Egypt, where he died.
2 Kings 23:35 Jehoiakim paid the silver and gold to Pharaoh; he taxed the people to get the money as Pharaoh ordered. He collected the silver and gold from everyone, based on how much they had to pay, to give to Pharaoh Necho.
2 Kings 23:36 Jehoiakim was 25 years old when he became king, and he ruled for 11 years in Jerusalem. His mother was named Zebudah, and she was the daughter of Pedaiah from Rumah.
2 Kings 23:37 He did evil things that God did not like, just like his ancestors had done.

2 Kings 24:1 During his reign, King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon attacked, and Jehoiakim served him for three years; then he changed his mind and fought against him.
2 Kings 24:2 God sent groups of Chaldeans, Syrians, Moabites, and Ammonites to destroy Judah, as God had said through the prophets.
2 Kings 24:3 Certainly, by God's command, this happened to Judah to take them away from His presence because of the sins of Manasseh and everything he did.
2 Kings 24:4 He also spilled innocent blood, filling Jerusalem with it, which God would not forgive.
2 Kings 24:5 The other things Jehoiakim did and all his actions are written in the book of the records of the kings of Judah, aren't they?
2 Kings 24:6 Jehoiakim died like his ancestors, and his son Jehoiachin became king after him.
2 Kings 24:7 The king of Egypt did not leave his country again because the king of Babylon had taken everything the king of Egypt owned from the Egypt river to the Euphrates river.
2 Kings 24:8 Jehoiachin was 18 years old when he started to rule, and he ruled in Jerusalem for 3 months. His mother's name was Nehushta, Elnathan of Jerusalem's daughter.
2 Kings 24:9 He did what was evil in God's eyes, just like his father had done.
2 Kings 24:10 At that time, King Nebuchadnezzar's servants attacked Jerusalem, and the city was surrounded.
2 Kings 24:11 Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, attacked the city, and his soldiers surrounded it.
2 Kings 24:12 King Jehoiachin of Judah, his mother, his servants, his leaders, and his officials all went out to meet the king of Babylon. And in the eighth year of his rule, the king of Babylon captured him.
2 Kings 24:13 He took away all the treasures from God's house and the king's house, and destroyed all the gold objects that King Solomon of Israel had made for God's temple, just as God had said.
2 Kings 24:14 He took all of Jerusalem, the leaders, and the strong warriors—10,000 captives, and all the skilled workers and metalworkers. Only the poorest people stayed in the land.
2 Kings 24:15 He took Jehoiachin to Babylon, along with the king's mother, wives, officials, and the land's important people, from Jerusalem to Babylon as prisoners.
2 Kings 24:16 All the strong men, seven thousand, and the craftsmen and metalworkers, a thousand, all good for battle, were taken to Babylon as prisoners by the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 24:17 The king of Babylon appointed Mattaniah, his uncle, as the new king and renamed him Zedekiah.
2 Kings 24:18 Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became king, and he ruled for 11 years in Jerusalem. His mother was Hamutal, Jeremiah of Libnah's daughter.
2 Kings 24:19 He did bad things in God's eyes, just like Jehoiakim did.
2 Kings 24:20 Because of God's anger, it happened in Jerusalem and Judah that he made them leave his presence, and then Zedekiah fought against the king of Babylon.

2 Kings 25:1 In the ninth year of his rule, in the tenth month, on the tenth day, Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon and all his army came to Jerusalem, surrounded it, and built siege works all around it.
2 Kings 25:2 The city was under siege until the eleventh year of King Zedekiah's reign.
2 Kings 25:3 On the ninth day of the fourth month, the famine in the city was severe, and there was no bread for the people of the country.
2 Kings 25:4 The city's defenses were breached, and all the soldiers escaped at night through a gate between two walls near the king's garden. The enemy surrounded the city, and the king fled toward the open country.
2 Kings 25:5 The Chaldean army chased the king and caught him in the flat lands of Jericho; all his soldiers were scattered away from him.
2 Kings 25:6 They captured the king and took him to the king of Babylon at Riblah, where they passed judgment on him.
2 Kings 25:7 They killed Zedekiah's sons in front of him, blinded Zedekiah, tied him with bronze chains, and took him to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:8 In the fifth month, on the seventh day, which was in king Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon's nineteenth year of rule, Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guards and a servant of the king of Babylon, came to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 25:9 He burned down God's house, the king's house, all of Jerusalem's houses, and every important person's house with fire.
2 Kings 25:10 The entire Babylonian army, along with the captain of the guard, tore down the walls of Jerusalem all around.
2 Kings 25:11 The captain of the guard, Nebuzaradan, took away the remaining people in the city, those who had run away to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the people.
2 Kings 25:12 The guard captain let some poor people stay to work as grape growers and farmers.
2 Kings 25:13 The Chaldeans broke the bronze pillars, stands, and the large bronze basin in God's house into pieces and took the bronze to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:14 They took away the pots, shovels, snuffers, spoons, and all the brass items used in service.
2 Kings 25:15 The guard captain took away the firepans, bowls, and all things made of gold and silver.
2 Kings 25:16 The two pillars, one large bowl, and the stands that Solomon made for God's house; all these bronze items were too heavy to weigh.
2 Kings 25:17 One pillar was eighteen cubits tall, with a brass top three cubits high. It had braided designs and brass pomegranates all around the top. The second pillar was the same with braided work.
2 Kings 25:18 The guard leader took Seraiah, the main priest, Zephaniah, the second priest, and the three door guards.
2 Kings 25:19 He took from the city a military officer, five of the king's advisors found there, the army's chief secretary who enrolled the land's people, and sixty citizens also found in the city.
2 Kings 25:20 Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, took them and brought them to the king of Babylon at Riblah.
2 Kings 25:21 The king of Babylon attacked and killed them in Riblah, in the land of Hamath. So Judah was taken away from their land.
2 Kings 25:22 As for the people left in Judah, whom King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon had not taken, he put Gedaliah, the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, in charge over them.
2 Kings 25:23 When all the army leaders and their soldiers learned that the king of Babylon had appointed Gedaliah as governor, they went to see Gedaliah in Mizpah. This group included Ishmael son of Nethaniah, Johanan son of Careah, Seraiah son of Tanhumeth from Netophah, and Jaazaniah son of a Maachathite, along with their men.
2 Kings 25:24 Gedaliah promised them and their men and said to them, "Do not be afraid to serve the Chaldeans: live in the land, and serve the king of Babylon, and you will be fine."
2 Kings 25:25 In the seventh month, Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, from the royal family, came with ten men and killed Gedaliah. He also killed the Jews and the Chaldeans who were with Gedaliah at Mizpah.
2 Kings 25:26 All the people, important and not, and the army leaders got up and went to Egypt because they were scared of the Chaldeans.
2 Kings 25:27 In the thirty-seventh year of King Jehoiachin of Judah's captivity, on the twenty-seventh day of the twelfth month, Evilmerodach king of Babylon, in the first year of his reign, freed King Jehoiachin of Judah from prison.
2 Kings 25:28 He spoke nicely to him and put his throne higher than the thrones of the kings with him in Babylon.
2 Kings 25:29 He changed his prison clothes and always ate bread in front of him for the rest of his life.
2 Kings 25:30 The king gave him a regular daily amount for every day of his life.

1 Chronicles 1:1 Adam, Seth, Enosh.
1 Chronicles 1:2 Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jared,
1 Chronicles 1:3 Enoch, Methuselah, Lemach.
1 Chronicles 1:4 Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
1 Chronicles 1:5 Japheth's sons are Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras.
1 Chronicles 1:6 Gomer's sons were Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah.
1 Chronicles 1:7 Javan's sons were Elishah, Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1 Chronicles 1:8 Ham's sons were Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
1 Chronicles 1:9 Cush had sons named Seba, Havilah, Sabta, Raamah, and Sabtecha. Raamah had sons named Sheba and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:10 Cush had a son named Nimrod, who became very powerful on earth.
1 Chronicles 1:11 Mizraim had children named Ludim, Anamim, Lehabim, and Naphtuhim.
1 Chronicles 1:12 And people from Pathrus, Casluh, who were the ancestors of the Philistines, and from Caphtor.
1 Chronicles 1:13 Canaan had Zidon, his first son, and Heth.
1 Chronicles 1:14 The Jebusite, the Amorite, and the Girgashite too,
1 Chronicles 1:15 The Hivite, the Arkite, and the Sinite,
1 Chronicles 1:16 The people from Arvad, from Zemar, and from Hamath.
1 Chronicles 1:17 Shem's sons were Elam, Asshur, Arphaxad, Lud, Aram, Uz, Hul, Gether, and Meshech.
1 Chronicles 1:18 Arphaxad had a son named Shelah, and Shelah had a son named Eber.
1 Chronicles 1:19 Eber had two sons: one was named Peleg, for during his time the earth was divided, and his brother was named Joktan.
1 Chronicles 1:20 Joktan had children named Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, and Jerah.
1 Chronicles 1:21 Hadoram, Uzal, and Diklah too,
1 Chronicles 1:22 Ebal, Abimael, and Sheba,
1 Chronicles 1:23 Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab were all Joktan's sons.
1 Chronicles 1:24 Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
1 Chronicles 1:25 Eber, Peleg, Reu,
1 Chronicles 1:26 Serug, Nahor, Terah.
1 Chronicles 1:27 Abram is Abraham.
1 Chronicles 1:28 Abraham's sons: Isaac and Ishmael.
1 Chronicles 1:29 This lists their families: Ishmael's first son was Nebaioth, followed by Kedar, Adbeel, and Mibsam.
1 Chronicles 1:30 Mishma, Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema
1 Chronicles 1:31 Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah are Ishmael's sons.
1 Chronicles 1:32 Abraham's other wife Keturah had sons: Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah. Jokshan had two sons: Sheba and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:33 Midian's sons were Ephah, Epher, Henoch, Abida, and Eldaah. They were all Keturah's sons.
1 Chronicles 1:34 Abraham had a son named Isaac. Isaac's sons were Esau and Israel.
1 Chronicles 1:35 Esau's sons: Eliphaz, Reuel, Jeush, Jaalam, and Korah.
1 Chronicles 1:36 Eliphaz's sons were Teman, Omar, Zephi, Gatam, Kenaz, Timna, and Amalek.
1 Chronicles 1:37 Reuel's sons were Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
1 Chronicles 1:38 Seir's sons were Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, Anah, Dishon, Ezar, and Dishan.
1 Chronicles 1:39 Lotan's sons were Hori and Homam, and Timna was Lotan's sister.
1 Chronicles 1:40 Shobal's sons were Alian, Manahath, Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. Zibeon's sons were Aiah and Anah.
1 Chronicles 1:41 Anah's sons were Dishon. Dishon's sons were Amram, Eshban, Ithran, and Cheran.
1 Chronicles 1:42 Ezer's sons were Bilhan, Zavan, and Jakan. Dishan's sons were Uz and Aran.
1 Chronicles 1:43 These were the kings who ruled in Edom before any king ruled over Israel: Bela son of Beor, and his city was called Dinhabah.
1 Chronicles 1:44 After Bela died, Jobab, Zerah's son from Bozrah, became king in his place.
1 Chronicles 1:45 After Jobab died, Husham from Temanite lands became ruler in his place.
1 Chronicles 1:46 When Husham died, Hadad son of Bedad, who defeated Midian in Moab's fields, became king after him. His city was named Avith.
1 Chronicles 1:47 After Hadad died, Samlah from Masrekah became the ruler in his place.
1 Chronicles 1:48 After Samlah died, Shaul from Rehoboth on the river became king in his place.
1 Chronicles 1:49 After Saul died, Baalhanan, Achbor's son, became king in his place.
1 Chronicles 1:50 After Baalhanan died, Hadad became king. His city was named Pai, and his wife was Mehetabel, Matred's daughter and Mezahab's granddaughter.
1 Chronicles 1:51 Hadad also died. The leaders of Edom were: Leader Timnah, Leader Aliah, Leader Jetheth.
1 Chronicles 1:52 Leader Aholibamah, leader Elah, leader Pinon,
1 Chronicles 1:53 Chief Kenaz, Chief Teman, Chief Mibzar,
1 Chronicles 1:54 Leader Magdiel, leader Iram. These are the leaders of Edom.

1 Chronicles 2:1 These are Israel's sons: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun.
1 Chronicles 2:2 Dan, Joseph, Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, Asher.
1 Chronicles 2:3 Judah's sons were Er, Onan, and Shelah. These three were born to him by Shua's daughter, a Canaanite woman. Er, Judah's first son, was wicked in God's eyes, so God took his life.
1 Chronicles 2:4 Tamar, his daughter-in-law, gave birth to Pharez and Zerah for him. Judah had a total of five sons.
1 Chronicles 2:5 Pharez's sons were Hezron and Hamul.
1 Chronicles 2:6 Zerah's sons were Zimri, Ethan, Heman, Calcol, and Dara: five in total.
1 Chronicles 2:7 Carmi had a son named Achar, who caused trouble in Israel by sinning with the cursed item.
1 Chronicles 2:8 Ethan's son was Azariah.
1 Chronicles 2:9 Hezron's sons were Jerahmeel, Ram, and Chelubai.
1 Chronicles 2:10 Ram fathered Amminadab; and Amminadab fathered Nahshon, the leader of Judah's descendants.
1 Chronicles 2:11 Nahshon had a son named Salma, and Salma had a son named Boaz.
1 Chronicles 2:12 Boaz had Obed, and Obed had Jesse.
1 Chronicles 2:13 Jesse had his first son Eliab, his second son Abinadab, and his third son Shimma.
1 Chronicles 2:14 Nethaneel was fourth, Raddai was fifth,
1 Chronicles 2:15 Ozem was the sixth, David was the seventh.
1 Chronicles 2:16 His sisters were Zeruiah and Abigail. Zeruiah's sons were Abishai, Joab, and Asahel, three in total.
1 Chronicles 2:17 Abigail gave birth to Amasa, and Amasa's father was Jether the Ishmaelite.
1 Chronicles 2:18 Caleb, Hezron's son, had kids with his wife Azubah and Jerioth. Their sons were Jesher, Shobab, and Ardon.
1 Chronicles 2:19 After Azubah died, Caleb married Ephrath, who gave birth to Hur.
1 Chronicles 2:20 Hur had a son named Uri, and Uri had a son named Bezaleel.
1 Chronicles 2:21 Later, Hezron married the daughter of Machir, father of Gilead, when he was 60 years old, and she gave birth to Segub.
1 Chronicles 2:22 Segub was the father of Jair, who owned twenty-three cities in Gilead.
1 Chronicles 2:23 He captured Geshur and Aram with Jair's villages and Kenath with its surrounding towns, a total of sixty cities. All these were the lands of Machir, Gilead's father.
1 Chronicles 2:24 After Hezron died in Calebephratah, his wife Abiah had a son named Ashur, who became the founder of Tekoa.
1 Chronicles 2:25 Jerahmeel, Hezron's oldest son, had these sons: Ram, his firstborn, Bunah, Oren, Ozem, and Ahijah.
1 Chronicles 2:26 Jerahmeel also had another wife named Atarah; she was Onam's mother.
1 Chronicles 2:27 Ram's firstborn Jerahmeel had sons: Maaz, Jamin, and Eker.
1 Chronicles 2:28 Onam's sons were Shammai and Jada. Shammai's sons were Nadab and Abishur.
1 Chronicles 2:29 Abishur's wife was named Abihail, and she had two sons for him, Ahban and Molid.
1 Chronicles 2:30 Nadab's sons were Seled and Appaim, but Seled died without having any kids.
1 Chronicles 2:31 Appaim's sons were Ishi, Ishi's sons were Sheshan, and Sheshan's children were Ahlai.
1 Chronicles 2:32 Jada, the brother of Shammai, had two sons: Jether and Jonathan. But Jether died without having any children.
1 Chronicles 2:33 Jonathan's sons were Peleth and Zaza. These were Jerahmeel's sons.
1 Chronicles 2:34 Sheshan had only daughters, not sons. Sheshan's servant was an Egyptian named Jarha.
1 Chronicles 2:35 Sheshan gave his daughter as a wife to Jarha, his servant, and she gave birth to a son named Attai.
1 Chronicles 2:36 Attai fathered Nathan, and Nathan fathered Zabad.
1 Chronicles 2:37 Zabad had a son named Ephlal, who had a son named Obed.
1 Chronicles 2:38 Obed had a son named Jehu, and Jehu had a son named Azariah.
1 Chronicles 2:39 Azariah had a son named Helez, and Helez had a son named Eleasah.
1 Chronicles 2:40 Eleasah had a son named Sisamai, and Sisamai had a son named Shallum.
1 Chronicles 2:41 Shallum had a son named Jekamiah, and Jekamiah had a son named Elishama.
1 Chronicles 2:42 Caleb's brother Jerahmeel had sons. Mesha was the oldest, and he became the father of Ziph. Mareshah's sons became the fathers of Hebron.
1 Chronicles 2:43 Hebron's sons were Korah, Tappuah, Rekem, and Shema.
1 Chronicles 2:44 Shema had Raham, who became the father of Jorkoam, and Rekem had Shammai.
1 Chronicles 2:45 Shammai's son was Maon, and Maon was Bethzur's father.
1 Chronicles 2:46 Ephah, Caleb's woman, had Haran, Moza, and Gazez; and Haran had Gazez.
1 Chronicles 2:47 Jahdai's sons were Regem, Jotham, Gesham, Pelet, Ephah, and Shaaph.
1 Chronicles 2:48 Maachah, who was with Caleb, had two sons named Sheber and Tirhanah.
1 Chronicles 2:49 She also gave birth to Shaaph, who was Madmannah's ancestor, Sheva, who was Machbenah's ancestor, and the ancestor of Gibea; Caleb's daughter was Achsa.
1 Chronicles 2:50 Caleb, Hur's son and Ephratah's oldest, had these sons: Shobal started Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 2:51 Salma was the ancestor of Bethlehem; Hareph was the ancestor of Bethgader.
1 Chronicles 2:52 Shobal, the father of Kirjathjearim, had sons: Haroeh and some of the Manahethites.
1 Chronicles 2:53 The families of Kirjathjearim were the Ithrites, the Puhites, the Shumathites, and the Mishraites. From these families came the Zareathites and the Eshtaulites.
1 Chronicles 2:54 Salma's children included Bethlehem, the people of Netophah, Ataroth, Joab's family, half of the people of Manahath, and the Zorites.
1 Chronicles 2:55 The families of writers who lived in Jabez were the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and the Suchathites. They are the Kenites who come from Hemath, the ancestor of the Rechab family.

1 Chronicles 3:1 These were David's sons born in Hebron: the first, Amnon, with Ahinoam from Jezreel; the second, Daniel, with Abigail from Carmel.
1 Chronicles 3:2 The third, Absalom, Maachah's son and Talmai the king of Geshur's grandson; the fourth, Adonijah, Haggith's son.
1 Chronicles 3:3 The fifth son was Shephatiah with Abital; the sixth was Ithream with Eglah, his wife.
1 Chronicles 3:4 He had six children in Hebron, where he ruled for seven and a half years; then in Jerusalem, he ruled for thirty-three years.
1 Chronicles 3:5 In Jerusalem, he had four sons by Bathshua, Ammiel's daughter: Shimea, Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon.
1 Chronicles 3:6 Ibhar, Elishama, and Eliphelet too.
1 Chronicles 3:7 Nogah, Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 3:8 Elishama, Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
1 Chronicles 3:9 All these were David's sons, not including the sons from his other women, and their sister Tamar.
1 Chronicles 3:10 Solomon's son was Rehoboam, his son was Abia, his son was Asa, and his son was Jehoshaphat.
1 Chronicles 3:11 Joram's son, Ahaziah's son, Joash's son,
1 Chronicles 3:12 Amaziah's son, Azariah's son, Jotham's son,
1 Chronicles 3:13 Ahaz's son, Hezekiah's son, Manasseh's son,
1 Chronicles 3:14 Amon was his son, and then Josiah was his son.
1 Chronicles 3:15 Josiah's sons were, the oldest Johanan, the next Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, and the youngest Shallum.
1 Chronicles 3:16 Jehoiakim's sons were Jeconiah and then Zedekiah.
1 Chronicles 3:17 Jeconiah's children were Assir and his son Salathiel.
1 Chronicles 3:18 Malchiram, Pedaiah, Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah were there too.
1 Chronicles 3:19 Pedaiah had sons: Zerubbabel and Shimei. Zerubbabel's children were Meshullam, Hananiah, and their sister Shelomith.
1 Chronicles 3:20 Hashubah, Ohel, Berechiah, Hasadiah, and Jushabhesed were five men.
1 Chronicles 3:21 Hananiah's sons were Pelatiah and Jesaiah. Rephaiah's, Arnan's, Obadiah's, and Shechaniah's were their families.
1 Chronicles 3:22 The children of Shechaniah were Shemaiah, and Shemaiah's children were Hattush, Igeal, Bariah, Neariah, and Shaphat—six in total.
1 Chronicles 3:23 Neariah had three sons: Elioenai, Hezekiah, and Azrikam.
1 Chronicles 3:24 Elioenai's sons were Hodaiah, Eliashib, Pelaiah, Akkub, Johanan, Dalaiah, and Anani, seven in total.

1 Chronicles 4:1 Judah's sons were: Pharez, Hezron, Carmi, Hur, and Shobal.
1 Chronicles 4:2 Reaiah, Shobal's son, had a son named Jahath; Jahath had sons named Ahumai and Lahad. These are the clans of the Zorathites.
1 Chronicles 4:3 These were Etam's descendants: Jezreel, Ishma, and Idbash; their sister was named Hazelelponi.
1 Chronicles 4:4 Penuel was Gedor's father, and Ezer was Hushah's father. They were Hur's sons, who was Ephrath's first child and Bethlehem's father.
1 Chronicles 4:5 Ashur from Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:6 Naarah had sons named Ahuzam, Hepher, Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were Naarah's sons.
1 Chronicles 4:7 Helah's sons were Zereth, Jezoar, and Ethnan.
1 Chronicles 4:8 Coz had children Anub and Zobebah, and the relatives of Aharhel, Harum's son.
1 Chronicles 4:9 Jabez was more respected than his brothers; his mother named him Jabez, saying, "Because I gave birth to him in pain."
1 Chronicles 4:10 Jabez prayed to the God of Israel and said, "Please bless me greatly, expand my territory, be with me, and keep me from harm so that I will not suffer." And God gave him what he asked for.
1 Chronicles 4:11 Chelub, Shuah's brother, had a son named Mehir, who was Eshton's father.
1 Chronicles 4:12 Eshton had sons called Bethrapha, Paseah, and Tehinnah, who was father of Irnahash. These men were from Rechah.
1 Chronicles 4:13 Kenaz had two sons named Othniel and Seraiah, and Othniel had a son named Hathath.
1 Chronicles 4:14 Meonothai fathered Ophrah, and Seraiah fathered Joab, who was the leader in the Valley of Craftsmen because they were skilled workers.
1 Chronicles 4:15 Caleb, Jephunneh's son, had three sons: Iru, Elah, and Naam. Elah had a son named Kenaz.
1 Chronicles 4:16 Jehaleleel's sons were Ziph, Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
1 Chronicles 4:17 Ezra had sons named Jether, Mered, Epher, and Jalon. He also had a daughter named Miriam, another son named Shammai, and Ishbah, who became the father of Eshtemoa.
1 Chronicles 4:18 Jehudijah, his wife, had three sons: Jered, who started the family of Gedor; Heber, who started the family of Socho; and Jekuthiel, who started the family of Zanoah. All of them were the sons of Bithiah, Pharaoh's daughter, whom Mered married.
1 Chronicles 4:19 Hodiah's sons, Naham's sister and the father of Keilah from Garm and Eshtemoa from Maachah.
1 Chronicles 4:20 Shimon's sons were Amnon, Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. Ishi's sons were Zoheth and Benzoheth.
1 Chronicles 4:21 Shelah, Judah's son, had sons: Er, who started Lecah's family; Laadah, who started Mareshah's family; and families who made fine linen in Ashbea's house.
1 Chronicles 4:22 Jokim and the men of Chozeba, Joash, and Saraph ruled in Moab, and Jashubilehem. These are old stories.
1 Chronicles 4:23 These were the potters and the people who lived near the plants and bushes; there they lived and worked for the king.
1 Chronicles 4:24 Simeon's sons were Nemuel, Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul.
1 Chronicles 4:25 Shallum's son, Mibsam's son, Mishma's son.
1 Chronicles 4:26 Mishma's sons were Hamuel, then Zacchur, and then Shimei.
1 Chronicles 4:27 Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters, but his brothers didn't have many children, nor did their family grow as much as the family of Judah.
1 Chronicles 4:28 They lived in Beersheba, Moladah, and Hazarshual.
1 Chronicles 4:29 In Bilhah, in Ezem, and in Tolad,
1 Chronicles 4:30 In Bethuel, in Hormah, and in Ziklag,
1 Chronicles 4:31 In Bethmarcaboth, Hazarsusim, Bethbirei, and Shaaraim were their cities until David became king.
1 Chronicles 4:32 Their villages were Etam, Ain, Rimmon, Tochen, and Ashan—five cities.
1 Chronicles 4:33 They had villages near those cities, up to Baal, where they lived and kept their family records.
1 Chronicles 4:34 Meshobab, Jamlech, and Joshah, who was Amaziah's son,
1 Chronicles 4:35 Joel and Jehu, Josibiah's son, Seraiah's grandson, Asiel's great-grandson.
1 Chronicles 4:36 Elioenai, Jaakobah, Jeshohaiah, Asaiah, Adiel, Jesimiel, and Benaiah.
1 Chronicles 4:37 Ziza, son of Shiphi, grandson of Allon, great-grandson of Jedaiah, and descendant of Shimri and Shemaiah.
1 Chronicles 4:38 These named were leaders in their families, and their ancestors' family grew a lot.
1 Chronicles 4:39 They went to Gedor's entrance, to the valley's east side, to find grazing land for their sheep.
1 Chronicles 4:40 They found rich and good grasslands, the land was spacious, calm, and peaceful; for the people from Ham had lived there long ago.
1 Chronicles 4:41 These named people came during Hezekiah's rule in Judah, attacked their tents, destroyed the local dwellings, and lived there since it was good land for their sheep.
1 Chronicles 4:42 Some from Simeon's tribe, five hundred men, went to Mount Seir, led by Pelatiah, Neariah, Rephaiah, and Uzziel, Ishi's sons.
1 Chronicles 4:43 They defeated the remaining Amalekites who had escaped, and lived there until today.

1 Chronicles 5:1 Reuben was Israel's first son, but since he dishonored his father's bed, his rights as firstborn were given to Joseph's sons instead, and his family line did not get the firstborn's rights.
1 Chronicles 5:2 Judah became stronger than his brothers, and from him came the main leader, but Joseph received the birthright.
1 Chronicles 5:3 Reuben, Israel's first son, had these sons: Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
1 Chronicles 5:4 Joel's sons were Shemaiah, then Gog, then Shimei.
1 Chronicles 5:5 Micah's son, Reaia's son, Baal's son,
1 Chronicles 5:6 Beerah was his son. The Assyrian king, Tilgathpilneser, took him away as a prisoner. He was a leader of the Reubenites.
1 Chronicles 5:7 His brothers, organized by families, when their family tree was recorded, had as leaders Jeiel and Zechariah.
1 Chronicles 5:8 Bela, son of Azaz, son of Shema, son of Joel, lived in Aroer, reaching to Nebo and Baalmeon.
1 Chronicles 5:9 He lived to the east, up to the desert edge, by the Euphrates River because they had lots of animals in Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:10 During Saul's time, they fought against the Hagarites, defeated them, and lived in their camps across the eastern region of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:11 The Gad children lived across from them in Bashan land up to Salcah.
1 Chronicles 5:12 Joel was the leader, Shapham was second, then Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
1 Chronicles 5:13 Their family members from their father's house were Michael, Meshullam, Sheba, Jorai, Jachan, Zia, and Heber—seven in total.
1 Chronicles 5:14 These are the descendants of Abihail: Huri's child, Jaroah's child, Gilead's child, Michael's child, Jeshishai's child, Jahdo's child, Buz's child.
1 Chronicles 5:15 Ahi, son of Abdiel, son of Guni, leader of their family.
1 Chronicles 5:16 They lived in Gilead, in Bashan, its villages, and all the surrounding areas of Sharon, right up to their borders.
1 Chronicles 5:17 All these people were listed in family records during the time of Jotham, king of Judah, and during the time of Jeroboam, king of Israel.
1 Chronicles 5:18 Reuben's sons, the Gadites, and half of the Manasseh tribe, brave men good at fighting, carrying shields and swords, shooting arrows, and skilled in battle, totaled 44,760 warriors ready for war.
1 Chronicles 5:19 They fought against the Hagarites, Jetur, Nephish, and Nodab.
1 Chronicles 5:20 They were helped in the fight against them, and their enemies, the Hagarites, were defeated. Everyone who was with the Hagarites was also defeated, because during the battle they called out to God, and he listened to them since they trusted in him.
1 Chronicles 5:21 They took their animals: 50,000 camels, 250,000 sheep, 2,000 donkeys, and 100,000 people.
1 Chronicles 5:22 Many people were killed because the war was directed by God. They lived in those places until they were captured.
1 Chronicles 5:23 The children from part of the Manasseh tribe lived in the land; they grew in numbers from Bashan to Baalhermon, Senir, and Mount Hermon.
1 Chronicles 5:24 These were the leaders of their families: Epher, Ishi, Eliel, Azriel, Jeremiah, Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, strong and well-known men, leaders of their families.
1 Chronicles 5:25 They sinned against their ancestors' God and chased after the local people's gods, even though God had destroyed those people before them.
1 Chronicles 5:26 God moved the hearts of Pul, the king of Assyria, and Tilgathpilneser, the king of Assyria, who then took the people of Reuben, Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh captive. He brought them to Halah, Habor, Hara, and the river Gozan, where they are to this day.

1 Chronicles 6:1 Levi's sons: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:2 The sons of Kohath were Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:3 Amram's children were Aaron, Moses, and Miriam. Aaron's sons were Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 6:4 Eleazar had a son named Phinehas, and Phinehas had a son named Abishua.
1 Chronicles 6:5 Abishua had a son Bukki, and Bukki had a son Uzzi.
1 Chronicles 6:6 Uzzi had a son named Zerahiah, and Zerahiah had a son named Meraioth.
1 Chronicles 6:7 Meraioth fathered Amariah, and Amariah fathered Ahitub.
1 Chronicles 6:8 Ahitub fathered Zadok, and Zadok fathered Ahimaaz.
1 Chronicles 6:9 Ahimaaz was the father of Azariah, and Azariah was the father of Johanan.
1 Chronicles 6:10 Johanan was the father of Azariah, who served as priest in the temple Solomon built in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 6:11 Azariah had a son Amariah, and Amariah had a son Ahitub.
1 Chronicles 6:12 Ahitub had a son named Zadok, and Zadok had a son named Shallum.
1 Chronicles 6:13 Shallum had a son named Hilkiah, and Hilkiah had a son named Azariah.
1 Chronicles 6:14 Azariah had a son named Seraiah, and Seraiah had a son named Jehozadak.
1 Chronicles 6:15 Jehozadak was taken captive when God let Nebuchadnezzar take away Judah and Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 6:16 Levi's sons: Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:17 These are the names of Gershom's sons: Libni and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 6:18 Kohath's sons were Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:19 Merari's sons were Mahli and Mushi. These are the Levite families by their ancestors.
1 Chronicles 6:20 From Gershom: his son Libni, his son Jahath, his son Zimmah.
1 Chronicles 6:21 Joah was the father of Iddo, Iddo was the father of Zerah, and Zerah was the father of Jeaterai.
1 Chronicles 6:22 Kohath's sons were Amminadab, then Korah, and then Assir.
1 Chronicles 6:23 Elkanah's son, and Ebiasaph's son, and Assir's son.
1 Chronicles 6:24 Tahath's son was Uriel, Uriel's son was Uzziah, and Uzziah's son was Shaul.
1 Chronicles 6:25 Elkanah's sons were Amasai and Ahimoth.
1 Chronicles 6:26 Elkanah had these sons: Zophai and Nahath.
1 Chronicles 6:27 Eliab's son was Jeroham, and Jeroham's son was Elkanah.
1 Chronicles 6:28 Samuel's sons were his firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.
1 Chronicles 6:29 Merari's sons: Mahli, his son Libni, his son Shimei, his son Uzza.
1 Chronicles 6:30 Shimea was the father of Haggiah, and Haggiah was the father of Asaiah.
1 Chronicles 6:31 These are the people David chose to lead the music in God's house after the ark was set in place.
1 Chronicles 6:32 They served at the tent where people met with music until Solomon built God's house in Jerusalem; then they did their duties by their rules.
1 Chronicles 6:33 These are the ones who served with their children: Heman, a singer, who was the son of Joel, the son of Samuel, from the Kohathites' descendants.
1 Chronicles 6:34 Elkanah's son, Jeroham's grandson, Eliel's great-grandson, Toah's great-great-grandson,
1 Chronicles 6:35 Zupf's son, Elkanah's son, Mahath's son, Amasai's son,
1 Chronicles 6:36 Elkanah's son, Joel's son, Azariah's son, Zephaniah's son,
1 Chronicles 6:37 Tahath's son, Assir's son, Ebiasaph's son, Korah's son,
1 Chronicles 6:38 Izhar's son, Kohath's son, Levi's son, Israel's son.
1 Chronicles 6:39 His brother Asaph was on his right side, Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea.
1 Chronicles 6:40 Michael's son, Baaseiah's son, Malchiah's son.
1 Chronicles 6:41 Ethni's son, Zerah's grandson, Adaiah's great-grandson,
1 Chronicles 6:42 Ethan's son, Zimmah's son, Shimei's son,
1 Chronicles 6:43 Jahath's son, Gershom's son, Levi's son.
1 Chronicles 6:44 Their relatives, the Merari family, stood on the left side: Ethan son of Kishi, grandson of Abdi, great-grandson of Malluch.
1 Chronicles 6:45 Hashabiah's son, Amaziah's grandson, Hilkiah's great-grandson.
1 Chronicles 6:46 Amzi's son, Bani's son, Shamer's son,
1 Chronicles 6:47 He was Mahli's son, Mushi's grandson, Merari's great-grandson, and from the Levi family.
1 Chronicles 6:48 Their fellow Levites were assigned to all kinds of work at the tent of worship for God's house.
1 Chronicles 6:49 Aaron and his sons made sacrifices on the altar for burnt offerings and the incense altar. They were in charge of the duties in the most holy place and to atone for Israel, doing everything Moses, God's servant, told them to do.
1 Chronicles 6:50 Aaron's sons were Eleazar, Phinehas, and Abishua.
1 Chronicles 6:51 Bukki's son, Uzzi's son, Zerahiah's son,
1 Chronicles 6:52 Meraioth was the father of Amariah, Amariah was the father of Ahitub.
1 Chronicles 6:53 Zadok's son, Ahimaaz's son.
1 Chronicles 6:54 These are where they lived, in their strongholds within their territories, Aaron's descendants from the Kohathite clans: they received this by drawing lots.
1 Chronicles 6:55 They gave them Hebron in Judah's land, with the surrounding areas.
1 Chronicles 6:56 But they gave Caleb, son of Jephunneh, the fields and villages around the city.
1 Chronicles 6:57 They gave Aaron's sons the cities in Judah: Hebron, the safe city, Libnah with its surrounding land, Jattir, and Eshtemoa with their surrounding land.
1 Chronicles 6:58 Hilen and its surrounding lands, Debir and its surrounding lands,
1 Chronicles 6:59 Ashan and its surrounding lands, and Bethshemesh and its surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:60 From the tribe of Benjamin: the city of Geba and its surrounding land, the city of Alemeth and its surrounding land, and the city of Anathoth and its surrounding land. They had a total of thirteen cities for all their families.
1 Chronicles 6:61 To Kohath's remaining sons from that tribe, ten cities were given from half of the tribe of Manasseh by drawing lots.
1 Chronicles 6:62 To Gershom's sons among their family groups, from the Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, and Manasseh tribes in Bashan, thirteen cities.
1 Chronicles 6:63 The sons of Merari were given twelve cities by lot, from within the families of the tribes of Reuben, Gad, and Zebulun.
1 Chronicles 6:64 The people of Israel gave these cities and their surrounding land to the Levites.
1 Chronicles 6:65 They drew lots to give cities from the tribes of Judah, Simeon, and Benjamin, each city named after them.
1 Chronicles 6:66 The remaining Kohathite families received towns within the borders of the Ephraim tribe.
1 Chronicles 6:67 They gave them, from the safe cities, Shechem in Mount Ephraim with its surrounding area; they also gave Gezer with its surrounding area.
1 Chronicles 6:68 Jokmeam and its surrounding lands, and Bethhoron and its surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:69 Aijalon with its surrounding area, and Gathrimmon with its surrounding area.
1 Chronicles 6:70 From the half-tribe of Manasseh, they got Aner and its surrounding lands, and Bileam and its surrounding lands, given to the remaining Kohathite family members.
1 Chronicles 6:71 The Gershom family received from half of the Manasseh tribe, Golan in Bashan with its surrounding land, and Ashtaroth with its surrounding land.
1 Chronicles 6:72 From Issachar's tribe: Kedesh and its surrounding area, Daberath and its surrounding area.
1 Chronicles 6:73 And Ramoth with its surrounding land, and Anem with its surrounding land.
1 Chronicles 6:74 From the tribe of Asher: Mashal and its surrounding lands, and Abdon and its surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:75 And Hukok with its surrounding lands, and Rehob with its surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:76 From Naphtali's tribe: Kedesh in Galilee and its nearby lands, Hammon and its nearby lands, and Kirjathaim and its nearby lands.
1 Chronicles 6:77 The other descendants of Merari received from the tribe of Zebulun the towns of Rimmon and Tabor, along with their surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:78 On the other side of the Jordan River near Jericho, on its east side, lands were given from the tribe of Reuben, including Bezer in the desert and its surrounding areas, and Jahzah with its surrounding areas.
1 Chronicles 6:79 Kedemoth and its surrounding lands, and Mephaath and its surrounding lands.
1 Chronicles 6:80 From the tribe of Gad: the town of Ramoth in Gilead and the surrounding area, and the town of Mahanaim and the surrounding area.
1 Chronicles 6:81 And Heshbon with its surrounding land, and Jazer with its surrounding land.

1 Chronicles 7:1 Issachar had four sons: Tola, Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom.
1 Chronicles 7:2 Tola's sons were Uzzi, Rephaiah, Jeriel, Jahmai, Jibsam, and Shemuel, leaders of their family. They were brave and strong. During David's time, their family had 22,600 men.
1 Chronicles 7:3 Uzzi's sons were Izrahiah, and Izrahiah's sons were Michael, Obadiah, Joel, and Ishiah, five leaders in total.
1 Chronicles 7:4 With them, according to their families, were 36,000 soldiers grouped by ancestors, because they had many wives and children.
1 Chronicles 7:5 Their relatives in all the Issachar families were brave and strong warriors, counted in their family records as 87,000 men.
1 Chronicles 7:6 Benjamin had three sons: Bela, Becher, and Jediael.
1 Chronicles 7:7 Bela had five sons: Ezbon, Uzzi, Uzziel, Jerimoth, and Iri. They were leaders in their family and strong warriors. Their family records showed 22,034 descendants.
1 Chronicles 7:8 Becher's sons were Zemira, Joash, Eliezer, Elioenai, Omri, Jerimoth, Abiah, Anathoth, and Alameth. These are all Becher's sons.
1 Chronicles 7:9 The count of these men, according to their family lines and generations, leaders of their ancestors' houses, brave warriors, was twenty thousand and two hundred.
1 Chronicles 7:10 Jediael's sons were Bilhan, and Bilhan's sons were Jeush, Benjamin, Ehud, Chenaanah, Zethan, Tharshish, and Ahishahar.
1 Chronicles 7:11 All these were Jediael's sons, leaders of their families, brave warriors, numbering 17,200 men ready for war and battle.
1 Chronicles 7:12 Shuppim and Huppim, Ir's children, and Hushim, Aher's sons.
1 Chronicles 7:13 Naphtali's sons were Jahziel, Guni, Jezer, and Shallum; Bilhah was their mother.
1 Chronicles 7:14 Manasseh's sons were Ashriel, born from his wife, and Machir, Gilead's father, born from his Aramean concubine.
1 Chronicles 7:15 Machir married Huppim and Shuppim's sister, named Maachah; the second was named Zelophehad, who had daughters.
1 Chronicles 7:16 Maachah, Machir's wife, had a son and named him Peresh; his brother was named Sheresh; the sons of Sheresh were Ulam and Rakem.
1 Chronicles 7:17 Ulam's sons were Bedan. These were Gilead's sons, Machir's son, Manasseh's son.
1 Chronicles 7:18 His sister Hammoleketh had three children: Ishod, Abiezer, and Mahalah.
1 Chronicles 7:19 Shemidah's sons were Ahian, Shechem, Likhi, and Aniam.
1 Chronicles 7:20 Ephraim's sons were Shuthelah, his son Bered, his son Tahath, his son Eladah, and another son named Tahath.
1 Chronicles 7:21 Zabad's son, Shuthelah, Ezer, and Elead were killed by the people of Gath who were from that land because they tried to steal their cattle.
1 Chronicles 7:22 Ephraim, their father, was sad for many days, and his brothers came to make him feel better.
1 Chronicles 7:23 When he was with his wife, she got pregnant and had a baby boy. He named him Beriah because they had trouble in the family.
1 Chronicles 7:24 His daughter Sherah built lower Bethhoron, upper Bethhoron, and Uzzensherah.
1 Chronicles 7:25 Rephah was his son, along with Resheph, then Telah his son, and then Tahan his son.
1 Chronicles 7:26 Laadan's son, Ammihud's son, Elishama's son.
1 Chronicles 7:27 Not his son, Joshua his son.
1 Chronicles 7:28 Their belongings and homes were in Bethel and its surrounding towns, to the east Naaran, to the west Gezer and its towns; also Shechem and its towns, all the way to Gaza and its towns.
1 Chronicles 7:29 Near Manasseh's land, were the cities of Bethshean, Taanach, Megiddo, and Dor. The descendants of Joseph, Israel's son, lived in these places.
1 Chronicles 7:30 Asher's children were Imnah, Isuah, Ishuai, Beriah, and their sister, Serah.
1 Chronicles 7:31 The sons of Beriah were Heber and Malchiel, and Malchiel was the father of Birzavith.
1 Chronicles 7:32 Heber had children: Japhlet, Shomer, Hotham, and their sister Shua.
1 Chronicles 7:33 Japhlet's sons were Pasach, Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are Japhlet's children.
1 Chronicles 7:34 Shamer's sons were Ahi, Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.
1 Chronicles 7:35 Helem's sons were Zophah, Imna, Shelesh, and Amal.
1 Chronicles 7:36 Zophah's sons were Suah, Harnepher, Shual, Beri, and Imrah.
1 Chronicles 7:37 Bezer, Hod, Shamma, Shilshah, Ithran, and Beera.
1 Chronicles 7:38 Jether's sons were Jephunneh, Pispah, and Ara.
1 Chronicles 7:39 Ulla's sons were Arah, Haniel, and Rezia.
1 Chronicles 7:40 All these were Asher's children, leaders of their family, brave and strong. They were top among rulers. The total of their skilled warriors was 26,000 men.

1 Chronicles 8:1 Benjamin had a first son named Bela, a second named Ashbel, and a third named Aharah.
1 Chronicles 8:2 Nohah was the fourth, and Rapha was the fifth.
1 Chronicles 8:3 Bela's sons were Addar, Gera, and Abihud.
1 Chronicles 8:4 Abishua, Naaman, and Ahoah,
1 Chronicles 8:5 And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
1 Chronicles 8:6 Ehud's sons were leaders of Geba's families, and they were moved to Manahath.
1 Chronicles 8:7 Naaman, Ahiah, and Gera were sent away, and they had Uzza and Ahihud.
1 Chronicles 8:8 Shaharaim had children in Moab after he sent his family away; his wives were Hushim and Baara.
1 Chronicles 8:9 He had children with his wife Hodesh: Jobab, Zibia, Mesha, and Malcham.
1 Chronicles 8:10 Jeuz, Shachia, and Mirma were his sons, leaders of their families.
1 Chronicles 8:11 Hushim had two sons: Abitub and Elpaal.
1 Chronicles 8:12 Elpaal's sons were Eber, Misham, and Shamed, who built the cities of Ono and Lod and their surrounding towns.
1 Chronicles 8:13 Beriah and Shema were also leaders of Aijalon's founding families, and they forced out the people of Gath.
1 Chronicles 8:14 Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
1 Chronicles 8:15 Zebadiah, Arad, and Ader,
1 Chronicles 8:16 Michael, Ispah, and Joha were the sons of Beriah.
1 Chronicles 8:17 Zebadiah, Meshullam, Hezeki, and Heber,
1 Chronicles 8:18 Ishmerai, Jezliah, and Jobab were the sons of Elpaal.
1 Chronicles 8:19 Jakim, Zichri, and Zabdi,
1 Chronicles 8:20 Elienai, Zilthai, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:21 Adaiah, Beraiah, and Shimrath were Shimhi's sons.
1 Chronicles 8:22 Ishpan, Heber, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:23 Abdon, Zichri, and Hanan,
1 Chronicles 8:24 Hananiah, Elam, and Antothijah,
1 Chronicles 8:25 Iphedeiah and Penuel were Shashak's sons.
1 Chronicles 8:26 Shamsherai, Shehariah, and Athaliah.
1 Chronicles 8:27 Jaresiah, Eliah, and Zichri were the sons of Jeroham.
1 Chronicles 8:28 These were leaders of the families, important men by their ancestry. They lived in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 8:29 In Gibeon, the founder of the city lived; his wife's name was Maachah.
1 Chronicles 8:30 His oldest son was Abdon, and he also had Zur, Kish, Baal, and Nadab.
1 Chronicles 8:31 Gedor, Ahio, and Zacher.
1 Chronicles 8:32 Mikloth had a son named Shimeah. They also lived near their relatives in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 8:33 Ner was the father of Kish, Kish was the father of Saul, Saul was the father of Jonathan, Malchishua, Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 8:34 Jonathan's son was Meribbaal, and Meribbaal had a son named Micah.
1 Chronicles 8:35 Micah's sons were Pithon, Melech, Tarea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 8:36 And Ahaz was the father of Jehoadah; Jehoadah was the father of Alemeth, Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri was the father of Moza.
1 Chronicles 8:37 Moza had a son named Binea. Binea's son was Rapha, Rapha's son was Eleasah, and Eleasah's son was Azel.
1 Chronicles 8:38 Azel had six sons named Azrikam, Bocheru, Ishmael, Sheariah, Obadiah, and Hanan. These were all Azel's sons.
1 Chronicles 8:39 Eshek's brother had three sons: Ulam the first, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
1 Chronicles 8:40 Ulam's sons were brave warriors, skilled with bows, and had lots of sons and grandsons, totaling 150. All these were from Benjamin's family.

1 Chronicles 9:1 All the people of Israel were listed by their family lines; and, look, they were written in the record of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were taken to Babylon because they did wrong.
1 Chronicles 9:2 The first people who lived in their own cities on their land were the Israelites, priests, Levites, and Nethinims.
1 Chronicles 9:3 People from Judah, Benjamin, Ephraim, and Manasseh lived in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 9:4 Uthai was the son of Ammihud, Ammihud was the son of Omri, Omri was the son of Imri, Imri was the son of Bani, and they were all descendants of Pharez, who was Judah's son.
1 Chronicles 9:5 From the Shilonites: Asaiah was the oldest, along with his sons.
1 Chronicles 9:6 From Zerah's sons came Jeuel and his brothers, a total of 690.
1 Chronicles 9:7 From Benjamin's family: Sallu, Meshullam's son, Hodaviah's grandson, Hasenuah's great-grandson.
1 Chronicles 9:8 Ibneiah, Jeroham's son; Elah, Uzzi's son, Michri's grandson; and Meshullam, Shephathiah's son, Reuel's grandson, Ibnijah's great-grandson.
1 Chronicles 9:9 Their brothers, by their family lines, were 956. All these men were leaders in their families' households.
1 Chronicles 9:10 The priests included Jedaiah, Jehoiarib, and Jachin.
1 Chronicles 9:11 Azariah, son of Hilkiah, grandson of Meshullam, descendant of Zadok, Meraioth, and Ahitub, was the leader of God's house.
1 Chronicles 9:12 Adaiah, Jeroham's son, Pashur's grandson, Malchijah's great-grandson, and Maasiai, Adiel's son, Jahzerah's grandson, Meshullam's great-grandson, and Meshillemith's great-great-grandson, Immer's great-great-great-grandson;
1 Chronicles 9:13 Their relatives, leaders of their family houses, were 1,760 strong men, skilled for the work of serving in God's house.
1 Chronicles 9:14 From the Levites: Shemaiah, son of Hasshub, grandson of Azrikam, great-grandson of Hashabiah, from Merari's family.
1 Chronicles 9:15 Bakbakkar, Heresh, Galal, and Mattaniah, who was Micah's son, Zichri's grandson, and Asaph's great-grandson;
1 Chronicles 9:16 Obadiah, Shemaiah's son, Galal's grandson, Jeduthun's great-grandson, and Berechiah, Asa's son, Elkanah's grandson, lived in the Netophathites' towns.
1 Chronicles 9:17 The gatekeepers were Shallum, Akkub, Talmon, and Ahiman, along with their brothers; Shallum was the leader.
1 Chronicles 9:18 They waited before at the king's gate to the east; they were gatekeepers among the groups of Levi's descendants.
1 Chronicles 9:19 Shallum, Kore's son, Ebiasaph's grandson, and Korah's great-grandson, and his family, the Korahites, were in charge of the work and the doors of the sacred tent. Their ancestors had guarded the entrance as leaders of God's army.
1 Chronicles 9:20 Phinehas, son of Eleazar, was their leader before, and God was with him.
1 Chronicles 9:21 Zechariah, Meshelemiah's son, was the gatekeeper of the tent where the meeting took place.
1 Chronicles 9:22 All these chosen as gatekeepers numbered 212. They were listed by their family histories in their towns, whom David and Samuel the seer appointed to their duties.
1 Chronicles 9:23 They and their children were in charge of guarding the gates of God's house, that is, the tent of worship, in different shifts.
1 Chronicles 9:24 The guards were in four areas, facing east, west, north, and south.
1 Chronicles 9:25 Their relatives from the villages were to join them every seven days, taking turns.
1 Chronicles 9:26 These four main guards were Levites. They had their assigned duties and were in charge of the rooms and storerooms of God's house.
1 Chronicles 9:27 They stayed near God's house because they were responsible for it and it was their duty to open it every morning.
1 Chronicles 9:28 Some of them were responsible for serving with the vessels, counting them as they brought them in and out.
1 Chronicles 9:29 Some were chosen to look after the containers, all the tools of the holy place, the fine flour, the wine, the oil, the incense, and the spices.
1 Chronicles 9:30 Some priest's sons made the spice ointment.
1 Chronicles 9:31 Mattithiah, a Levite and firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, was in charge of preparing the bread in the pans.
1 Chronicles 9:32 Other relatives from the Kohathite family were in charge of making the special bread for every Sabbath.
1 Chronicles 9:33 These are the main singers from the Levites' leaders, who stayed in the rooms without other duties because they worked at this job day and night.
1 Chronicles 9:34 These top Levite leaders were important in each generation; they lived in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 9:35 In Gibeon lived Jehiel, the founding father of Gibeon, and his wife's name was Maachah.
1 Chronicles 9:36 His oldest son was Abdon, followed by Zur, Kish, Baal, Ner, and Nadab.
1 Chronicles 9:37 Gedor, Ahio, Zechariah, and Mikloth.
1 Chronicles 9:38 Mikloth had a son named Shimeam. They lived near their relatives in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 9:39 Ner was the father of Kish; Kish was the father of Saul; Saul was the father of Jonathan, Malchishua, Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 9:40 Jonathan's son was Meribbaal, and Meribbaal had a son named Micah.
1 Chronicles 9:41 Micah's sons were Pithon, Melech, Tahrea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 9:42 Ahaz had Jarah; Jarah had Alemeth, Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri had Moza.
1 Chronicles 9:43 Moza had a son named Binea; Binea's son was Rephaiah, his son was Eleasah, and his son was Azel.
1 Chronicles 9:44 Azel had six sons named Azrikam, Bocheru, Ishmael, Sheariah, Obadiah, and Hanan. These were Azel's sons.

1 Chronicles 10:1 The Philistines battled Israel; Israel's men ran from the Philistines and were killed on Mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:2 The Philistines chased Saul and his sons closely; they killed Jonathan, Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
1 Chronicles 10:3 The fight grew tough for Saul, and the bowmen shot him, and he was hurt by the bowmen.
1 Chronicles 10:4 Then Saul told his armor-bearer, "Pull out your sword and stab me with it; so that these uncircumcised men won't come and mistreat me." But his armor-bearer didn't want to, because he was very scared. So, Saul took a sword and fell on it.
1 Chronicles 10:5 When his helper saw that Saul was dead, he also fell on his sword and died.
1 Chronicles 10:6 Saul died, along with his three sons and his whole family.
1 Chronicles 10:7 When all the Israelite men in the valley saw that their army had run away and that Saul and his sons were dead, they left their towns and ran away too. Then the Philistines came and lived in those towns.
1 Chronicles 10:8 The next day, when the Philistines came to rob the dead, they found Saul and his sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:9 After they took off his clothes, they took his head and armor and sent them around the land of the Philistines to bring news to their gods and the people.
1 Chronicles 10:10 They placed his armor in the house of their gods and hung his head in Dagon's temple.
1 Chronicles 10:11 When everyone in Jabeshgilead heard what the Philistines did to Saul,
1 Chronicles 10:12 Brave men got up, took Saul and his sons' bodies, brought them to Jabesh, buried their bones under the oak there, and did not eat for seven days.
1 Chronicles 10:13 Saul died because he sinned against God by not following God's word and also because he looked for advice from someone who talked with spirits.
1 Chronicles 10:14 He did not ask God; so God killed him and gave the kingdom to David, Jesse's son.

1 Chronicles 11:1 All Israel came to David in Hebron and said, "Look, we are your own flesh and bone."
1 Chronicles 11:2 Even before, when Saul was king, you were the one who led Israel: and God told you, "You will take care of my people Israel, and you will lead them."
1 Chronicles 11:3 So all the leaders of Israel went to the king at Hebron. There, in Hebron, David agreed with them before God; and they made David the king over Israel, as God had said through Samuel.
1 Chronicles 11:4 David and all of Israel went to Jerusalem, also known as Jebus, where the Jebusites lived in the land.
1 Chronicles 11:5 The people of Jebus told David, "You will not come here." But David captured the fortress of Zion, which is the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:6 David said, "Whoever attacks the Jebusites first will become the leader and commander." So Joab, Zeruiah's son, led the attack and became the leader.
1 Chronicles 11:7 David lived in the stronghold, so they named it David's city.
1 Chronicles 11:8 He built the city all around, from Millo and around it, and Joab fixed the rest of the city.
1 Chronicles 11:9 David became more and more powerful because God was with him.
1 Chronicles 11:10 These men were also leaders of the strong warriors who supported David and helped make him king over all Israel, as God had promised concerning Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:11 David had strong soldiers; Jashobeam, from Hachmon, led the captains. He fought and defeated three hundred enemies at once with his spear.
1 Chronicles 11:12 After him came Eleazar, son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three strongest warriors.
1 Chronicles 11:13 He was with David at Pasdammim, where the Philistines had come to fight, and there was a field of barley; the people ran away from the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 11:14 They took their position in the middle of the land, saved it, and killed the Philistines; and God rescued them with a great victory.
1 Chronicles 11:15 Three of the thirty leaders went to the rock to meet David at the cave of Adullam, while the Philistine army camped in Rephaim Valley.
1 Chronicles 11:16 David was in the stronghold, and the Philistines' fort was at Bethlehem at that time.
1 Chronicles 11:17 David felt a deep desire and said, "I wish someone would bring me water from the Bethlehem well by the gate!"
1 Chronicles 11:18 The three men fought through the Philistine army and got water from the Bethlehem well by the gate. They brought it to David, but he wouldn't drink it and poured it out to God.
1 Chronicles 11:19 He said, "God stop me from doing this. Should I drink what these men risked their lives to get? They risked their lives to bring it." So he refused to drink it. This is what the three bravest did.
1 Chronicles 11:20 Abishai, Joab's brother, was the leader of the three. By using his spear to defeat three hundred, he killed them and became famous among the three.
1 Chronicles 11:21 Among the three, he was the most respected because he was their leader, but he did not reach the level of the top three.
1 Chronicles 11:22 Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, from Kabzeel, who was brave and did many things, killed two strong Moab men and also killed a lion in a pit on a snowy day.
1 Chronicles 11:23 He killed an Egyptian, a very tall man about seven and a half feet tall; the Egyptian had a spear as thick as a weaver's rod; but he attacked with just a stick, grabbed the spear from the Egyptian, and killed him with it.
1 Chronicles 11:24 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, did these things and was known as one of the three mightiest.
1 Chronicles 11:25 Look, he was respected among the thirty, but did not reach the top three; and David put him in charge of his bodyguards.
1 Chronicles 11:26 The brave soldiers included Asahel, Joab's brother, and Elhanan, Dodo's son from Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 11:27 Shammah from Harar, Helez from Pela.
1 Chronicles 11:28 Ira, son of Ikkesh from Tekoa, and Abiezer from Anathoth,
1 Chronicles 11:29 Sibbecai from Hushath, Ilai from Ahoah,
1 Chronicles 11:30 Maharai from Netophah, Heled, Baanah's son, from Netophah,
1 Chronicles 11:31 Ithai, Ribai's son from Gibeah of Benjamin's descendants, Benaiah from Pirathon,
1 Chronicles 11:32 Hurai from the Gaash creeks, Abiel the Arbathite.
1 Chronicles 11:33 Azmaveth from Baharum, Eliahba from Shaalbon,
1 Chronicles 11:34 Hashem's sons from Gizon, Jonathan, Shage's son from Harar,
1 Chronicles 11:35 Ahiam, Sacar the Hararite's son, Eliphal, Ur's son.
1 Chronicles 11:36 Hepher from Mekerah, Ahijah from Pelon.
1 Chronicles 11:37 Hezro from Carmel, Naarai, Ezbai's son,
1 Chronicles 11:38 Joel Nathan's brother, Mibhar Haggeri's son,
1 Chronicles 11:39 Zelek from Ammon, Naharai from Beroth, Joab's armor carrier, Zeruiah's son.
1 Chronicles 11:40 Ira from Ithra, Gareb from Ithra,
1 Chronicles 11:41 Uriah from Hittite people, Zabad son of Ahlai,
1 Chronicles 11:42 Adina, Shiza's son from the tribe of Reuben, was a leader, and he was with thirty others.
1 Chronicles 11:43 Hanan, Maachah's son, and Joshaphat, from Mithni.
1 Chronicles 11:44 Uzzia from Ashterath, Shama and Jehiel who are Hothan's sons from Aroer,
1 Chronicles 11:45 Jediael, Shimri's son, and his brother Joha, the Tizite,
1 Chronicles 11:46 Eliel from Mahavah, Jeribai, and Joshaviah, Elnaam's sons, and Ithmah from Moab,
1 Chronicles 11:47 Eliel, Obed, and Jasiel from Mesoba.

1 Chronicles 12:1 These people came to David at Ziklag when he was still hiding from Saul, Kish's son. They were strong warriors who helped in battle.
1 Chronicles 12:2 They carried bows and could throw stones and shoot arrows with both their right and left hands, like Saul's relatives from Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 12:3 The leader was Ahiezer, followed by Joash, both sons of Shemaah from Gibeon; Jeziel and Pelet were Azmaveth's sons; also, Berachah and Jehu from Anathoth.
1 Chronicles 12:4 Ismaiah from Gibeon was a strong warrior among the thirty leaders, as were Jeremiah, Jahaziel, Johanan, and Josabad from Gederah.
1 Chronicles 12:5 Eluzai, Jerimoth, Bealiah, Shemariah, and Shephatiah from Haruph.
1 Chronicles 12:6 Elkanah, Jesiah, Azareel, Joezer, and Jashobeam were Korahites.
1 Chronicles 12:7 Joelah and Zebadiah, Jeroham of Gedor's sons.
1 Chronicles 12:8 Some strong warriors from the tribe of Gad joined David in the wilderness fortress. They were skilled in battle, could handle shields and swords, had faces like lions, and were as fast as deer on the mountains.
1 Chronicles 12:9 Ezer was the first, Obadiah was the second, Eliab was the third.
1 Chronicles 12:10 Mishmannah was number four, Jeremiah was number five.
1 Chronicles 12:11 Attai was the sixth, Eliel was the seventh.
1 Chronicles 12:12 Johanan was the eighth, Elzabad was the ninth.
1 Chronicles 12:13 Jeremiah was the tenth, Machbanai was the eleventh.
1 Chronicles 12:14 These were children of Gad, leaders of the army: even the smallest leader commanded a hundred, and the greatest commanded a thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:15 These are the people who crossed the Jordan River in the first month, when it had flooded over all its edges; and they made all the valley dwellers run away, both to the east and to the west.
1 Chronicles 12:16 Some of the people of Benjamin and Judah went to the stronghold to meet David.
1 Chronicles 12:17 David met them and said, "If you have come peacefully to help me, my heart will join with yours. But if you're here to betray me to my enemies, when I've done no wrong, may God, the God of our ancestors, see it and judge."
1 Chronicles 12:18 The spirit filled Amasai, the leader of the captains. He said, "We are with you, David, and support you, son of Jesse. May you have peace, and may your helpers have peace because God supports you." Then David welcomed them and made them leaders of his troops.
1 Chronicles 12:19 Some from the tribe of Manasseh joined David when he went with the Philistines to fight Saul; but they did not aid them. The Philistine leaders, after discussing it, sent him away, saying, "He might turn against us and go back to Saul, putting us in danger."
1 Chronicles 12:20 On his way to Ziklag, some men from Manasseh joined him: Adnah, Jozabad, Jediael, Michael, Jozabad, Elihu, and Zilthai, who were leaders of groups of a thousand from Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 12:21 They helped David fight the raiders because they were all brave warriors and leaders in the army.
1 Chronicles 12:22 Every day, more people came to support David, and gradually there was a huge group, as large as God's group.
1 Chronicles 12:23 These are the counts of the groups prepared for battle who came to David in Hebron to shift Saul's kingdom to him, following God's command.
1 Chronicles 12:24 The soldiers from Judah with shields and spears were 6,800, prepared to fight in the war.
1 Chronicles 12:25 From the Simeon family, seven thousand one hundred strong warriors for battle.
1 Chronicles 12:26 From the Levi tribe, there were four thousand six hundred people.
1 Chronicles 12:27 Jehoiada was the leader of Aaron's descendants, and he had three thousand seven hundred people with him.
1 Chronicles 12:28 Zadok, a young brave man, had twenty-two captains in his father's family.
1 Chronicles 12:29 From the tribe of Benjamin, Saul's relatives, there were three thousand; until now, most of them had remained loyal to Saul's family.
1 Chronicles 12:30 From the descendants of Ephraim, 20,800 brave and well-known warriors were counted.
1 Chronicles 12:31 From half the tribe of Manasseh, eighteen thousand were named to come and make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:32 From the tribe of Issachar, there were 200 leaders who understood the times and knew what Israel should do; their relatives supported them.
1 Chronicles 12:33 From Zebulun, 50,000 skilled warriors ready for battle with all their weapons went out. They were united in purpose and not divided in loyalty.
1 Chronicles 12:34 From Naphtali, there were a thousand leaders, along with thirty-seven thousand men with shields and spears.
1 Chronicles 12:35 From the Danites, there were 28,600 skilled soldiers.
1 Chronicles 12:36 From Asher, forty thousand skilled warriors went out to fight.
1 Chronicles 12:37 Across the Jordan River, the Reubenites, Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh were ready for war with all kinds of weapons, totaling 120,000 soldiers.
1 Chronicles 12:38 All these warriors, able to maintain order, came to Hebron with a true heart to make David the king over all Israel, and every other person in Israel also agreed with one heart to make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:39 They stayed with David for three days, eating and drinking because their relatives had made preparations for them.
1 Chronicles 12:40 People nearby, including those from Issachar, Zebulun, and Naphtali, brought bread on donkeys, camels, mules, and oxen, along with meat, flour, fig cakes, raisin clusters, wine, oil, more oxen, and lots of sheep, because there was great joy in Israel.

1 Chronicles 13:1 David talked with the leaders of thousands and hundreds, and with every chief.
1 Chronicles 13:2 David said to all the people of Israel, "If it seems good to you and it is God's will, let's send a message to our brothers everywhere who remain in the land of Israel, and to the priests and Levites in their towns and surrounding areas, so they can join us."
1 Chronicles 13:3 Let's bring back God's ark to us; we didn't ask for its guidance when Saul was king.
1 Chronicles 13:4 And the whole group agreed to do it because everyone thought it was the right thing to do.
1 Chronicles 13:5 David brought all the people of Israel from the Shihor River near Egypt to Hemath to move God's ark from Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 13:6 David and all of Israel went to Baalah, also known as Kirjathjearim in Judah, to bring back the ark of God, called by His name and resting between the cherubim.
1 Chronicles 13:7 They moved God's ark on a new cart from Abinadab's house; Uzza and Ahio drove the cart.
1 Chronicles 13:8 David and everyone in Israel danced and played music for God with all their strength, using songs, harps, lyres, tambourines, cymbals, and trumpets.
1 Chronicles 13:9 When they got to Chidon's threshing floor, Uzza reached out to steady the ark because the oxen tripped.
1 Chronicles 13:10 God became angry with Uzza and struck him down because he touched the ark, and Uzza died there in front of God.
1 Chronicles 13:11 David was upset because God had punished Uzza, so that place is named Perezuzza even now.
1 Chronicles 13:12 David was scared of God that day and asked, "How can I bring God's ark to my house?"
1 Chronicles 13:13 David did not bring the ark to his own city but took it to the house of Obed-edom, a man from Gath.
1 Chronicles 13:14 God's chest stayed with Obededom's family in his home for three months. And God blessed Obededom's home and all his belongings.

1 Chronicles 14:1 Hiram, the king of Tyre, sent messengers to David with cedar wood, stone workers, and carpenters to build a house for him.
1 Chronicles 14:2 David realized that God had established him as king over Israel because his kingdom was highly honored due to the people of Israel.
1 Chronicles 14:3 David married more women in Jerusalem and had more sons and daughters.
1 Chronicles 14:4 These are the names of his children born in Jerusalem: Shammua, Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon.
1 Chronicles 14:5 Ibhar, Elishua, and Elpalet,
1 Chronicles 14:6 Nogah, Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 14:7 Elishama, Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
1 Chronicles 14:8 When the Philistines learned David was made king over all of Israel, they all went to find David. David found out and went to face them.
1 Chronicles 14:9 The Philistines came and spread out in the Rephaim Valley.
1 Chronicles 14:10 David asked God, "Should I go fight the Philistines? Will you give them to me?" And God said to him, "Go; I will give them to you."
1 Chronicles 14:11 They went to Baalperazim, and David defeated them there. Then David said, God has helped me defeat my enemies like water bursting through. So they named that place Baalperazim.
1 Chronicles 14:12 After they had abandoned their gods, David ordered them to be burned.
1 Chronicles 14:13 The Philistines once more spread out in the valley.
1 Chronicles 14:14 David asked God again, and God told him, "Do not chase them; go around them and attack from near the mulberry trees."
1 Chronicles 14:15 When you hear a rustling in the mulberry trees, then move out to fight because God has gone ahead of you to strike down the Philistine army.
1 Chronicles 14:16 David did as God told him, and they defeated the Philistine army from Gibeon to Gazer.
1 Chronicles 14:17 David became famous in all the lands and God made all nations fear him.

1 Chronicles 15:1 David built himself homes in the city of David, made a spot ready for God's ark, and set up a tent for it.
1 Chronicles 15:2 David said, only the Levites should carry God's ark because God chose them to carry it and to serve Him forever.
1 Chronicles 15:3 David brought all of Israel to Jerusalem to move God's ark to the spot he had set up for it.
1 Chronicles 15:4 David gathered Aaron's descendants and the Levites.
1 Chronicles 15:5 From Kohath's descendants, Uriel was the leader, and with him were 120 relatives.
1 Chronicles 15:6 From Merari's descendants: Asaiah was the leader, with 220 of his relatives.
1 Chronicles 15:7 From Gershom's descendants, Joel was the leader, with 130 in his family.
1 Chronicles 15:8 From Elizaphan's descendants: Shemaiah was the leader, with two hundred of his relatives.
1 Chronicles 15:9 From Hebron's sons, Eliel was the leader, with eighty of his brothers.
1 Chronicles 15:10 From Uzziel's sons: Amminadab was the leader, and he had 112 brothers.
1 Chronicles 15:11 David called for the priests Zadok and Abiathar, and for the Levites Uriel, Asaiah, Joel, Shemaiah, Eliel, and Amminadab.
1 Chronicles 15:12 He said to them, "You are the leaders of the Levites' ancestors. Make yourselves and your brothers holy so you can bring God's ark to the place I have made ready for it."
1 Chronicles 15:13 Because we didn't do it right the first time, God punished us since we didn't follow the proper way to seek him.
1 Chronicles 15:14 The priests and Levites made themselves pure to carry the ark of God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 15:15 The Levite children carried God's ark on their shoulders with the poles in place, as Moses ordered by God's command.
1 Chronicles 15:16 David told the Levite leaders to choose their relatives to sing and play music with lyres, harps, and cymbals, making joyful sounds with loud voices.
1 Chronicles 15:17 The Levites chose Heman, Joel's son; and from his brothers, they chose Asaph, Berechiah's son; and from the Merari family, Ethan, Kushaiah's son.
1 Chronicles 15:18 Also with them were their fellow workers of the next rank: Zechariah, Ben, Jaaziel, Shemiramoth, Jehiel, Unni, Eliab, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattithiah, Elipheleh, Mikneiah, Obededom, and Jeiel, the gatekeepers.
1 Chronicles 15:19 The singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were chosen to play bronze cymbals.
1 Chronicles 15:20 Zechariah, Aziel, Shemiramoth, Jehiel, Unni, Eliab, Maaseiah, and Benaiah played the harps following the Alamoth style.
1 Chronicles 15:21 Mattithiah, Elipheleh, Mikneiah, Obededom, Jeiel, and Azaziah played their harps tuned to the octave to lead the music.
1 Chronicles 15:22 Chenaniah, the head of the Levites, was in charge of the music. He taught others about music because he was talented.
1 Chronicles 15:23 Berechiah and Elkanah were guards for the ark.
1 Chronicles 15:24 Shebaniah, Jehoshaphat, Nethaneel, Amasai, Zechariah, Benaiah, and Eliezer, who were priests, blew trumpets in front of God's ark, while Obededom and Jehiah guarded the doors of the ark.
1 Chronicles 15:25 David, the leaders of Israel, and the commanders of groups of a thousand went to happily move God's covenant chest from Obed-edom's home.
1 Chronicles 15:26 When God helped the Levites carrying the ark of God's covenant, they sacrificed seven bulls and seven rams.
1 Chronicles 15:27 David wore a fine linen robe, and so did all the Levites carrying the ark, the singers, and Chenaniah who led them in music. David also wore a linen ephod.
1 Chronicles 15:28 So all of Israel carried the ark of God's covenant with shouting, with cornet sounds, trumpets, cymbals, and made music with lyres and harps.
1 Chronicles 15:29 When the ark of God's covenant arrived at David's city, Michal, Saul's daughter, watched from a window as King David danced and played music, and she felt contempt for him in her heart.

1 Chronicles 16:1 They brought God's ark and placed it inside the tent David set up for it; they gave burnt sacrifices and peace offerings to God.
1 Chronicles 16:2 After David finished giving the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in God's name.
1 Chronicles 16:3 He gave every person in Israel, both men and women, a loaf of bread, a nice piece of meat, and a bottle of wine.
1 Chronicles 16:4 He chose some Levites to serve before God's ark, to keep records, and to thank and praise the God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 16:5 Asaph was the leader, with Zechariah, Jeiel, Shemiramoth, Jehiel, Mattithiah, Eliab, Benaiah, and Obed-edom next to him. Jeiel played the psalteries and harps, while Asaph played the cymbals.
1 Chronicles 16:6 Benaiah and Jahaziel, who were priests, always played trumpets in front of God's covenant box.
1 Chronicles 16:7 On that day, David first gave this psalm to thank God to Asaph and his brothers.
1 Chronicles 16:8 Give thanks to God, call on his name, tell everyone about what he has done.
1 Chronicles 16:9 Sing to him, sing songs to him, talk about all his amazing works.
1 Chronicles 16:10 Celebrate God's holy name: let those who look for God be happy in their hearts.
1 Chronicles 16:11 Look for God and his power, always search for his presence.
1 Chronicles 16:12 Remember the amazing things God has done, his miracles, and the decisions he has spoken.
1 Chronicles 16:13 You descendants of Israel, God's servants, you offspring of Jacob, his chosen people.
1 Chronicles 16:14 He is our God; his decisions are everywhere on earth.
1 Chronicles 16:15 Always remember God's agreement, the promise he gave for a thousand generations.
1 Chronicles 16:16 About the promise God made to Abraham, and the pledge to Isaac;
1 Chronicles 16:17 God made it a law for Jacob and a forever promise to Israel.
1 Chronicles 16:18 God said, "I will give you the land of Canaan as your inheritance."
1 Chronicles 16:19 When you were only a few people, strangers in the land.
1 Chronicles 16:20 As they moved from one country to another and from one kingdom to a different nation;
1 Chronicles 16:21 He did not let anyone harm them; indeed, he scolded kings for their protection.
1 Chronicles 16:22 "God said, 'Do not harm my chosen ones, and do not hurt my prophets.'"
1 Chronicles 16:23 Sing to God, all the earth; show his salvation every day.
1 Chronicles 16:24 Tell everyone about God's greatness; share the amazing things He does with all people.
1 Chronicles 16:25 God is great and deserves much praise; we should also fear him more than any other gods.
1 Chronicles 16:26 All other people's gods are just idols, but God created the skies.
1 Chronicles 16:27 God's presence brings glory and honor; His place is filled with strength and joy.
1 Chronicles 16:28 Give to God, you families of the people, give to God glory and strength.
1 Chronicles 16:29 Give God the honor that belongs to his name; bring a gift and come before him; worship God in the beauty of being holy.
1 Chronicles 16:30 All the earth, be in awe of God; the world will be firm and not shake.
1 Chronicles 16:31 Let the sky be happy, and the earth be joyful, and let people tell all countries, "God rules."
1 Chronicles 16:32 Let the sea make noise and everything in it; let the fields be happy and everything in them.
1 Chronicles 16:33 The trees of the forest will sing when God comes, because he is coming to judge the world.
1 Chronicles 16:34 Give thanks to God, for he is good, for his kindness lasts forever.
1 Chronicles 16:35 Say to God, "Save us, Savior, bring us together, and free us from other nations, so we can thank your holy name and find joy in praising you."
1 Chronicles 16:36 Praise God of Israel forever and ever. And all the people said, "Amen," and praised God.
1 Chronicles 16:37 He left Asaph and his brothers there in front of God's covenant chest to serve continually, as each day needed.
1 Chronicles 16:38 Obededom and his 68 brothers, along with the sons of Jeduthun and Hosah, served as gatekeepers.
1 Chronicles 16:39 Priest Zadok and his fellow priests served at God's tent on the high ground in Gibeon.
1 Chronicles 16:40 To give burnt sacrifices to God on the altar for burnt sacrifices always in the morning and in the evening, and to do everything that is written in God's law that he gave to Israel.
1 Chronicles 16:41 Along with them were Heman and Jeduthun, and the others who were selected and named, to thank God, because his mercy lasts forever.
1 Chronicles 16:42 Heman and Jeduthun joined them with trumpets and cymbals to make music and with God's instruments. Jeduthun's sons were gatekeepers.
1 Chronicles 16:43 All the people went to their own homes, and David went back to bless his family.

1 Chronicles 17:1 One day, while David was at home, he said to Nathan the prophet, "Look, I live in a house made of cedar wood, but God's covenant chest is still under a tent."
1 Chronicles 17:2 Then Nathan told David, "Do all that you want to do; because God is with you."
1 Chronicles 17:3 That night, God spoke to Nathan and said,
1 Chronicles 17:4 Go and tell David my servant, God says, You must not build a house for me to live in.
1 Chronicles 17:5 Since the day I led Israel up to this day, I have not lived in a house; instead, I moved from one tent to another and from one shelter to another.
1 Chronicles 17:6 Everywhere I have gone with all Israel, did I ask any of the leaders of Israel, whom I told to take care of my people, 'Why haven't you built me a cedar house?'
1 Chronicles 17:7 So now, tell my servant David this: God says, "I chose you from the pasture and from tending sheep to be the leader of my people Israel."
1 Chronicles 17:8 I have always been with you wherever you have gone, and I have defeated all your enemies for you. I have given you a reputation as great as any of the famous people on the earth.
1 Chronicles 17:9 I will choose a place for my people Israel and make them settle there. They will live there and not be uprooted again; the children of wickedness will not harm them anymore like before.
1 Chronicles 17:10 Ever since I told judges to lead my people Israel, I will also defeat all your enemies. Also, I tell you that God will build you a house.
1 Chronicles 17:11 When your time ends and you join your ancestors, I will bring up one of your descendants, one of your sons, and make his kingdom strong.
1 Chronicles 17:12 He will build a house for me, and I will make his throne last forever.
1 Chronicles 17:13 I will be his father, and he will be my son. I will not remove my mercy from him as I did with the one before you.
1 Chronicles 17:14 I will establish him in my house and kingdom forever; his throne will be secure forever.
1 Chronicles 17:15 Nathan told David everything just as he had seen and heard.
1 Chronicles 17:16 King David came and sat before God and said, "Who am I, God, and what is my house, that you have brought me this far?"
1 Chronicles 17:17 Even this was a small thing to you, God; you have also talked about your servant's family for a long time ahead, and you have treated me like someone with high status, O God.
1 Chronicles 17:18 What more can David say to you about the honor of your servant? You know your servant well.
1 Chronicles 17:19 God, for your servant's benefit and following your own will, you have done all these great things and revealed them.
1 Chronicles 17:20 God, no one is like you, and there is no other God except you, just as we have heard.
1 Chronicles 17:21 What other nation on earth is like your people, Israel, whom God saved to be his own, to make himself a great and feared name by removing other nations from before your people whom he rescued from Egypt?
1 Chronicles 17:22 You made Israel your people forever, and you, God, became their God.
1 Chronicles 17:23 So now, God, let what you have said about your servant and his family be true forever, and do as you have promised.
1 Chronicles 17:24 Let it be firm, so your name can be honored forever, as people say, "God commanded the armies is the God of Israel and is a God to Israel." And let David's family, your servant's house, stand strong in your presence.
1 Chronicles 17:25 You, my God, have told your servant that you will build a house for him: so your servant felt moved to pray to you.
1 Chronicles 17:26 And now, God, you are God, and have promised this kindness to your servant.
1 Chronicles 17:27 So now, please bless your servant's house so it will always be before you. Because when you bless, God, it is blessed forever.

1 Chronicles 18:1 After this, David defeated the Philistines, overpowered them, and captured Gath and its surrounding towns from the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 18:2 He defeated Moab, and the Moabites became David's servants, bringing him gifts.
1 Chronicles 18:3 David defeated King Hadarezer of Zobah as far as Hamath while he was expanding his territory to the Euphrates River.
1 Chronicles 18:4 David captured from him a thousand chariots, seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand foot soldiers. David also crippled all the chariot horses, but saved a hundred chariots.
1 Chronicles 18:5 When the soldiers from Damascus came to help King Hadarezer of Zobah, David killed 22,000 Syrian men.
1 Chronicles 18:6 David placed military posts in Syrian Damascus; the Syrians became David's subjects and brought presents. So God protected David wherever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:7 David took the golden shields from Hadarezer's servants and brought them to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 18:8 David took a lot of bronze from the cities of Tibhath and Chun, which belonged to Hadadezer, and Solomon used it to make the bronze sea, pillars, and bronze objects.
1 Chronicles 18:9 When Tou, the king of Hamath, found out that David had defeated the entire army of Hadarezer, the king of Zobah;
1 Chronicles 18:10 He sent his son Hadoram to King David to ask about his health and to celebrate with him because he defeated Hadarezer, who had been at war with Tou, and he brought with him many items made of gold, silver, and bronze.
1 Chronicles 18:11 King David also dedicated these things to God, along with the silver and gold he had taken from various nations: Edom, Moab, Ammon's descendants, the Philistines, and Amalek.
1 Chronicles 18:12 Abishai, son of Zeruiah, killed 18,000 Edomites in the Salt Valley.
1 Chronicles 18:13 He placed guards in Edom, and all the Edomites served David. God protected David wherever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:14 David ruled over all of Israel and made fair decisions and laws for his people.
1 Chronicles 18:15 Joab, Zeruiah's son, commanded the army; and Jehoshaphat, Ahilud's son, was the historian.
1 Chronicles 18:16 Zadok, Ahitub's son, and Abimelech, Abiathar's son, were priests; Shavsha was the secretary.
1 Chronicles 18:17 Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, commanded the Cherethites and Pelethites; David's sons were the main leaders around the king.

1 Chronicles 19:1 After this happened, King Nahash of the Ammonites died, and his son became king after him.
1 Chronicles 19:2 David said, "I will be kind to Hanun, son of Nahash, because his father was kind to me." David sent messengers to comfort him about his father. David's servants went to Ammon's territory to Hanun to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 19:3 But the leaders of the Ammonites said to Hanun, "Do you think that David wants to honor your father by sending these men to comfort you? Haven't his servants come to you to explore, overthrow, and spy on the land?"
1 Chronicles 19:4 So Hanun took David's servants, shaved them, trimmed their clothes short near their buttocks, and sent them away.
1 Chronicles 19:5 Some people went and told David what had happened to the men. He sent messengers to meet them because the men were very embarrassed. The king said, "Stay in Jericho until your beards grow back, then come back."
1 Chronicles 19:6 When the Ammonites realized they had become hated by David, Hanun and the Ammonites gave a thousand talents of silver to get chariots and horsemen from Mesopotamia, from Maacah, and from Zobah.
1 Chronicles 19:7 They paid for 32,000 chariots and the king of Maachah with his army; they arrived and set up camp near Medeba. The people of Ammon also came from their towns, ready to fight.
1 Chronicles 19:8 When David found out, he sent Joab and all the strong soldiers.
1 Chronicles 19:9 The Ammonites came out and arranged their army for battle in front of the city gate; the kings who had joined forces were alone in the open country.
1 Chronicles 19:10 When Joab saw the enemy in front and behind, he picked the best soldiers of Israel and arranged them to fight the Syrians.
1 Chronicles 19:11 He gave the rest of the people to his brother Abishai, and they prepared to fight the Ammonites.
1 Chronicles 19:12 He said, "If the Syrians are too strong for me, you must help me. But if the Ammonites are too strong for you, I will help you."
1 Chronicles 19:13 Let's be brave and fight bravely for our people and God's cities, and let God do what is good in his sight.
1 Chronicles 19:14 Joab and his soldiers approached the Syrians for battle; the Syrians ran away from them.
1 Chronicles 19:15 When the Ammonites saw the Syrians running away, they also ran from Abishai and went back to their city. After that, Joab went to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 19:16 When the Syrians realized they were losing to Israel, they sent messengers and called for Syrian troops from across the river. Shophach, the leader of Hadarezer's army, led them.
1 Chronicles 19:17 David was told, so he brought all of Israel together, crossed the Jordan, approached them, and arranged his troops for battle. When David had set up his troops against the Syrians, they fought with him.
1 Chronicles 19:18 The Syrians ran away from Israel; David killed seven thousand of their chariot soldiers, forty thousand infantry, and Shophach, the army commander.
1 Chronicles 19:19 When Hadarezer's servants saw they were defeated by Israel, they made peace with David and served him; the Syrians would not help the Ammonites anymore.

1 Chronicles 20:1 When the year ended, at the time kings usually go to battle, Joab took the army out, destroyed the land of the Ammonites, and attacked Rabbah. But David stayed in Jerusalem. Joab conquered Rabbah and ruined it.
1 Chronicles 20:2 David took the crown from their king's head, saw it was as heavy as a talent of gold with precious stones, put it on his own head, and took a lot of valuable things from the city.
1 Chronicles 20:3 He took out the people in it and cut them with saws, iron tools, and axes. David did this to all the Ammonite cities. Then David and everyone went back to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 20:4 After this, there was a war at Gezer with the Philistines; then Sibbechai the Hushathite killed Sippai, a descendant of the giants, and they were defeated.
1 Chronicles 20:5 The war with the Philistines began again; and Elhanan, son of Jair, killed Lahmi, Goliath's brother, who had a spear shaft as big as a weaver's rod.
1 Chronicles 20:6 War happened again in Gath, where a very tall man lived with 24 fingers and toes, six on each hand and foot. He was also the giant's son.
1 Chronicles 20:7 When he challenged Israel, Jonathan, the son of Shimea, David's brother, killed him.
1 Chronicles 20:8 These were the children of the giant in Gath; and they were defeated by David and his men.

1 Chronicles 21:1 Satan acted against Israel and tempted David to count the people of Israel.
1 Chronicles 21:2 David told Joab and the people's leaders, "Go, count the people of Israel from Beersheba to Dan; then tell me the total so I can know it."
1 Chronicles 21:3 Joab replied, "May God increase his people a hundred times over what they are. But my king, aren't they all your servants? So why does my king want this? Why would he bring guilt on Israel?"
1 Chronicles 21:4 But the king's command was stronger than Joab's objections. So Joab left, traveled all over Israel, and returned to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 21:5 Joab told David how many people there were. In Israel, there were one million one hundred thousand soldiers with swords; in Judah, there were four hundred seventy thousand soldiers with swords.
1 Chronicles 21:6 But Levi and Benjamin were not included by him because Joab found the king's command detestable.
1 Chronicles 21:7 God was unhappy with this; so he punished Israel.
1 Chronicles 21:8 David said to God, "I have sinned a lot because I did this. But now, please forgive your servant's wrong; I have been very foolish."
1 Chronicles 21:9 God spoke to Gad, David's prophet, saying,
1 Chronicles 21:10 Go and tell David, 'God says, I am giving you three choices: pick one, so I can do it for you.'
1 Chronicles 21:11 So Gad went to David and said, "This is what God tells you, 'Choose for yourself'
1 Chronicles 21:12 You can choose: three years with not enough food; or three months running from your enemies as they chase you; or three days of a deadly disease in the land, with God's angel bringing destruction everywhere in Israel. Now decide what answer I should take back to the one who sent me.
1 Chronicles 21:13 David told Gad, "I am in big trouble. Let me be punished by God because His mercy is very great, but don't let me be punished by people."
1 Chronicles 21:14 God brought a disease on Israel, and seventy thousand men died.
1 Chronicles 21:15 God sent an angel to destroy Jerusalem, but as the destruction began, God saw what was happening, felt sorry for the harm, and told the angel to stop. The angel then stopped near the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite.
1 Chronicles 21:16 David looked up and saw God's angel standing between earth and sky, with a drawn sword in his hand extended over Jerusalem. Then David and the leaders of Israel, wearing rough clothes, fell face down.
1 Chronicles 21:17 David said to God, "Wasn't it me who ordered the counting of the people? It was me who sinned and did wrong. But these sheep, what have they done? Please let your punishment be on me and my family, not on your people, so they don't suffer."
1 Chronicles 21:18 Then God's angel told Gad to tell David to go and build an altar for God on Ornan the Jebusite's threshing floor.
1 Chronicles 21:19 David went up following Gad's instructions, which he gave in God's name.
1 Chronicles 21:20 Ornan turned around, saw the angel, and his four sons with him hid. Ornan was threshing wheat.
1 Chronicles 21:21 When David arrived at Ornan's place, Ornan saw him, left the threshing floor, and bowed down to David with his face to the ground.
1 Chronicles 21:22 David said to Ornan, "Let me have this threshing floor to build an altar for God. Sell it to me at its full price, so that the sickness will stop hurting the people."
1 Chronicles 21:23 Ornan said to David, "Take this and let the king do what seems right to him: Look, I give you the oxen for the burnt offerings, the threshing tools for wood, and the wheat for the grain offering; I give it all."
1 Chronicles 21:24 King David said to Ornan, "No, I will really buy it for the full price. I won't take what is yours for God or give burnt offerings for free."
1 Chronicles 21:25 David paid Ornan six hundred gold shekels for the land.
1 Chronicles 21:26 David made an altar for God, gave burnt and peace offerings, prayed to God, and God responded with fire from heaven on the burnt offering altar.
1 Chronicles 21:27 God told the angel to put his sword back in its sheath.
1 Chronicles 21:28 At that time, David saw that God had answered him at Ornan the Jebusite's threshing floor, and he made sacrifices there.
1 Chronicles 21:29 The tent of God that Moses set up in the desert, and the altar for burnt sacrifices, were then on the hill at Gibeon.
1 Chronicles 21:30 David could not approach to ask God because he was afraid of the angel's sword.

1 Chronicles 22:1 Then David said, "This is God's house, and this is the altar for Israel's burnt offerings."
1 Chronicles 22:2 David ordered to bring together the foreigners in Israel; he assigned stonecutters to shape stones to construct God's house.
1 Chronicles 22:3 David collected lots of iron for the gate door nails and connectors, and an immeasurable amount of brass.
1 Chronicles 22:4 Many cedar trees were brought to David by the people of Sidon and Tyre because they had a lot of cedar wood.
1 Chronicles 22:5 David said, "My son Solomon is young and gentle, and the temple that will be built for God must be very magnificent, famous, and glorious in all countries. So, I will now prepare for it." Thus, David made many preparations before he died.
1 Chronicles 22:6 He called his son Solomon and told him to build a house for the God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 22:7 David said to Solomon, "My son, I planned to build a house for God's name.
1 Chronicles 22:8 God's message came to me: "You have spilled a lot of blood and fought many wars. You cannot build a house for my name because you have caused much bloodshed on the earth in front of me."
1 Chronicles 22:9 Look, you will have a son who will be a peaceful man; I will make sure he has peace from all his enemies around. His name will be Solomon, and I will bring peace and calm to Israel during his life.
1 Chronicles 22:10 He will build a house for my name; he will be my son, and I will be his father; and I will set up his kingdom's throne over Israel forever.
1 Chronicles 22:11 Now, my son, may God be with you; succeed and build God's house, as he has told you.
1 Chronicles 22:12 May God give you wisdom and understanding, and instruct you about Israel, so you can follow God's law.
1 Chronicles 22:13 You will succeed if you carefully follow the rules and decisions that God gave Moses for Israel: be strong and brave; do not be afraid or discouraged.
1 Chronicles 22:14 Now, look, in my difficult time, I have prepared for God's house one hundred thousand talents of gold and one million talents of silver; and so much brass and iron they can't be weighed because there's so much; I have also prepared wood and stone; and you can add more.
1 Chronicles 22:15 You also have many workers: stonecutters, carpenters, and all kinds of skilled people for every job.
1 Chronicles 22:16 There's so much gold, silver, bronze, and iron that it can't be counted. Get up and start working, and God will be with you.
1 Chronicles 22:17 David also told all the leaders of Israel to support his son Solomon, saying,
1 Chronicles 22:18 Isn't God with you? Hasn't he given you peace all around? For he has let us defeat the people of the land, and now the land is under God's control and his people's.
1 Chronicles 22:19 Focus your heart and soul on searching for God; get up and build the holy place for God, to put the ark of God's agreement and God's sacred items in the temple made for God's name.

1 Chronicles 23:1 When David was old, he made his son Solomon the king of Israel.
1 Chronicles 23:2 He brought together all the leaders of Israel, the priests, and the Levites.
1 Chronicles 23:3 The Levites were counted starting at age thirty and older: altogether, they were 38,000 men.
1 Chronicles 23:4 24,000 people were to work on God's house, and 6,000 were officers and judges.
1 Chronicles 23:5 Also, four thousand were gatekeepers; and four thousand praised God with the instruments that I, David, made for praising.
1 Chronicles 23:6 David split them into groups among Levi's sons: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 23:7 From the Gershon family were Laadan and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 23:8 Laadan's sons were leader Jehiel, Zetham, and Joel, three in total.
1 Chronicles 23:9 Shimei's sons were Shelomith, Haziel, and Haran—three in total. They were the leaders of the Laadan family.
1 Chronicles 23:10 Shimei had four sons: Jahath, Zina, Jeush, and Beriah.
1 Chronicles 23:11 Jahath was the leader, Zizah was next, but Jeush and Beriah did not have many children, so they were counted as one family.
1 Chronicles 23:12 Kohath's sons were Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel—four in total.
1 Chronicles 23:13 Amram's sons were Aaron and Moses. Aaron was set apart to make the most sacred things holy, along with his sons forever. They burned incense before God, served him, and blessed his name always.
1 Chronicles 23:14 About Moses, a man of God, his sons were called from the Levi tribe.
1 Chronicles 23:15 Moses had two sons named Gershom and Eliezer.
1 Chronicles 23:16 Shebuel was the main son of Gershom.
1 Chronicles 23:17 Eliezer's sons were led by Rehabiah. Eliezer had no other sons, but Rehabiah had many.
1 Chronicles 23:18 Izhar's son was chief, and his name was Shelomith.
1 Chronicles 23:19 Hebron's sons were: Jeriah first, Amariah second, Jahaziel third, and Jekameam fourth.
1 Chronicles 23:20 Uzziel's sons were: Micah first, and Jesiah second.
1 Chronicles 23:21 Merari's sons were Mahli and Mushi. Mahli's sons were Eleazar and Kish.
1 Chronicles 23:22 Eleazar died without sons, only daughters; and Kish's sons, their cousins, married them.
1 Chronicles 23:23 Mushi's sons were Mahli, Eder, and Jeremoth, three in total.
1 Chronicles 23:24 These were Levi's sons by their family lines; the heads of the families, who were counted by name, did the work for serving in God's house, starting at age twenty and older.
1 Chronicles 23:25 David said, God of Israel has given his people peace so they can live in Jerusalem forever.
1 Chronicles 23:26 And also to the Levites; they will not carry the tent or any of its equipment for its service anymore.
1 Chronicles 23:27 David's final instructions were to count the Levites who were 20 years old or older.
1 Chronicles 23:28 Their job was to help Aaron's sons in serving God's house, in the courtyards, rooms, and in cleaning all holy items, and in the work of serving in God's house.
1 Chronicles 23:29 For the bread displayed, for the fine flour for grain offerings, for the unleavened bread, for what is baked in the pan, for what is fried, and for all kinds of measurements and amounts.
1 Chronicles 23:30 And to stand every morning to thank and praise God, and also in the evening.
1 Chronicles 23:31 To offer all burnt sacrifices to God on the sabbaths, at the new moons, and during the set festivals, in the amount and way God told them, always before God.
1 Chronicles 23:32 They must take care of the meeting tent, the holy area, and be responsible for the service of their brothers, the sons of Aaron, in God's house.

1 Chronicles 24:1 These are the groups of Aaron's sons: Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 24:2 Nadab and Abihu died before their father and had no kids, so Eleazar and Ithamar became priests.
1 Chronicles 24:3 David assigned roles to them: Zadok from Eleazar's descendants and Ahimelech from Ithamar's descendants, based on their duties in their service.
1 Chronicles 24:4 There were more leaders from Eleazar's sons than from Ithamar's sons, and they were split up this way: Sixteen leaders from Eleazar's family and eight from Ithamar's family.
1 Chronicles 24:5 They were separated by drawing lots, each group equally; because leaders of the sanctuary and leaders of God's house came from both Eleazar's descendants and Ithamar's descendants.
1 Chronicles 24:6 Shemaiah, Nethaneel's son and a writer, recorded names for the king, leaders, priest Zadok, Ahimelech (Abiathar's son), and the head priests and Levites. They chose one main family for Eleazar and one for Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 24:7 The first turn went to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah.
1 Chronicles 24:8 The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim.
1 Chronicles 24:9 The fifth lot came out for Malchijah, the sixth for Mijamin.
1 Chronicles 24:10 The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah.
1 Chronicles 24:11 The ninth for Jeshuah, the tenth for Shecaniah.
1 Chronicles 24:12 Eliashib got the eleventh turn, and Jakim got the twelfth.
1 Chronicles 24:13 The thirteenth is to Huppah, the fourteenth is to Jeshebeab.
1 Chronicles 24:14 The fifteenth lot fell to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer.
1 Chronicles 24:15 The seventeenth lot fell to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses.
1 Chronicles 24:16 The nineteenth lot fell to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel.
1 Chronicles 24:17 The twenty-first lot was for Jachin, the twenty-second lot was for Gamul.
1 Chronicles 24:18 The twenty-third lot fell to Delaiah, the twenty-fourth to Maaziah.
1 Chronicles 24:19 These were the rules for them in serving and entering God's house, following their customs under the leadership of Aaron their father, as God of Israel had commanded him.
1 Chronicles 24:20 The other descendants of Levi included: from Amram's line, Shubael; and from Shubael's line, Jehdeiah.
1 Chronicles 24:21 About Rehabiah: Isshiah was the first of Rehabiah's sons.
1 Chronicles 24:22 From the Izharites, Shelomoth; from Shelomoth's sons, Jahath.
1 Chronicles 24:23 Hebron's sons were Jeriah first, Amariah second, Jahaziel third, and Jekameam fourth.
1 Chronicles 24:24 Uzziel's sons included Michah, and Michah's sons included Shamir.
1 Chronicles 24:25 Michah's brother was Isshiah. Isshiah's son was Zechariah.
1 Chronicles 24:26 Merari's sons were Mahli and Mushi; and Jaaziah's son was Beno.
1 Chronicles 24:27 Merari's sons were Jaaziah, Beno, Shoham, Zaccur, and Ibri.
1 Chronicles 24:28 Mahli's family included Eleazar, but he had no children.
1 Chronicles 24:29 About Kish: Kish's son was Jerahmeel.
1 Chronicles 24:30 Mushi's sons were Mahli, Eder, and Jerimoth. These were the Levites' sons, grouped by their fathers' families.
1 Chronicles 24:31 They also cast lots like their brothers, the sons of Aaron, in front of King David, Zadok, Ahimelech, and the leaders of the priests' and Levites' families, with the most important fathers facing their younger brothers.

1 Chronicles 25:1 David and the leaders assigned the sons of Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun to prophesy using harps, lyres, and cymbals. They counted how many people each job needed.
1 Chronicles 25:2 Asaph's sons were Zaccur, Joseph, Nethaniah, and Asarelah. They worked under Asaph and made prophecies following the king's instructions.
1 Chronicles 25:3 From Jeduthun: Jeduthun's sons were Gedaliah, Zeri, Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six in total. They worked under their father Jeduthun, who played the harp to thank and praise God.
1 Chronicles 25:4 Heman had these sons: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth.
1 Chronicles 25:5 All these were Heman's sons; he was the king's prophet and spoke God's messages. God gave Heman fourteen sons and three daughters.
1 Chronicles 25:6 All these were guided by their father to make music in God's house, using cymbals, stringed instruments, and harps, to serve in God's house following the king's command to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.
1 Chronicles 25:7 The total number of musicians skilled in God's songs, including their relatives, was 288.
1 Chronicles 25:8 They drew lots to take turns, from the least to the greatest, from the teacher to the student.
1 Chronicles 25:9 The first turn came for Asaph's group, led by Joseph. The second went to Gedaliah and his group, which included his brothers and sons, making twelve in total.
1 Chronicles 25:10 The third group was Zaccur's, he, his sons, and his brothers, totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:11 The fourth one was Izri; he, his sons, and his brothers totaled twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:12 The fifth group was Nethaniah, his sons and his brothers, totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:13 Bukkiah was the sixth, with his sons and brothers totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:14 The seventh was Jesharelah; he and his sons and brothers totaled twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:15 The eighth group was led by Jeshaiah, including him, his sons, and his brothers, totaling twelve people.
1 Chronicles 25:16 The ninth group was for Mattaniah, along with his sons and brothers, totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:17 The tenth group was for Shimei, his sons, and brothers—there were twelve of them.
1 Chronicles 25:18 Azareel was the eleventh, with his sons and brothers adding up to twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:19 Hashabiah was the twelfth, along with his sons and brothers, making twelve in all.
1 Chronicles 25:20 The thirteenth lot fell to Shubael, and together with his sons and brothers, they numbered twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:21 Mattithiah's group, with his sons and brothers, numbered twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:22 The fifteenth lot fell to Jeremoth, along with his sons and brothers, totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:23 The sixteenth group was Hananiah, his sons, and his brothers, totaling twelve people.
1 Chronicles 25:24 Joshbekashah's group, including himself, his sons, and his brothers, was twelve people.
1 Chronicles 25:25 Hanani's group, which included himself, his sons, and his brothers, had twelve members.
1 Chronicles 25:26 Mallothi's group, including himself, his sons, and his brothers, was twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:27 Eliathah's group, including himself, his sons, and his brothers, was twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:28 The twenty-first was to Hothir, he and his sons and brothers totaled twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:29 Giddalti, along with his sons and brothers, totaled twelve for the twenty-second group.
1 Chronicles 25:30 The twenty-third group was Mahazioth, he, his sons, and his brothers, totaling twelve.
1 Chronicles 25:31 The twenty-fourth group was Romamti-ezer, along with his sons and brothers, totaling twelve.

1 Chronicles 26:1 About the groups of gatekeepers: Meshelemiah, son of Kore and descendant of Asaph, was from the Korahites.
1 Chronicles 26:2 Meshelemiah had sons: Zechariah the oldest, Jediael the second, Zebadiah the third, Jathniel the fourth,
1 Chronicles 26:3 Elam was number five, Jehohanan number six, Elioenai number seven.
1 Chronicles 26:4 Obededom's sons were Shemaiah the oldest, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth.
1 Chronicles 26:5 Ammiel was number six, Issachar number seven, Peulthai number eight, because God blessed him.
1 Chronicles 26:6 Shemaiah's son had sons who led over their father's household because they were brave and strong.
1 Chronicles 26:7 Shemaiah's sons were Othni, Rephael, Obed, and Elzabad. Their strong brothers were Elihu and Semachiah.
1 Chronicles 26:8 All these were sons of Obededom, along with their sons and brothers, strong and able for the work. There were sixty-two of Obededom's family.
1 Chronicles 26:9 Meshelemiah had sons and brothers, strong men, totaling eighteen.
1 Chronicles 26:10 Hosah, from Merari's descendants, had sons; Simri was the leader, because even if he wasn't the firstborn, his father made him the leader.
1 Chronicles 26:11 Hilkiah was number two, Tebaliah number three, Zechariah number four: Hosah had thirteen sons and brothers in total.
1 Chronicles 26:12 These groups were the gatekeepers, among the leaders, taking turns to serve in God's house.
1 Chronicles 26:13 They drew lots, both young and old, by their families, for each gate.
1 Chronicles 26:14 The land to the east was given to Shelemiah. For his son Zechariah, who was a wise advisor, they drew lots; Zechariah's land was to the north.
1 Chronicles 26:15 To Obededom in the south; and to his sons the gatehouse.
1 Chronicles 26:16 Shuppim and Hosah were chosen by lot for the west side, near Shallecheth Gate by the ascending road, each group opposite the other.
1 Chronicles 26:17 To the east there were six Levites, to the north four each day, to the south four each day, and at Asuppim two by two.
1 Chronicles 26:18 In the west at Parbar, there are four guards at the road and two at Parbar.
1 Chronicles 26:19 These are the groups of gatekeepers from the descendants of Kore and the descendants of Merari.
1 Chronicles 26:20 Ahijah the Levite was in charge of the treasures of God's house and the treasures given to God.
1 Chronicles 26:21 The descendants of Laadan, who were part of the Gershon family of Levites, included the family leaders, and Jehieli was their chief.
1 Chronicles 26:22 Jehieli's sons were Zetham and his brother Joel, who were in charge of God's house treasures.
1 Chronicles 26:23 From the families of Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel:
1 Chronicles 26:24 Shebuel, Gershom's son and Moses's grandson, was in charge of the treasures.
1 Chronicles 26:25 His brothers through Eliezer were: Rehabiah his son, Jeshaiah his son, Joram his son, Zichri his son, and Shelomith his son.
1 Chronicles 26:26 Shelomith and his brothers took care of all the special treasure gifts that King David, the family leaders, the commanders of thousands and hundreds, and the army leaders had given to God.
1 Chronicles 26:27 From the goods taken in wars, they set apart some to support the house of God.
1 Chronicles 26:28 Everything that Samuel the prophet, Saul son of Kish, Abner son of Ner, and Joab son of Zeruiah had dedicated, along with anything else dedicated by anyone, was under the care of Shelomith and his brothers.
1 Chronicles 26:29 Chenaniah and his sons from the Izharites were in charge of Israel's external affairs, serving as officers and judges.
1 Chronicles 26:30 From the Hebron people, Hashabiah and his brothers, brave men totaling 1,700, were leaders in Israel on the west side of the Jordan River, handling all of God's work and the king's service.
1 Chronicles 26:31 Jerijah was the leader of the Hebronites, tracing back through his ancestors. In King David's fortieth year as king, they looked for these people and found brave warriors in Jazer of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 26:32 His brothers, brave men, numbered 2,700 leaders, whom King David appointed to oversee the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, for all matters related to God and the king's business.

1 Chronicles 27:1 The Israelite people were organized by their families, with leaders and commanders for groups of one thousand and one hundred, and officials who worked for the king on different tasks. These groups took turns each month over the year, with each group having twenty-four thousand members.
1 Chronicles 27:2 For the first division in the first month, Jashobeam son of Zabdiel was in charge, and his division had 24,000 men.
1 Chronicles 27:3 A leader of the army for the first month came from Perez's descendants.
1 Chronicles 27:4 In the second month, Dodai the Ahohite was in charge, with Mikloth as the leader, and they had 24,000 men in their group.
1 Chronicles 27:5 The third army leader for the third month was Benaiah, Jehoiada's son, a head priest, and he had 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:6 This is Benaiah, who was a strong warrior among the thirty leaders and ranked above them. His son Ammizabad was in his division.
1 Chronicles 27:7 The fourth leader for the fourth month was Asahel, Joab's brother, with his son Zebadiah following him. He commanded 24,000 men.
1 Chronicles 27:8 The leader for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite; he had 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:9 The sixth leader for the sixth month was Ira, Ikkesh's son from Tekoa, with 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:10 The leader for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite from the tribe of Ephraim, with 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:11 The eighth leader for the eighth month was Sibbecai the Hushathite, from the Zarhites, and he commanded 24,000 soldiers.
1 Chronicles 27:12 The ninth leader for the ninth month was Abiezer from Anetoth, a Benjaminite, and he had 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:13 The leader for the tenth month was Maharai from Netophah, of the Zarhites, and he had 24,000 men in his group.
1 Chronicles 27:14 The leader for the eleventh month was Benaiah from Pirathon, who was from the tribe of Ephraim, and he was in charge of 24,000 men.
1 Chronicles 27:15 The twelfth leader for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, from Othniel's family, and his group had twenty-four thousand men.
1 Chronicles 27:16 In charge of the tribes of Israel: the leader of the Reubenites was Eliezer, Zichri's son, and for the Simeonites, Shephatiah, Maachah's son.
1 Chronicles 27:17 From the Levites, Hashabiah son of Kemuel; from the descendants of Aaron, Zadok.
1 Chronicles 27:18 From Judah, Elihu, one of David's brothers; from Issachar, Omri, Michael's son.
1 Chronicles 27:19 From Zebulun, Ishmaiah son of Obadiah; from Naphtali, Jerimoth son of Azriel.
1 Chronicles 27:20 Ephraim's descendant was Hoshea, Azaziah's son. From Manasseh's half tribe, Joel was Pedaiah's son.
1 Chronicles 27:21 From the half-tribe of Manasseh in Gilead, Iddo son of Zechariah; from Benjamin, Jaasiel son of Abner.
1 Chronicles 27:22 From the tribe of Dan, Azareel son of Jeroham was the leader. These men were the chiefs of Israel's tribes.
1 Chronicles 27:23 David did not count the people under twenty years old, because God had promised to make Israel as numerous as the stars in the sky.
1 Chronicles 27:24 Joab, Zeruiah's son, started counting, but did not finish because God's anger fell on Israel for it; the count was not included in King David's records.
1 Chronicles 27:25 Azmaveth, son of Adiel, was in charge of the king's treasures, and Jehonathan, son of Uzziah, was responsible for the storehouses in the fields, cities, villages, and fortresses.
1 Chronicles 27:26 Ezri, Chelub's son, oversaw the workers who tilled the soil.
1 Chronicles 27:27 Shimei from Ramah took care of the vineyards. Zabdi from Shiphmi managed the grapes for the wine storage.
1 Chronicles 27:28 Baalhanan from Geder took care of the olive and sycamore trees in the lowlands, and Joash took care of the oil storerooms.
1 Chronicles 27:29 Shitrai from Sharon took care of the herds in Sharon, and Shaphat, Adlai's son, took care of the herds in the valleys.
1 Chronicles 27:30 Obil the Ishmaelite was in charge of the camels, and Jehdeiah the Meronothite was in charge of the donkeys.
1 Chronicles 27:31 Jaziz the Hagerite was in charge of the flocks. All these men were leaders of King David's property.
1 Chronicles 27:32 Jonathan, David's uncle, was an advisor, a wise man, and a writer; and Jehiel, Hachmoni's son, stayed with the king's sons.
1 Chronicles 27:33 Ahithophel was the king's advisor, and Hushai the Archite was the king's friend.
1 Chronicles 27:34 After Ahithophel came Jehoiada, son of Benaiah, and Abiathar. Joab was the commander of the king’s army.

1 Chronicles 28:1 David gathered all the leaders of Israel, the tribal leaders, the group leaders who served the king in shifts, the leaders in charge of a thousand men, the leaders of a hundred men, the managers of the king's property and belongings, his sons, the officials, the strong warriors, and all the brave men in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 28:2 King David stood up and said, "Listen to me, my brothers and my people. I wanted to build a resting place for the ark of God's covenant and a place for our God's feet, and I prepared for the construction."
1 Chronicles 28:3 God told me, "You must not build a house for my name, because you are a warrior and have spilled blood."
1 Chronicles 28:4 However, God chose me from all my father's family to be king over Israel forever. God picked Judah to lead; from Judah's family, my father's household; and from my father's sons, he preferred me to be king over all Israel.
1 Chronicles 28:5 Out of all my sons, because God has given me many, he has chosen my son Solomon to rule as king over Israel.
1 Chronicles 28:6 He told me, "Your son Solomon will build my house and courts: I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father."
1 Chronicles 28:7 I will make his kingdom last forever if he faithfully follows my commands and decisions, just like today.
1 Chronicles 28:8 So now, in front of all Israel, God's people, and while our God listens, follow and search for all of God's commands. Then you will own this good land and pass it down to your children forever.
1 Chronicles 28:9 And you, Solomon my son, understand your father's God, and serve him with a true heart and an eager mind: for God knows every heart and understands every thought's plan: if you look for him, you will find him; but if you leave him, he will reject you forever.
1 Chronicles 28:10 Be careful now; God has chosen you to build a house for the holy place: be strong, and get it done.
1 Chronicles 28:11 David gave Solomon the designs for the entrance, the buildings, the storerooms, the upper rooms, the inner rooms, and the spot for the mercy seat.
1 Chronicles 28:12 He had a design, inspired by God, for the temple courts, the surrounding rooms, the storerooms of God's house, and the storerooms for the holy items.
1 Chronicles 28:13 Also for the duties of the priests and the Levites, for all the work in God's house, and for all the items used in God's house.
1 Chronicles 28:14 He provided gold, measured by weight, for all the gold items, for every type of service tool; he also gave silver, weighed out, for all the silver tools, for every kind of service.
1 Chronicles 28:15 Even the amount of gold needed for the candlesticks and their gold lamps was measured for each candlestick and its lamps. And the silver candlesticks were weighed, each candlestick and its lamps, according to how each one was to be used.
1 Chronicles 28:16 He gave gold by weight for each table of showbread, and the same with silver for the silver tables.
1 Chronicles 28:17 Also, pure gold for the meat hooks, bowls, and cups; and for the gold basins, he gave gold measured by weight for each basin; and the same with silver for each silver basin.
1 Chronicles 28:18 For the incense altar, pure gold measured by weight; and gold for the model of the cherubim's chariot, which stretched out their wings and covered God's covenant ark.
1 Chronicles 28:19 David said, "God made me understand everything about this design through his guidance, including all the details of the work."
1 Chronicles 28:20 David told Solomon his son, "Be strong and brave, and do the work. Don't be afraid or worried, because God, my God, is with you. He won't let you down or leave you until you finish all the work for God's house."
1 Chronicles 28:21 Look, the groups of priests and Levites will be with you for all of God's house service. Every skilled man who is willing will be with you for any kind of work. The leaders and everyone else will fully follow your orders.

1 Chronicles 29:1 King David told everyone, "My son Solomon, who God chose alone, is still young and unexperienced, and the task is huge. This palace is not for a human, but for God."
1 Chronicles 29:2 I have made ready with all my strength for God's house: gold for the gold items, silver for the silver, bronze for the bronze, iron for the iron, and wood for the wooden items. Also onyx, setting stones, sparkling stones, stones of many colors, all kinds of precious stones, and plenty of marble.
1 Chronicles 29:3 I love my God's house so much that I have given my own gold and silver to it, more than everything else I've provided for the sacred place.
1 Chronicles 29:4 Even three thousand units of gold from Ophir and seven thousand units of pure silver to cover the house walls.
1 Chronicles 29:5 Gold for gold items, silver for silver items, and for all kinds of work done by skilled workers. And who is ready to dedicate their service today to God?
1 Chronicles 29:6 The leaders of the families, the heads of the Israelite tribes, and the commanders of thousands and of hundreds, along with the supervisors of the king's projects, gave freely.
1 Chronicles 29:7 God gave to serve God's house: 5,000 talents of gold, 10,000 drams, 10,000 talents of silver, 18,000 talents of brass, and 100,000 talents of iron.
1 Chronicles 29:8 People who had precious stones brought them to God's house treasury, through Jehiel the Gershonite.
1 Chronicles 29:9 The people were happy because they gave freely and with true hearts to God, and King David was also very happy.
1 Chronicles 29:10 David praised God in front of everyone and said, "Praise to you, God of Israel, our father, forever and ever."
1 Chronicles 29:11 Yours, O God, is the greatness, the power, the glory, the victory, and the majesty: for everything in heaven and on earth is yours; yours is the kingdom, O God, and you are honored as the leader above all.
1 Chronicles 29:12 Wealth and honor come from you, God; you rule over everything. Power and strength are in your hand; you have the ability to make anyone great and strong.
1 Chronicles 29:13 So now, our God, we thank you and honor your wonderful name.
1 Chronicles 29:14 Who am I and who are my people that we can freely give like this? Everything comes from you, and we have given you only what comes from you.
1 Chronicles 29:15 We are outsiders before you, and travelers, just like our ancestors: our time on earth is like a shadow, with no one staying forever.
1 Chronicles 29:16 God, all these things we've gathered to build a house for your holy name come from your hand, and they are all yours.
1 Chronicles 29:17 I also know, my God, that you test the heart and you like honesty. I have gladly given all this with an honest heart. And now I see with joy your people here giving to you willingly.
1 Chronicles 29:18 O God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, our ancestors, always keep this in the hearts and minds of your people, and make their hearts loyal to you.
1 Chronicles 29:19 Give my son Solomon a pure heart to follow your commands, your guidance, and your laws, to do everything, and to build the temple for which I have provided.
1 Chronicles 29:20 David told everyone, "Now praise God your God." Everyone praised the God of their ancestors, bowed their heads, and worshiped God and the king.
1 Chronicles 29:21 They offered sacrifices and burnt offerings to God the day after, including a thousand bulls, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, along with their drink offerings, and many more sacrifices for all the people of Israel.
1 Chronicles 29:22 They ate and drank with great joy before God that day. They made Solomon, David's son, king again, anointed him to serve God as the supreme leader, and appointed Zadok as the priest.
1 Chronicles 29:23 Then Solomon sat on God's throne as king in place of his father David, succeeded, and all Israel followed him.
1 Chronicles 29:24 All the leaders, strong men, and King David's sons too, accepted Solomon as king.
1 Chronicles 29:25 God made Solomon very great in the eyes of all Israel, and gave him a kind of royal splendor no other king in Israel had ever had.
1 Chronicles 29:26 David, Jesse's son, ruled over all Israel.
1 Chronicles 29:27 He ruled over Israel for forty years; seven years in Hebron and thirty-three years in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 29:28 He died at a ripe old age, with a long life, wealth, and respect, and his son Solomon became king after him.
1 Chronicles 29:29 The things King David did, from beginning to end, are recorded in Samuel the seer's book, in Nathan the prophet's book, and in Gad the seer's book.
1 Chronicles 29:30 Throughout his rule and power, and the events that happened to him, to Israel, and to all the kingdoms of the lands.

2 Chronicles 1:1 Solomon, David's son, became strong as a king, and God was with him and made him very great.
2 Chronicles 1:2 Then Solomon spoke to all Israel, including the leaders of thousands and hundreds, the judges, every ruler, and all the family heads.
2 Chronicles 1:3 Solomon and all the people with him went to the high place in Gibeon because that's where God's meeting tent, which Moses, God's servant, had made in the desert, was located.
2 Chronicles 1:4 David had moved the ark of God from Kirjathjearim to the spot he had set up for it; he had made a tent for it in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:5 The bronze altar made by Bezaleel, Uri's son, Hur's grandson, was placed in front of God's Tabernacle. Solomon and the people went to pray there.
2 Chronicles 1:6 Solomon went to the bronze altar in front of God, which was at the meeting tent, and gave a thousand burnt offerings on it.
2 Chronicles 1:7 That night, God appeared to Solomon and said to him, "Ask what you want me to give you."
2 Chronicles 1:8 Solomon said to God, "You have shown great kindness to my father David and have made me king in his place."
2 Chronicles 1:9 Now, God, let your promise to my father David be true, for you have made me king over a people as numerous as the dust of the earth.
2 Chronicles 1:10 Please give me wisdom and knowledge so I can lead your people. Who else can judge such a great group?
2 Chronicles 1:11 God told Solomon, "Since you wanted this and did not ask for money, wealth, honor, or the death of your enemies, and you did not even ask for a long life, but you asked for wisdom and knowledge to make good decisions for my people I have put you in charge of as their king:"
2 Chronicles 1:12 God has given you wisdom and knowledge; and you will receive riches, wealth, and honor more than any kings before you, and no future king will match what you have.
2 Chronicles 1:13 Solomon returned from his trip to the sacred site at Gibeon to Jerusalem, leaving the meeting tent, and ruled over Israel.
2 Chronicles 1:14 Solomon collected chariots and soldiers on horses. He had 1,400 chariots and 12,000 soldiers on horses. He put them in the chariot cities and near the king in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:15 The king made silver and gold as common in Jerusalem as stones, and he made cedar trees as plentiful as the sycamore trees in the lowlands.
2 Chronicles 1:16 Solomon got horses from Egypt and also linen yarn. The king's traders bought the yarn for a certain amount of money.
2 Chronicles 1:17 They brought a chariot from Egypt for six hundred silver coins, and a horse for one hundred and fifty coins: and in this way, they provided horses for all the Hittite and Syrian kings through their connections.

2 Chronicles 2:1 Solomon decided to build a temple for God and a palace for his reign.
2 Chronicles 2:2 Solomon assigned seventy thousand men to carry loads, eighty thousand to cut stone in the mountains, and three thousand six hundred to supervise them.
2 Chronicles 2:3 Solomon sent a message to Huram, the king of Tyre, saying, "Just as you helped my father David by sending him cedar wood to build a house to live in, please do the same for me."
2 Chronicles 2:4 Look, I am building a house for the name of God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn sweet incense before him, and for the regular bread offering, and for the burnt offerings every morning and evening, on the Sabbaths, new moons, and holy festivals of God. This is a lasting rule for Israel.
2 Chronicles 2:5 The house I am building is big because our God is greater than all other gods.
2 Chronicles 2:6 But who can build a house for God, when even the highest heavens cannot hold Him? So who am I to build a house for Him, except as a place to offer sacrifices to Him?
2 Chronicles 2:7 Send me a skilled man now who can work with gold, silver, bronze, iron, purple, crimson, and blue materials, and who knows how to engrave like the skilled men I have in Judah and Jerusalem, whom my father David arranged for.
2 Chronicles 2:8 Send me cedar, fir, and algum trees from Lebanon, because I know your workers can cut wood there; and look, my workers will work with your workers.
2 Chronicles 2:9 To provide me with plenty of wood, because the house I will build is going to be very great.
2 Chronicles 2:10 Look, I will give your workers, the woodcutters, twenty thousand bushels of ground wheat, twenty thousand bushels of barley, twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.
2 Chronicles 2:11 Huram, the king of Tyre, replied in writing and sent it to Solomon: Because God loves His people, He has made you their king.
2 Chronicles 2:12 Huram also said, "Praise God of Israel, who created heaven and earth, and gave King David a wise son with good judgement and understanding to build a temple for God, and a palace for his kingdom."
2 Chronicles 2:13 I have sent a skilled man with knowledge, from Huram my father.
2 Chronicles 2:14 The son's mother was from the tribe of Dan, and his father was from Tyre, skilled in working with gold, silver, bronze, iron, stone, and wood, as well as in purple, blue, and fine linen, and red fabrics. He could carve any design and come up with any idea, working with your skilled workers and those of your father David.
2 Chronicles 2:15 Now then, please send the wheat, barley, oil, and wine you mentioned to your servants.
2 Chronicles 2:16 We will chop wood in Lebanon as much as you need and float it by sea to Joppa for you to take to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 2:17 Solomon counted all the foreigners in Israel, using the same method his father David had used; there were 153,600 in total.
2 Chronicles 2:18 He assigned seventy thousand workers to carry loads, eighty thousand to cut stone in the mountains, and three thousand six hundred supervisors to make sure the people worked.

2 Chronicles 3:1 Solomon started building God's house in Jerusalem on Mount Moriah, where God had shown himself to David, his father, at the spot David had set up on Ornan the Jebusite's threshing floor.
2 Chronicles 3:2 He started to build on the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of his rule.
2 Chronicles 3:3 These are the details Solomon followed to build God's house: it was 60 cubits long following the original unit, and 20 cubits wide.
2 Chronicles 3:4 The porch in front of the house was as wide as the house, twenty units long, and one hundred twenty units high. He covered the inside with pure gold.
2 Chronicles 3:5 He covered the bigger room with fir wood and coated it with pure gold, then he put palm trees and chains on it.
2 Chronicles 3:6 He decorated the house with beautiful precious stones, and the gold used was from Parvaim.
2 Chronicles 3:7 He also covered the house, its beams, pillars, walls, and doors with gold, and carved cherubs on the walls.
2 Chronicles 3:8 He built the most sacred room, as long as the house was wide, twenty cubits, both in length and width. He covered it with pure gold, weighing six hundred talents.
2 Chronicles 3:9 The nails weighed fifty shekels of gold, and the upper rooms were covered with gold.
2 Chronicles 3:10 In the holiest place, he made two angels of carved images and covered them with gold.
2 Chronicles 3:11 The cherubim had wings that were twenty cubits long. One wing of the first cherub was five cubits long and touched the wall of the house. The other wing, also five cubits long, touched the wing of the second cherub.
2 Chronicles 3:12 One wing of the second angel was five units long, touching the house wall; and its other wing, also five units long, touched the wing of the first angel.
2 Chronicles 3:13 The cherubim's wings stretched out twenty units long. They stood on their feet with their faces turned inward.
2 Chronicles 3:14 He made a curtain of blue, purple, and red, and fine linen, with angels woven into it.
2 Chronicles 3:15 He also made two pillars in front of the temple, each 35 cubits tall, with a capital on top that was 5 cubits high.
2 Chronicles 3:16 He made chains like those in the holy place and put them on top of the pillars; he also made a hundred pomegranates and attached them to the chains.
2 Chronicles 3:17 He set up the pillars in front of the temple, one on the right side, and the other on the left side; he named the right pillar Jachin and the left pillar Boaz.

2 Chronicles 4:1 He also made a brass altar, 20 cubits long, 20 cubits wide, and 10 cubits high.
2 Chronicles 4:2 He also made a large, round basin ten cubits wide from edge to edge and five cubits tall. A cord thirty cubits long could wrap around it.
2 Chronicles 4:3 Beneath it there were figures of bulls surrounding it all around: ten per cubit, encircling the basin all around. Two rows of bulls were molded into it when it was made.
2 Chronicles 4:4 It rested on twelve oxen, three faced north, three faced west, three faced south, and three faced east; the sea was placed on top of them, and all their back parts faced inward.
2 Chronicles 4:5 Its thickness was as wide as a hand, and its edge was like the edge of a cup decorated with lily flowers; it could contain three thousand baths.
2 Chronicles 4:6 He also made ten basins and put five on the right side and five on the left for washing: whatever they needed for the burnt offerings, they washed in the basins; however, the large basin was for the priests to wash in.
2 Chronicles 4:7 He made ten gold candlesticks in their shape and placed them in the temple, five on the right side and five on the left.
2 Chronicles 4:8 He also made ten tables and put them in the temple, five on the right side and five on the left. He made a hundred gold bowls.
2 Chronicles 4:9 He also made the courtyard for the priests, a large courtyard, and gates for the courtyard, and he covered the gates with bronze.
2 Chronicles 4:10 He placed the sea at the southeast corner.
2 Chronicles 4:11 Huram made the pots, shovels, and bowls. Huram completed the work he had to do for King Solomon for God's house.
2 Chronicles 4:12 That is, the two pillars, the tops, and the caps on the pillars' tops, and the two networks to cover the two tops of the caps on the pillars.
2 Chronicles 4:13 There were 400 pomegranates on the two garlands, with two rows of pomegranates on each garland to cover the two tops of the capitals on the pillars.
2 Chronicles 4:14 He also made stands and placed washbasins on the stands.
2 Chronicles 4:15 One sea and twelve oxen under it.
2 Chronicles 4:16 Huram, his father, made pots, shovels, meat hooks, and all their tools of polished brass for King Solomon for God’s house.
2 Chronicles 4:17 In the Jordan Valley, the king made them, in the clay soil between Succoth and Zeredathah.
2 Chronicles 4:18 Solomon made many of these items, and the brass was so heavy its weight could not be determined.
2 Chronicles 4:19 Solomon made all the items for God's house, the gold altar, and the tables for the bread on display.
2 Chronicles 4:20 Also, the lampstands with their lamps, to burn as required in front of the inner sanctuary, made of pure gold.
2 Chronicles 4:21 He made the flowers, lamps, and tongs out of gold, and it was pure gold.
2 Chronicles 4:22 The trimmers, bowls, spoons, and incense burners were all made of pure gold. The entrance to the temple, the inside doors to the most sacred place, and the doors of the main temple were gold.

2 Chronicles 5:1 So Solomon finished all the work for God's house. He brought in all the special things his father David had given, including the silver, gold, and tools, and placed them in the storerooms of God's house.
2 Chronicles 5:2 Solomon gathered the senior leaders of Israel, the top officials of the tribes, and the heads of the families of Israel's children in Jerusalem. They came to move God's covenant chest from David’s city, which is Zion.
2 Chronicles 5:3 So all the men of Israel gathered around the king during the festival in the seventh month.
2 Chronicles 5:4 All the leaders of Israel came, and the Levites carried the ark.
2 Chronicles 5:5 They carried the chest and the meeting tent, along with all the sacred objects that were in the tent. The priests and Levites did this.
2 Chronicles 5:6 King Solomon and all of Israel's people gathered around the ark gave so many sheep and oxen as sacrifices that they couldn't be counted.
2 Chronicles 5:7 The priests put the Covenant Box of God in its place, inside the inner sanctuary of the temple, under the wings of the cherubim.
2 Chronicles 5:8 The cherubim spread their wings over the ark's spot, covering the ark and its poles from above.
2 Chronicles 5:9 They pulled the poles of the ark out so that their ends could be seen from the ark in front of the most holy place, but they were not seen from outside. And they are still there today.
2 Chronicles 5:10 In the ark there was only the two stone tablets that Moses placed inside at Horeb, where God made an agreement with the Israelites after they left Egypt.
2 Chronicles 5:11 When the priests left the holy place (all the priests there were made holy and didn't follow their usual order):
2 Chronicles 5:12 The Levite singers, from Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun, along with their sons and relatives, dressed in white linen and playing cymbals, stringed instruments, and harps, stood at the east side of the altar, accompanied by 120 priests blowing trumpets.
2 Chronicles 5:13 As the musicians and singers unified to praise and thank God, and when they raised their voices with trumpets, cymbals, and musical instruments, saying, "God is good; his love lasts forever," the temple filled with a cloud, the God's temple.
2 Chronicles 5:14 The priests could not stay and serve because of the cloud, for God's glory filled God's house.

2 Chronicles 6:1 Then Solomon said, "God has stated that he would live in deep darkness."
2 Chronicles 6:2 I have built a house for you to live in, and a place where you can stay forever.
2 Chronicles 6:3 The king turned to the people, blessed everyone in Israel, and they all stood up.
2 Chronicles 6:4 He said, "Praise be to God of Israel, who has with His hands completed what He promised my father David with His words, saying,"
2 Chronicles 6:5 Since the day I led my people out of Egypt, I did not pick any city from all the tribes of Israel to build a house for my name, nor did I choose anyone to be the leader over my people Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:6 I have picked Jerusalem for my name to be there and chosen David to rule my people Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:7 David my father wanted to build a house for the name of God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:8 But God told David my father, "Because you wanted to build a house for my name, you did well to have this desire."
2 Chronicles 6:9 Even though you won't build the temple, your son that will be born to you, he will build the temple for my honor.
2 Chronicles 6:10 God has done what he said: for I took my father David's place and became king of Israel, just as God promised, and I built a temple for God's name.
2 Chronicles 6:11 I have placed the chest in it, which contains the agreement God made with the people of Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:12 He stood in front of God's altar with all of Israel's people watching and spread out his hands.
2 Chronicles 6:13 Solomon built a brass platform five cubits long, five cubits wide, and three cubits tall, and placed it in the center of the courtyard. He stood on it, knelt down on his knees before all of Israel's people, and raised his hands to the sky.
2 Chronicles 6:14 And said, O God of Israel, there is no God like you in heaven or on earth; you keep your promise and show kindness to your servants who follow you with all their hearts.
2 Chronicles 6:15 You have kept your promise to my father David, what you told him you did by your power, just as it is today.
2 Chronicles 6:16 So now, God of Israel, keep the promise you gave to my father David, telling him, "You will always have a descendant to rule over Israel, if your sons are careful to live by my teachings as you have."
2 Chronicles 6:17 Now then, O God of Israel, let your word come true, which you have spoken to your servant David.
2 Chronicles 6:18 Can God really live with people on Earth? Even the highest heavens cannot hold you, so how can this temple I built be enough?
2 Chronicles 6:19 Please listen to your servant's prayer and his plea for help, my God, and hear the cry and the prayer that your servant is making before you.
2 Chronicles 6:20 Let your eyes always be open and watch this house day and night, where you said you would be honored; listen to the prayers your servant offers toward this place.
2 Chronicles 6:21 Listen to the prayers of your servant and your people Israel when they pray toward this place. Hear from your home in heaven, and when you hear, forgive.
2 Chronicles 6:22 If someone does wrong to another person and has to take an oath, and they take that oath at your altar in this temple;
2 Chronicles 6:23 Listen from heaven, act and judge your servants. Punish the wicked by making them face their own actions and declare the good people right by rewarding them for their goodness.
2 Chronicles 6:24 If the people of Israel are defeated by their enemies because they have sinned against you, and if they turn back, admit your name, pray, and ask for mercy in this temple;
2 Chronicles 6:25 Listen from heaven, forgive Israel's sin, and let them return to the land you gave them and their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 6:26 When the sky closes and there is no rain because they have sinned against you; if they pray towards this place, admit your name, and stop sinning when you make them suffer;
2 Chronicles 6:27 Listen from heaven and forgive the sins of your servants and your people Israel when you have shown them the right path to follow; and give rain to the land you have given to your people as their inheritance.
2 Chronicles 6:28 If there is famine in the land, if there is disease, if there is crop damage, or rot, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies surround them in their land's cities; whatever pain or whatever illness there is:
2 Chronicles 6:29 Whenever someone or any of your people Israel knows their own pain and sadness, and they reach out their hands in this place, listen to their prayer and plea.
2 Chronicles 6:30 Listen from heaven, your home, forgive, and treat everyone based on their actions because you know their hearts; only you understand people's hearts.
2 Chronicles 6:31 Let them respect you and follow your paths all their days living in the land you gave our ancestors.
2 Chronicles 6:32 About the foreigner, not from your people Israel, who comes from a distant land because of your great name, powerful hand, and extended arm; if they come and pray in this temple;
2 Chronicles 6:33 Listen from heaven, your home, and do what the foreigner asks of you, so that everyone on earth may know your name and respect you, just like your people Israel, and know that this house I have built is named after you.
2 Chronicles 6:34 If your people go to war against their enemies on the path you send them, and they pray to you facing the city you have chosen and the temple I have built for your name;
2 Chronicles 6:35 Listen to their prayer and plea from heaven, and uphold their cause.
2 Chronicles 6:36 If they sin against you, (since no one is without sin,) and you become angry with them, and let their enemies defeat them, and their enemies take them as prisoners to a land far away or close by;
2 Chronicles 6:37 But if they realize their wrongs in the country where they are prisoners, and turn back and pray to you in that land, saying, "We have sinned, we have done wrong, and we have acted badly";
2 Chronicles 6:38 If they come back to you with all their heart and soul in the land where they are captives, and pray facing their land that you gave to their ancestors, the city you chose, and the temple I built for your name:
2 Chronicles 6:39 Then listen from heaven, your home, to their prayers and pleas, help them, and forgive your people who have sinned against you.
2 Chronicles 6:40 Now, my God, please let your eyes be open and your ears listen to the prayer made here.
2 Chronicles 6:41 Now get up, God, to your resting place, you and the ark of your power. May your priests, God, be dressed in salvation, and let your holy people be happy with goodness.
2 Chronicles 6:42 God, do not turn away from your chosen one; remember the kindness you showed to your servant David.

2 Chronicles 7:1 After Solomon finished praying, fire fell from the sky and burned up the offering and sacrifices; and God's glory filled the temple.
2 Chronicles 7:2 The priests could not go into God's house because God's glory filled it.
2 Chronicles 7:3 When all the Israelites saw the fire come down and God's glory on the temple, they knelt on the ground with their faces down, worshiped, and praised God, saying, "He is good; his love lasts forever."
2 Chronicles 7:4 Then the king and all the people gave sacrifices to God.
2 Chronicles 7:5 King Solomon gave a sacrifice of 22,000 oxen and 120,000 sheep; so he and everyone dedicated God's house.
2 Chronicles 7:6 The priests performed their duties: the Levites played musical instruments made by King David to praise God, for His kindness lasts forever. This happened as David gave praise with their help; the priests blew trumpets in front of them, and all Israel stood up.
2 Chronicles 7:7 Solomon made the center of the courtyard in front of the house of God holy because that is where he made burned offerings and the fat from the offerings for friendship. This was because the bronze altar that Solomon built could not hold all the burned offerings, the grain offerings, and the fat.
2 Chronicles 7:8 Solomon and all Israel celebrated the feast for seven days with a very large crowd, from Hamath to the river of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 7:9 On the eighth day, they held a special meeting because they had celebrated the altar dedication for seven days and the feast for seven days.
2 Chronicles 7:10 On the twenty-third day of the seventh month, he let the people go to their tents, happy and cheerful because of the kindness that God had shown to David, Solomon, and to the people of Israel.
2 Chronicles 7:11 Solomon completed God's house and the royal palace. Everything Solomon planned to do in God's house and his own, he successfully did.
2 Chronicles 7:12 God came to Solomon in the night and said, "I have heard your prayer and picked this place for myself as a house of sacrifice."
2 Chronicles 7:13 If I close the sky so no rain falls, or if I order the locusts to eat up the crops, or if I send disease among my people;
2 Chronicles 7:14 If my people, who are known by my name, humble themselves, pray, seek me, and turn from their bad ways, then I will listen from heaven, forgive their sin, and heal their land.
2 Chronicles 7:15 Now my eyes will be open, and my ears will listen to the prayers made in this place.
2 Chronicles 7:16 I have now chosen and made this house holy, so that my name will always be there; and I will always watch over and care for it deeply.
2 Chronicles 7:17 If you follow me as your father David did, and do everything I have told you, and keep my laws and decisions;
2 Chronicles 7:18 I will secure your kingdom's throne, just as I promised David your father, saying, "You will always have a man to rule over Israel."
2 Chronicles 7:19 But if you turn away and ignore my laws and commands that I have given you, and if you go and serve other gods and worship them;
2 Chronicles 7:20 Then I will pull them out of the land I have given them, and this house I have made holy for my name, I will throw away, and it will become a common saying and a joke among all peoples.
2 Chronicles 7:21 This tall house will amaze everyone who sees it. They will ask, "Why did God do this to the land and to this house?"
2 Chronicles 7:22 The answer will be, "Because they abandoned the God of their ancestors, who led them out of Egypt, and they followed and worshiped other gods, and served them, that is why he has brought all this harm to them."

2 Chronicles 8:1 After twenty years, during which Solomon had built God's house and his own house,
2 Chronicles 8:2 Solomon rebuilt the cities Huram had given back to him and made the Israelites live there.
2 Chronicles 8:3 Solomon went to Hamathzobah and conquered it.
2 Chronicles 8:4 He built Tadmor in the desert and all the supply cities he built in Hamath.
2 Chronicles 8:5 He also built Upper Bethhoron and Lower Bethhoron, protected cities with walls, gates, and bars.
2 Chronicles 8:6 Baalath, and every city Solomon used to store things, and all the chariot cities, and the cities for horsemen, and everything Solomon wanted to build in Jerusalem, Lebanon, and his entire territory.
2 Chronicles 8:7 As for all the people remaining from the Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, who were not from Israel,
2 Chronicles 8:8 But Solomon made the children of those who remained in the land, whom the Israelites had not destroyed, pay tribute up to today.
2 Chronicles 8:9 Solomon did not make the Israelites work as servants; they were soldiers, leaders of his officers, and commanders of his chariots and cavalry.
2 Chronicles 8:10 These were the top leaders of King Solomon's staff, numbering two hundred and fifty, who governed the people.
2 Chronicles 8:11 Solomon moved Pharaoh's daughter from David's city to her own house he built for her; he thought, "My wife can't live in King David's house of Israel, because it's holy where God's ark has been."
2 Chronicles 8:12 Solomon gave burnt offerings to God on God's altar, which he built in front of the entrance hall.
2 Chronicles 8:13 They made offerings at a set amount each day, as Moses commanded, on sabbaths, new moons, and special festival times, three times a year - during the festival of unleavened bread, the festival of weeks, and the festival of tabernacles.
2 Chronicles 8:14 He set up, as David his father had ordered, the groups of priests for their work, the Levites for their tasks, to praise and help the priests each day as needed; the gatekeepers also in their groups at every gate, because this is what David, a man of God, had instructed.
2 Chronicles 8:15 They did not ignore the king's orders to the priests and Levites about anything, including the treasures.
2 Chronicles 8:16 All of Solomon's work was ready by the time they laid the foundation of God's house and continued until it was completed. So God's house was finished.
2 Chronicles 8:17 Solomon went to Eziongeber and Eloth by the sea in Edom.
2 Chronicles 8:18 Huram sent ships and skilled sailors through his servants to join Solomon's servants. They sailed to Ophir, got 450 talents of gold, and brought them to King Solomon.

2 Chronicles 9:1 When the queen of Sheba heard about Solomon's fame, she went to test him with difficult questions in Jerusalem. She brought a large group, camels carrying spices, lots of gold, and valuable gems. When she arrived, she talked with Solomon about everything she was thinking.
2 Chronicles 9:2 Solomon answered all her questions, and he hid nothing from her.
2 Chronicles 9:3 When the queen of Sheba saw Solomon's wisdom and the house he built,
2 Chronicles 9:4 The food on his table, the way his servants sat, how his officials served, and their clothes; also his cupbearers, and their clothes; and the steps he took to go up to God's house; all this left her breathless.
2 Chronicles 9:5 She told the king, "The stories I heard in my country about your achievements and your wisdom are true."
2 Chronicles 9:6 I didn't believe what they said until I came and saw for myself. And truly, they didn't tell me even half of how wise you are; you are even greater than what I heard.
2 Chronicles 9:7 Your men are happy, and your servants who always stand before you and listen to your wisdom are happy.
2 Chronicles 9:8 God blesses you because he was pleased to make you king on his throne, for God's sake: God loved Israel and wanted them to last forever, so he made you their king to bring them fairness and justice.
2 Chronicles 9:9 She gave the king 120 talents of gold, lots of spices, and precious stones. No one had ever given such spices as the Queen of Sheba gave to King Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:10 Huram's workers and Solomon's workers, who brought gold from Ophir, also brought algum trees and precious stones.
2 Chronicles 9:11 The king used the algum trees to make balconies for God's house and the royal palace, and he made harps and stringed instruments for musicians. No one had ever seen anything like them in Judah before.
2 Chronicles 9:12 King Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba everything she wanted, beyond what she had brought to the king. Then she went back to her land with her servants.
2 Chronicles 9:13 Every year, Solomon received 666 talents of gold.
2 Chronicles 9:14 Merchants and traders brought things. Also, Arabian kings and regional leaders brought gold and silver to Solomon.
2 Chronicles 9:15 King Solomon made two hundred large shields of hammered gold; each shield used six hundred pieces of gold.
2 Chronicles 9:16 He made three hundred shields out of hammered gold, using three hundred gold coins for each shield. The king placed them in the Lebanon Forest House.
2 Chronicles 9:17 The king made a big throne out of ivory and covered it with pure gold.
2 Chronicles 9:18 The throne had six steps and a gold footrest attached to it, with armrests on each side of the seat and two lions next to the armrests.
2 Chronicles 9:19 Twelve lions were on each side of the six steps; nothing like this was made in any other kingdom.
2 Chronicles 9:20 All of King Solomon's cups were gold, and all items from the Lebanon forest house were pure gold: none were silver, because silver was not valued in Solomon's time.
2 Chronicles 9:21 The king's ships sailed to Tarshish with Huram's servants. Every three years, the Tarshish ships returned with gold, silver, ivory, monkeys, and peacocks.
2 Chronicles 9:22 King Solomon was richer and wiser than all other kings on earth.
2 Chronicles 9:23 All the kings of the world wanted to meet Solomon to hear the wisdom that God had given him.
2 Chronicles 9:24 They each brought gifts: silver and gold items, clothes, gear, spices, horses, and mules, regularly every year.
2 Chronicles 9:25 Solomon had four thousand spaces for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand riders; he placed them in the chariot cities and with the king in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 9:26 He ruled over all the kings from the river to the land of the Philistines, and up to Egypt's border.
2 Chronicles 9:27 The king made silver as common in Jerusalem as stones, and he made cedar trees as plentiful as the sycamore trees in the low plains.
2 Chronicles 9:28 They brought horses to Solomon from Egypt and from all countries.
2 Chronicles 9:29 The other things Solomon did, from beginning to end, are written in Nathan the prophet's book, in Ahijah the Shilonite's prophecies, and in the visions that Iddo the seer had about Jeroboam son of Nebat, right?
2 Chronicles 9:30 Solomon ruled in Jerusalem over all Israel for forty years.
2 Chronicles 9:31 Solomon died and was buried in his father David's city. Then his son Rehoboam became king.

2 Chronicles 10:1 Rehoboam went to Shechem because all the people of Israel had come there to make him king.
2 Chronicles 10:2 When Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who had fled to Egypt to avoid King Solomon, heard this, he came back from Egypt.
2 Chronicles 10:3 They sent for him and called him. So Jeroboam and all Israel went and talked to Rehoboam, saying,
2 Chronicles 10:4 Your father made our work very hard. Now please make our hard service and the heavy load your father put on us lighter, and we will work for you.
2 Chronicles 10:5 He told them, "Come back to me in three days." Then the people left.
2 Chronicles 10:6 King Rehoboam asked the elders who had advised his father Solomon, "What is your advice on how I should respond to these people?"
2 Chronicles 10:7 They said to him, "If you are kind to these people, make them happy, and say nice things to them, they will serve you forever."
2 Chronicles 10:8 He ignored the advice from the elders and instead asked the young men who grew up with him and served him for their advice.
2 Chronicles 10:9 He said to them, "What advice do you have so we can reply to these people who have asked me to lighten the hard work my father put on them?"
2 Chronicles 10:10 The young men who grew up with him said to him, "This is how you should reply to the people who told you, 'Your father made our work hard, but you should make it easier for us': You should tell them, 'My little finger will be thicker than my father's waist.'"
2 Chronicles 10:11 While my father gave you a heavy burden, I will add to it. My father disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions.
2 Chronicles 10:12 Jeroboam and all the people went to Rehoboam on the third day, just as the king had ordered, saying, "Come back to me on the third day."
2 Chronicles 10:13 The king spoke to them harshly, and King Rehoboam ignored the advice of the older men.
2 Chronicles 10:14 He replied with the young men's advice, saying, "My father made your work hard, but I will make it harder: my father disciplined you with whips, but I will discipline you with scorpions."
2 Chronicles 10:15 The king did not listen to the people because this was God's plan, to fulfill the words God had spoken through Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam, son of Nebat.
2 Chronicles 10:16 When all the people of Israel saw that the king wouldn't listen to them, they said to the king, "What part do we have in David? We don't have any share in Jesse's son. Everyone go to your homes, Israel. And David, take care of your own family." So all the people of Israel went to their homes.
2 Chronicles 10:17 The Israelites living in Judah's cities were ruled by Rehoboam.
2 Chronicles 10:18 Then King Rehoboam sent Hadoram, who was in charge of collecting taxes, but the people of Israel threw stones at him until he died. However, King Rehoboam quickly got into his chariot to escape to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 10:19 Israel has been against David's family up to today.

2 Chronicles 11:1 When Rehoboam arrived in Jerusalem, he assembled 180,000 skilled soldiers from the tribes of Judah and Benjamin to battle against Israel and take back his kingdom.
2 Chronicles 11:2 God's message came to Shemaiah, God's man, saying,
2 Chronicles 11:3 Tell Rehoboam, Solomon's son and king of Judah, and all the people in Judah and Benjamin, this message:
2 Chronicles 11:4 God says, "Do not go up to fight against your relatives. Everyone go back home, because I made this happen." And they listened to what God said and stopped their advance against Jeroboam.
2 Chronicles 11:5 Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem and built cities for protection in Judah.
2 Chronicles 11:6 He built Bethlehem, Etam, and Tekoa.
2 Chronicles 11:7 Bethzur, Shoco, and Adullam.
2 Chronicles 11:8 Gath, Mareshah, and Ziph,
2 Chronicles 11:9 Adoraim, Lachish, and Azekah,
2 Chronicles 11:10 Zorah, Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and Benjamin, are fortified cities.
2 Chronicles 11:11 He strengthened the fortresses, placed leaders there, and stocked them with food, oil, and wine.
2 Chronicles 11:12 In each city he placed shields and spears, making them very strong with Judah and Benjamin supporting him.
2 Chronicles 11:13 The priests and Levites from all over Israel came to join him.
2 Chronicles 11:14 The Levites left their lands and property, and went to Judah and Jerusalem because Jeroboam and his sons stopped them from serving as priests for God.
2 Chronicles 11:15 He appointed priests for the high places, for the demons, and for the statues of calves he made.
2 Chronicles 11:16 After them, people from all Israel's tribes who decided to seek God went to Jerusalem to offer sacrifices to the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 11:17 They made the kingdom of Judah stronger and made Rehoboam, Solomon's son, strong for three years: for three years they followed the ways of David and Solomon.
2 Chronicles 11:18 Rehoboam married Mahalath, Jerimoth's daughter and David's granddaughter, and Abihail, Eliab's daughter and Jesse's granddaughter.
2 Chronicles 11:19 She had sons with him; Jeush, Shamariah, and Zaham.
2 Chronicles 11:20 After her, he married Maachah, Absalom's daughter, who gave birth to Abijah, Attai, Ziza, and Shelomith for him.
2 Chronicles 11:21 Rehoboam loved Maachah, Absalom's daughter, more than all his other wives and concubines. He had eighteen wives and sixty concubines, fathered twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters.
2 Chronicles 11:22 Rehoboam appointed Abijah, Maachah's son, as the leader over his brothers because he planned to make him king.
2 Chronicles 11:23 He acted wisely, spreading his children across the lands of Judah and Benjamin to every protected city, providing them with plenty of food. And he wanted many wives.

2 Chronicles 12:1 When Rehoboam secured the kingdom and grew strong, he and all Israel abandoned God's law.
2 Chronicles 12:2 In the fifth year of King Rehoboam's reign, Shishak the king of Egypt attacked Jerusalem because they had sinned against God.
2 Chronicles 12:3 With twelve hundred chariots and sixty thousand horsemen; the crowd with him from Egypt couldn't be counted, including the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.
2 Chronicles 12:4 He captured the walled cities belonging to Judah and went to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 12:5 The prophet Shemaiah came to Rehoboam and to the leaders of Judah who had come to Jerusalem because of Shishak. He told them, "God says, 'You have abandoned me, so I have allowed Shishak to take control over you.'"
2 Chronicles 12:6 The leaders of Israel and the king bowed down; they said, God is fair.
2 Chronicles 12:7 When God saw that they were humble, God's message came to Shemaiah, saying, 'They have become humble; so I won't destroy them and will give them some relief; my anger will not fall on Jerusalem through Shishak.'
2 Chronicles 12:8 They will still serve him, so they can learn about serving me and serving the rulers of other lands.
2 Chronicles 12:9 Shishak, the king of Egypt, attacked Jerusalem and stole all the treasures from God's house and the king's house. He also took the gold shields that Solomon had made.
2 Chronicles 12:10 King Rehoboam made bronze shields to replace them and gave them to the chief of the guards who watched over the entrance to the king's palace.
2 Chronicles 12:11 When the king went into God's house, the guards took them and brought them back to the guardroom.
2 Chronicles 12:12 When he became humble, God's anger moved away from him so he was not completely destroyed; and in Judah, things improved.
2 Chronicles 12:13 King Rehoboam got stronger in Jerusalem and ruled. Rehoboam was 41 when he started to rule, and he ruled for 17 years in Jerusalem, the city that God picked from all the Israel tribes to place his name. His mother was Naamah, from Ammon.
2 Chronicles 12:14 He did wrong because he did not prepare his heart to seek God.
2 Chronicles 12:15 The things Rehoboam did, from beginning to end, are recorded in the writings of the prophet Shemaiah and the historian Iddo, which include family records, right? And Rehoboam and Jeroboam were always fighting wars against each other.
2 Chronicles 12:16 Rehoboam died and was buried in David's city, and his son Abijah became king after him.

2 Chronicles 13:1 Abijah began to rule over Judah in the eighteenth year of King Jeroboam's reign.
2 Chronicles 13:2 He ruled for three years in Jerusalem. His mother was Michaiah, Uriel of Gibeah's daughter. Abijah and Jeroboam were at war.
2 Chronicles 13:3 Abijah organized his army with four hundred thousand brave soldiers, and Jeroboam arranged his army against him with eight hundred thousand strong warriors.
2 Chronicles 13:4 Abijah stood on Mount Zemaraim in the region of Ephraim and said, "Listen to me, Jeroboam, and all of Israel."
2 Chronicles 13:5 Shouldn't you know that God gave David and his descendants the rule over Israel forever through a salt covenant?
2 Chronicles 13:6 Jeroboam, Nebat's son, who served Solomon, David's son, has risen and rebelled against his master.
2 Chronicles 13:7 A group of worthless men, followers of wickedness, joined him. They stood against Rehoboam, Solomon's son, while he was young and gentle, and he couldn't stand up to them.
2 Chronicles 13:8 Now you believe you can resist God’s kingdom under David's sons' control; you are many, and you have golden calves, which Jeroboam created as your gods.
2 Chronicles 13:9 Haven't you thrown out God's priests, Aaron's descendants, and the Levites, and chosen your own priests like other countries do? So now anyone who comes with a young bull and seven rams can become a priest of false gods.
2 Chronicles 13:10 But for us, God is our God, and we haven't left him; the priests who serve God are Aaron's sons, and the Levites do their work.
2 Chronicles 13:11 Every morning and evening, they burn burnt offerings and sweet incense to God. They also arrange the bread on the clean table and light the gold lampstand with its lamps in the evening. We follow God's commands, but you have abandoned Him.
2 Chronicles 13:12 Look, God is with us as our leader, and his priests with trumpets will sound the alarm against you. Children of Israel, do not fight against the God of your ancestors; you will not succeed.
2 Chronicles 13:13 Jeroboam set up an ambush behind them, so they faced Judah with the ambush behind them.
2 Chronicles 13:14 When Judah turned around, they saw the battle was in front and behind them. They cried out to God, and the priests blew the trumpets.
2 Chronicles 13:15 The men of Judah shouted, and as they shouted, God defeated Jeroboam and all Israel in front of Abijah and Judah.
2 Chronicles 13:16 The Israelites ran away from Judah, and God let Judah capture them.
2 Chronicles 13:17 Abijah and his army defeated them heavily: so five hundred thousand of Israel's best men were killed.
2 Chronicles 13:18 At that time, the Israelites were defeated, while the people of Judah were victorious because they trusted in God, the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 13:19 Abijah chased Jeroboam and captured his cities: Bethel and its villages, Jeshanah and its villages, and Ephraim and its villages.
2 Chronicles 13:20 Jeroboam did not regain power during Abijah's time; God struck him down, and he died.
2 Chronicles 13:21 Abijah became powerful, married fourteen women, had twenty-two sons, and sixteen daughters.
2 Chronicles 13:22 The other things Abijah did, his actions, and his words, are in the prophet Iddo's history book.

2 Chronicles 14:1 Abijah died, and they buried him in the city of David. His son Asa became king after him. During his time, the land was peaceful for ten years.
2 Chronicles 14:2 And Asa did what was good and right in the eyes of God.
2 Chronicles 14:3 He removed the altars of the foreign gods, the high places, broke the statues, and chopped down the sacred trees.
2 Chronicles 14:4 He told Judah to look for the God of their ancestors and to follow the law and the command.
2 Chronicles 14:5 He removed the worship sites and idols from all the cities of Judah, and the kingdom was peaceful under his rule.
2 Chronicles 14:6 He built protected cities in Judah because the land was at peace and there was no war during those years; God had given him peace.
2 Chronicles 14:7 So he told Judah, "Let's build these cities and protect them with walls, towers, gates, and bars while we still have open land; because we have looked for God's help and found it, and he has given us peace all around." And they built and were successful.
2 Chronicles 14:8 Asa had an army with 300,000 men from Judah who carried large shields and spears, and from Benjamin, 280,000 men who carried small shields and used bows. All these were strong and brave warriors.
2 Chronicles 14:9 Zerah the Ethiopian came against them with an army of a million and three hundred chariots, and advanced to Mareshah.
2 Chronicles 14:10 Then Asa fought against him, and they arranged their armies for battle in Zephathah Valley near Mareshah.
2 Chronicles 14:11 Asa called out to God, saying, "God, it's easy for you to help, whether we have many people or just a few who are weak. Help us, God; we rely on you, and in your name, we face this large group. You are our God; don't let anyone defeat you."
2 Chronicles 14:12 God struck down the Ethiopians in front of Asa and Judah, and the Ethiopians ran away.
2 Chronicles 14:13 Asa and his followers chased them to Gerar, and the Ethiopians were beaten so badly they couldn't fight back; because they were defeated by God and his army, and Asa and his people took a lot of their things.
2 Chronicles 14:14 They attacked all the cities near Gerar because they were afraid of God, and they robbed all the cities, as there was a lot to take.
2 Chronicles 14:15 They also attacked the animal tents, took many sheep and camels, and went back to Jerusalem.

2 Chronicles 15:1 God's Spirit came to Azariah, Oded's son.
2 Chronicles 15:2 He went to meet Asa and said, "Listen to me, Asa, and all of Judah and Benjamin: God is with you when you are with Him. If you look for Him, you will find Him; but if you leave Him, He will leave you."
2 Chronicles 15:3 Israel has been a long time without the real God, without a priest to teach, and without law.
2 Chronicles 15:4 But when they were in trouble and turned to God, and looked for him, they found him.
2 Chronicles 15:5 During those times, people had no peace whether they left or arrived, as everyone living in the countries faced great troubles.
2 Chronicles 15:6 One nation destroyed another, and one city destroyed another; for God troubled them with all kinds of problems.
2 Chronicles 15:7 Stay strong, and don't let your hands get weak: your work will be rewarded.
2 Chronicles 15:8 When Asa heard these words and Oded the prophet's message, he felt brave. He removed the terrible idols from all over Judah and Benjamin, and from the cities he had captured in the hills of Ephraim. He also fixed God's altar in front of God's temple entrance.
2 Chronicles 15:9 He brought together all of Judah and Benjamin, and the foreigners from Ephraim, Manasseh, and Simeon, because many from Israel joined him when they saw that God was with him.
2 Chronicles 15:10 They came together in Jerusalem in the third month, during the fifteenth year of Asa's rule.
2 Chronicles 15:11 At that time, they gave to God from the things they had taken seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.
2 Chronicles 15:12 They promised to search for God of their ancestors with all their heart and soul.
2 Chronicles 15:13 Anyone who does not seek the God of Israel must be put to death, no matter who they are, young or old, man or woman.
2 Chronicles 15:14 They promised to God loudly, with shouts, trumpets, and horns.
2 Chronicles 15:15 All of Judah was happy about their promise; they made it sincerely and looked for God with all their desire. They found God, and God gave them peace on every side.
2 Chronicles 15:16 Asa took away his grandmother Maachah's title as queen because she made an idol in a sacred garden. Asa chopped down the idol, crushed it, and burned it in the Kidron Valley.
2 Chronicles 15:17 But the worship places on the hills were not removed from Israel; still, Asa was completely devoted to God all his life.
2 Chronicles 15:18 He brought into God's house the items his father and he had dedicated: silver, gold, and containers.
2 Chronicles 15:19 There was no more war until the thirty-fifth year of Asa's rule.

2 Chronicles 16:1 In the thirty-sixth year of King Asa's rule, King Baasha of Israel attacked Judah and built Ramah to stop anyone from leaving or entering King Asa's territory.
2 Chronicles 16:2 Asa took silver and gold from God's house and the king's palace and sent it to King Benhadad of Syria, who lived in Damascus, with a message.
2 Chronicles 16:3 We have an agreement, just like our fathers did. Look, I've sent you silver and gold. Now, end your agreement with Baasha, the king of Israel, so he will leave me alone.
2 Chronicles 16:4 Benhadad listened to King Asa and ordered his army leaders to attack Israel's cities; they captured Ijon, Dan, Abelmaim, and all the warehouse cities of Naphtali.
2 Chronicles 16:5 When Baasha heard about it, he stopped building Ramah and his work stopped too.
2 Chronicles 16:6 King Asa and all the people of Judah removed the stones and wood from Ramah, which Baasha had been using to build, and with them, they built Geba and Mizpah.
2 Chronicles 16:7 At that time, Hanani the seer went to Asa, the king of Judah, and told him, "Because you depended on the king of Syria and not on God, the army of the king of Syria has escaped from you."
2 Chronicles 16:8 Didn't the Ethiopians and Lubims have a large army with many chariots and horsemen? But because you trusted in God, He gave them over to you.
2 Chronicles 16:9 God's eyes move across the whole earth, to show his power to those who are fully committed to him. But you have acted foolishly, and from now on you will face wars.
2 Chronicles 16:10 Asa became very angry with the prophet and locked him up because of his anger over this matter. At that time, Asa also treated some of the people harshly.
2 Chronicles 16:11 Look, the deeds of Asa, from beginning to end, are recorded in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 16:12 In the thirty-ninth year of his rule, Asa became very sick in his feet, and his sickness got very severe. But even in his sickness, he did not ask God for help, only the doctors.
2 Chronicles 16:13 Asa died after ruling for forty-one years and was buried with his ancestors.
2 Chronicles 16:14 They buried him in his own tomb that he had built for himself in the city of David. They placed him on a bed filled with sweet smells and many spices made by the apothecaries. They had a very big fire for him.

2 Chronicles 17:1 Jehoshaphat, his son, became king after him and made himself strong against Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:2 He put troops in all the protected cities of Judah, and put guards in Judah's land and in the cities of Ephraim that his father Asa had captured.
2 Chronicles 17:3 God was with Jehoshaphat because he followed the good ways of his ancestor David and did not worship Baalim.
2 Chronicles 17:4 He looked for guidance from his father's God and lived by His rules, not following Israel's actions.
2 Chronicles 17:5 God made his kingdom strong; everyone from Judah gave gifts to Jehoshaphat; and he became very rich and honored.
2 Chronicles 17:6 His heart became proud following God's ways; he also removed the worship sites and sacred trees from Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:7 In the third year of his rule, he sent his leaders, Benhail, Obadiah, Zechariah, Nethaneel, and Michaiah, to teach in the towns of Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:8 He sent Levites with them, including Shemaiah, Nethaniah, Zebadiah, Asahel, Shemiramoth, Jonathan, Adonijah, Tobijah, Tobadonijah, and also Elishama and Jehoram, who were priests.
2 Chronicles 17:9 They taught in Judah with God's law book and traveled to all Judah's cities to teach the people.
2 Chronicles 17:10 The fear of God spread to all the neighboring kingdoms around Judah, so they did not go to war against Jehoshaphat.
2 Chronicles 17:11 Some Philistines gave Jehoshaphat gifts and silver, and the Arabians gave him 7,700 rams and 7,700 male goats.
2 Chronicles 17:12 Jehoshaphat became very powerful; he built strongholds and storage cities in Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:13 He was very busy in the towns of Judah, and the soldiers, strong and brave, were in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 17:14 Here are the numbers for each family group: From Judah, the leaders of thousands; Adnah was the top leader, and with him were 300,000 brave soldiers.
2 Chronicles 17:15 Next to him stood Jehohanan the leader, with 280,000 men.
2 Chronicles 17:16 Next to him was Amasiah, son of Zichri, who volunteered to serve God; he was accompanied by two hundred thousand brave warriors.
2 Chronicles 17:17 From the tribe of Benjamin, Eliada, a brave warrior, was there with 200,000 armed men carrying bows and shields.
2 Chronicles 17:18 Next to him was Jehozabad, with him one hundred and eighty thousand men ready for battle.
2 Chronicles 17:19 These served the king, along with those the king placed in the protected cities all over Judah.

2 Chronicles 18:1 Jehoshaphat was very rich and honored, and he allied with Ahab.
2 Chronicles 18:2 After some years, he visited Ahab in Samaria. Ahab slaughtered many sheep and cattle for him and his companions and convinced him to join him in going to Ramothgilead.
2 Chronicles 18:3 King Ahab of Israel said to King Jehoshaphat of Judah, "Will you come with me to fight at Ramoth-gilead?" Jehoshaphat replied, "I am with you as you are, my people are as your people, and we will join you in battle."
2 Chronicles 18:4 Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, "Please ask for God's guidance today."
2 Chronicles 18:5 So the king of Israel brought together 400 prophets and asked them, "Should we go to war against Ramothgilead, or should I hold back?" And they answered, "Go ahead, because God will give it into the king's hands."
2 Chronicles 18:6 But Jehoshaphat asked, "Isn't there a prophet of God here we can ask?"
2 Chronicles 18:7 The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, "There is still one man we can ask God through. But I hate him because he never prophesies anything good about me, only bad. He is Micaiah, son of Imla." Jehoshaphat replied, "The king should not say that."
2 Chronicles 18:8 The king of Israel called one of his officers and said, "Go fast and bring Micaiah, son of Imla."
2 Chronicles 18:9 The king of Israel and Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, sat on their thrones, dressed in royal robes, at the entrance of Samaria's gate in an open area; and all the prophets were giving their prophecies in front of them.
2 Chronicles 18:10 Zedekiah, Chenaanah's son, made iron horns and said, "God says, 'With these, you will drive out Syria until they are destroyed.'"
2 Chronicles 18:11 All the prophets said the same thing: "Go to Ramothgilead and you will succeed because God will give it to the king."
2 Chronicles 18:12 The messenger who went to get Micaiah said to him, "Look, all the prophets are telling the king good news unanimously; so please make your words like theirs and speak good things."
2 Chronicles 18:13 Micaiah said, "As God lives, I will speak only what my God says."
2 Chronicles 18:14 When he arrived, the king asked him, "Micaiah, should we go to fight at Ramothgilead or not?" And he answered, "Go, succeed, and you will conquer them."
2 Chronicles 18:15 The king said to him, "How many times must I tell you to speak only the truth to me in God's name?"
2 Chronicles 18:16 He said, "I saw all Israel spread out on the hills like sheep without a shepherd. God said, 'These people have no leader; let them go back home in peace.'"
2 Chronicles 18:17 The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, "Didn't I tell you he would not predict good things for me, but only bad?"
2 Chronicles 18:18 He said again, "Listen to God's message: I saw God sitting on His throne, with all the heavenly beings standing to His right and left."
2 Chronicles 18:19 God asked, "Who will trick King Ahab of Israel into attacking Ramothgilead and dying there?" One suggested this way, and another that way.
2 Chronicles 18:20 A spirit came out and stood before God and said, "I will trick him." And God asked, "How?"
2 Chronicles 18:21 He said, "I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouths of all his prophets." God said, "You will trick him, and you will succeed: go out and do it."
2 Chronicles 18:22 Now, look, God has made your prophets lie, and God has said bad things will happen to you.
2 Chronicles 18:23 Zedekiah, son of Chenaanah, came forward, hit Micaiah on the face, and asked, "How did God's Spirit leave me to talk to you?"
2 Chronicles 18:24 Micaiah said, "Look, you will see on that day when you go into a room to hide."
2 Chronicles 18:25 The king of Israel said, "Take Micaiah, and take him back to Amon, the city governor, and to Joash, the king's son."
2 Chronicles 18:26 Tell them, "The king says, 'Put this man in jail and give him only enough bread and water to make him suffer until I come back safely.'"
2 Chronicles 18:27 Micaiah said, "If you really come back safely, then God did not speak through me." And he said, "Listen, everyone."
2 Chronicles 18:28 The king of Israel and Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, went to Ramoth-gilead.
2 Chronicles 18:29 The king of Israel told Jehoshaphat, "I will change my look and go to battle, but you wear your royal clothes." So the king of Israel changed his look, and they went to battle.
2 Chronicles 18:30 The king of Syria told his chariot commanders to not fight with anyone, whether they are unimportant or important, except for the king of Israel.
2 Chronicles 18:31 When the chariot commanders saw Jehoshaphat, they thought he was the king of Israel. So they surrounded him to attack. But Jehoshaphat yelled, and God helped him, making them leave him alone.
2 Chronicles 18:32 It happened that when the chariot commanders realized it was not the king of Israel, they stopped chasing him.
2 Chronicles 18:33 A man randomly shot an arrow and hit the king of Israel in the gaps of his armor. So the king told his chariot driver, "Turn around and take me out of the battle; I've been hurt."
2 Chronicles 18:34 The fight grew stronger that day, but the Israelite king stood in his chariot facing the Syrians till evening, and at sunset, he died.

2 Chronicles 19:1 King Jehoshaphat of Judah went back to his home in Jerusalem safely.
2 Chronicles 19:2 Jehu, son of Hanani, the seer, met him and said to King Jehoshaphat, "Should you help the wicked and love those who hate God? For this, God's anger is on you."
2 Chronicles 19:3 Still, good things are in you because you removed the idol worship places from the land and made your heart ready to look for God.
2 Chronicles 19:4 Jehoshaphat lived in Jerusalem and he traveled among the people from Beersheba to Mount Ephraim, leading them back to God, the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 19:5 He placed judges in the country in all the protected cities of Judah, in each city.
2 Chronicles 19:6 He told the judges, "Be careful in what you do, because you are not judging for humans, but for God, who is with you when you make judgments."
2 Chronicles 19:7 So now let the fear of God be with you; be careful and do it: because there is no wrong with our God, no favoritism, or acceptance of bribes.
2 Chronicles 19:8 In Jerusalem, Jehoshaphat appointed Levites, priests, and Israelite leaders to judge for God and settle disputes when they came back to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 19:9 He instructed them, "Do this respecting God, faithfully and with a true heart."
2 Chronicles 19:10 Whenever your fellow people from the cities come to you with a problem, whether it's about a crime, a law, or rules and decisions, you must warn them not to disobey God, so that they and you will not face God's anger. Do this, and you will not do wrong.
2 Chronicles 19:11 Look, Amariah the main priest is in charge of all God's issues; and Zebadiah, Ishmael's son, is the leader for all the king's business: and the Levites will work for you. Act bravely, and God will be with the good.

2 Chronicles 20:1 After this, the people of Moab and Ammon, together with others besides the Ammonites, went to fight against Jehoshaphat.
2 Chronicles 20:2 Some people came to tell Jehoshaphat, "A huge army is coming against you from across the sea near Syria; they are now in Hazazontamar, also known as Engedi."
2 Chronicles 20:3 Jehoshaphat was afraid and decided to look for God, and he announced a fast in all of Judah.
2 Chronicles 20:4 Judah came together to ask for God's help; from all Judah's cities, they came to seek God.
2 Chronicles 20:5 Jehoshaphat stood among the people of Judah and Jerusalem, in God's house, in front of the new courtyard.
2 Chronicles 20:6 And said, "O God of our ancestors, aren't you the God in heaven? And don't you rule over all the nations of the foreigners? And in your hand is there not strength and power, so that no one can stand against you?"
2 Chronicles 20:7 Aren't you our God, who drove out the people of this land before your people Israel and gave it forever to the descendants of Abraham, your friend?
2 Chronicles 20:8 They lived there and built a holy place for your name, saying,
2 Chronicles 20:9 If bad things like war, punishment, sickness, or hunger happen to us, and we stand before this place where you are present (because this place carries your name) and call out to you in our trouble, then you will listen and help us.
2 Chronicles 20:10 Now, see, the people of Ammon, Moab, and Mount Seir, who you did not allow Israel to attack when they left Egypt, have not been destroyed because Israel turned away from them.
2 Chronicles 20:11 Look, I say, see how they pay us back by coming to throw us out of the land you gave us as our inheritance.
2 Chronicles 20:12 Our God, won't you judge them? We have no power against this large group attacking us; we don't know what to do, but we look to you for help.
2 Chronicles 20:13 Everyone from Judah stood before God with their children, their wives, and their little ones.
2 Chronicles 20:14 Then, the Spirit of God came upon Jahaziel, son of Zechariah, son of Benaiah, son of Jeiel, son of Mattaniah, a Levite from the family of Asaph, while he was with the group of people.
2 Chronicles 20:15 He said, "Listen, all Judah, people of Jerusalem, and King Jehoshaphat, God tells you, don't be afraid or worried because of this large army; the fight is not yours, it's God's."
2 Chronicles 20:16 Tomorrow, go down to fight them. They will climb up by the cliff of Ziz, and you will find them at the end of the stream, before the desert of Jeruel.
2 Chronicles 20:17 You don't have to fight in this battle. Just take your positions, stand firm, and watch God save you, Judah and Jerusalem. Don't be afraid or worried. Tomorrow, go face them, because God will be with you.
2 Chronicles 20:18 Jehoshaphat bent down with his face to the earth, and all Judah and the people of Jerusalem dropped to the ground before God, worshiping God.
2 Chronicles 20:19 The Levites, from the Kohathites and Korhites families, stood up to loudly praise God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 20:20 They got up early in the morning, left for the Tekoa desert, and as they started out, Jehoshaphat stood up and said, "Listen to me, Judah and people of Jerusalem; trust in God and you will be secure; trust his messengers and you will succeed."
2 Chronicles 20:21 After talking with the people, he chose singers for God to praise the holy beauty. They went ahead of the soldiers, singing, "Praise God, for his kindness lasts forever."
2 Chronicles 20:22 As they started to sing and praise, God set up ambushes against the Ammonites, Moabites, and the people of Mount Seir who had attacked Judah, and they were defeated.
2 Chronicles 20:23 The people of Ammon and Moab attacked those living on Mount Seir, planning to kill and eliminate them completely. After they finished with the Seir people, they all turned on each other and started killing one another.
2 Chronicles 20:24 When Judah reached the lookout tower in the desert, they saw the crowd, and there were all dead bodies on the ground, with no survivors.
2 Chronicles 20:25 When Jehoshaphat and his people arrived to collect the enemies' goods, they found a lot of wealth and valuable jewels on the dead bodies. They took more than they could carry, and it took them three days to gather all the goods because there was so much.
2 Chronicles 20:26 On the fourth day, they gathered in Berachah Valley; there they praised God. So they named that place Berachah Valley, which it is still called today.
2 Chronicles 20:27 Then they all returned, every person from Judah and Jerusalem, with Jehoshaphat leading them, to go back to Jerusalem happily; because God had made them joyful over their enemies.
2 Chronicles 20:28 They came to Jerusalem with stringed instruments, harps, and trumpets to the house of God.
2 Chronicles 20:29 All the kingdoms around were afraid of God because they heard that God fought against Israel's enemies.
2 Chronicles 20:30 Jehoshaphat's kingdom was peaceful because God gave him rest on all sides.
2 Chronicles 20:31 Jehoshaphat became king of Judah when he was 35 years old and ruled for 25 years in Jerusalem. His mother was Azubah, Shilhi's daughter.
2 Chronicles 20:32 He followed his father Asa's path without turning away, doing what was right in God's eyes.
2 Chronicles 20:33 However, the high places were not removed because the people had not yet devoted their hearts to their ancestors' God.
2 Chronicles 20:34 The other things Jehoshaphat did, from first to last, are recorded in Jehu son of Hanani's writings, which are listed in the history book about Israel's kings.
2 Chronicles 20:35 After this, Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, partnered with Ahaziah, the king of Israel, who was very wicked.
2 Chronicles 20:36 He partnered with him to build ships to sail to Tarshish, and they constructed the ships in Eziongeber.
2 Chronicles 20:37 Eliezer, Dodavah's son from Mareshah, warned Jehoshaphat, saying, "Because you teamed up with Ahaziah, God has ruined what you did. And the ships were wrecked so they couldn't sail to Tarshish."

2 Chronicles 21:1 Jehoshaphat died and was buried with his ancestors in the city of David. Then his son Jehoram became king after him.
2 Chronicles 21:2 He had brothers, Jehoshaphat's sons: Azariah, Jehiel, Zechariah, another Azariah, Michael, and Shephatiah. All these were King Jehoshaphat of Israel's sons.
2 Chronicles 21:3 Their father gave them many valuable gifts, including silver, gold, and precious items, along with protected cities in Judah, but he gave the rule to Jehoram because he was the oldest son.
2 Chronicles 21:4 When Jehoram became king after his father, he made himself strong and killed all his brothers with a sword, as well as some of Israel's leaders.
2 Chronicles 21:5 Jehoram was 32 years old when he started to rule, and he ruled for 8 years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 21:6 He followed the path of the Israelite kings, just like Ahab's family did, because he married Ahab's daughter, and he did evil things that God saw as wrong.
2 Chronicles 21:7 God did not want to destroy David's family because of the promise He made to David, and He had agreed to give a lasting light to him and his sons.
2 Chronicles 21:8 During his reign, the Edomites rebelled against Judah's rule and chose their own king.
2 Chronicles 21:9 Jehoram went out with his leaders and all his chariots. He attacked at night and defeated the Edomites surrounding him and their chariot commanders.
2 Chronicles 21:10 The Edomites rebelled against Judah's rule and remain independent to this day. At the same time, Libnah also rebelled because he abandoned the God of his ancestors.
2 Chronicles 21:11 He also built worship sites on the hills of Judah and led the people of Jerusalem to be unfaithful, and forced Judah to do the same.
2 Chronicles 21:12 Elijah the prophet sent a message to him, saying, "God tells you, because you did not follow in the footsteps of Jehoshaphat your father, or in the footsteps of Asa king of Judah.
2 Chronicles 21:13 You followed the path of Israel's kings and led Judah and Jerusalem into false worship, like the ways of Ahab's family, and you killed your own brothers, who were better than you.
2 Chronicles 21:14 Look, God will punish your people, your children, your wives, and all your things with a terrible plague.
2 Chronicles 21:15 You will become very sick with a disease in your intestines until your intestines come out because of the illness every day.
2 Chronicles 21:16 God made the Philistines and nearby Arabians, close to the Ethiopians, rise against Jehoram.
2 Chronicles 21:17 They entered Judah, broke into it, and took all the valuables from the king's house, his sons, and his wives; none of his sons were left except Jehoahaz, his youngest.
2 Chronicles 21:18 After all this, God struck him with an incurable disease in his intestines.
2 Chronicles 21:19 Over time, two years later, he got so sick that his insides came out, and he died from severe illnesses. His people did not honor him with a fire as they had for his ancestors.
2 Chronicles 21:20 He was 32 years old when he became king, and he ruled in Jerusalem for eight years. He died unloved. Nevertheless, they buried him in the city of David, but not in the kings' tombs.

2 Chronicles 22:1 The people of Jerusalem made Ahaziah, his youngest son, king after him because the group that came with the Arabians to the camp had killed all the older sons. So Ahaziah, son of Jehoram king of Judah, became king.
2 Chronicles 22:2 Ahaziah was 42 years old when he started to rule, and he ruled for one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Athaliah, Omri's daughter.
2 Chronicles 22:3 He followed the bad example of Ahab's family because his mother advised him to do wrong.
2 Chronicles 22:4 So he did bad things in God's view, just like Ahab's family did, because they advised him badly after his father died, leading to his downfall.
2 Chronicles 22:5 He followed their advice and joined Jehoram, Ahab's son and the king of Israel, to fight Hazael, the king of Syria, at Ramoth-gilead. The Syrians defeated Joram.
2 Chronicles 22:6 He went back to get better in Jezreel because of the injuries he got at Ramah, when he battled Hazael, the king of Syria. And Azariah, son of King Jehoram of Judah, visited Jehoram, son of Ahab, at Jezreel, because he was ill.
2 Chronicles 22:7 Ahaziah's downfall was caused by God when he visited Joram. As he arrived, he joined Jehoram to fight Jehu, whom God chose to destroy Ahab's family.
2 Chronicles 22:8 When Jehu was punishing Ahab's family, he met the leaders of Judah and Ahaziah's brothers' sons who served Ahaziah, and he killed them.
2 Chronicles 22:9 He looked for Ahaziah and they found him hiding in Samaria, and took him to Jehu. After they killed him, they buried him because they said he was Jehoshaphat's son, who followed God with all his heart. So Ahaziah's family had no strength to hold onto the kingdom.
2 Chronicles 22:10 When Athaliah, Ahaziah's mother, knew her son was dead, she got up and killed all the royal family of Judah.
2 Chronicles 22:11 But Jehoshabeath, the king's daughter, took Joash, Ahaziah's son, and rescued him from the princes who were killed. She hid him and his nurse in a bedroom. Jehoshabeath, daughter of King Jehoram and wife of Priest Jehoiada, and sister to Ahaziah, kept him safe from Athaliah so she did not kill him.
2 Chronicles 22:12 He stayed hidden in God's house for six years while Athaliah ruled the land.

2 Chronicles 23:1 In the seventh year, Jehoiada became stronger and made a promise with the leaders of the army: Azariah son of Jeroham, Ishmael son of Jehohanan, Azariah son of Obed, Maaseiah son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat son of Zichri.
2 Chronicles 23:2 They traveled around Judah, collecting Levites from all the towns of Judah, along with the leaders of Israel's families, and they arrived in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 23:3 The whole group agreed to a promise with the king in God's house. He told them, "Look, the king's son will rule, as God has promised about David's children."
2 Chronicles 23:4 This is what you must do: one third of the priests and Levites who start on the Sabbath will guard the doors.
2 Chronicles 23:5 One third of the people will be at the king's palace, another third at the Foundation Gate, and everyone else in the courtyards of God's house.
2 Chronicles 23:6 Only the priests and the Levite helpers can enter the house of God because they are holy; everyone else must stay outside and guard the house of God.
2 Chronicles 23:7 The Levites must surround the king, everyone holding his weapons; and anyone else entering the house must be killed: but stay with the king when he enters and leaves.
2 Chronicles 23:8 The Levites and all of Judah did everything priest Jehoiada told them to do, taking their men who were to work on the Sabbath, and those who were to leave, because priest Jehoiada did not change their assignments.
2 Chronicles 23:9 Furthermore, the priest Jehoiada gave the commanders spears, small shields, and large shields that used to belong to King David, and were stored in God's house.
2 Chronicles 23:10 He placed all the people, each with a weapon in hand, from the right to the left side of the temple, near the altar and temple, around the king.
2 Chronicles 23:11 They brought out the king's son, put the crown on him, gave him the law, and declared him king. Jehoiada and his sons anointed him and said, "May God protect the king."
2 Chronicles 23:12 When Athaliah heard the sound of the people running and cheering for the king, she went to where the people were in God's house.
2 Chronicles 23:13 She saw that the king was standing by his column at the entrance, with the officials and trumpets near him. Everyone in the land was happy, blowing trumpets, and the musicians with their instruments, and the singing teachers, were praising. Then Athaliah tore her clothes and shouted, "Treason! Treason!"
2 Chronicles 23:14 Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the army captains and told them, "Take her outside the temple guards: and anyone who follows her should be killed with the sword. Because the priest said, "Do not kill her in God's house."
2 Chronicles 23:15 They grabbed her, and when she reached the horse gate near the king's house, they killed her there.
2 Chronicles 23:16 Jehoiada made an agreement with himself, all the people, and the king, that they would be God's people.
2 Chronicles 23:17 Then all the people went to Baal's temple, tore it down, smashed his altars and statues, and killed Mattan, Baal's priest, by the altars.
2 Chronicles 23:18 Jehoiada set up roles in God's house with the priests and Levites David had organized there to present burnt offerings to God according to what is written in Moses' law, with joy and singing, following David's instructions.
2 Chronicles 23:19 He placed guards at the doors of God's house so no one unclean could enter.
2 Chronicles 23:20 He gathered the leaders, the nobles, the rulers, and everyone from the land, and they took the king from God's house. They went through the main gate to the king's palace and placed the king on his throne.
2 Chronicles 23:21 All the people of the land were happy and the city was peaceful after they killed Athaliah with a sword.

2 Chronicles 24:1 Joash became king at seven and ruled for forty years in Jerusalem. His mother, Zibiah, was from Beersheba.
2 Chronicles 24:2 Joash did what was right in God's eyes all the time Jehoiada the priest was alive.
2 Chronicles 24:3 Jehoiada married two women and they had sons and daughters together.
2 Chronicles 24:4 After that, Joash decided to fix God's house.
2 Chronicles 24:5 He brought the priests and Levites together and told them, "Go to the towns of Judah and collect money from all Israel every year to fix God's house. Make sure you do it quickly." But the Levites did not hurry.
2 Chronicles 24:6 The king asked Jehoiada the leader, "Why haven't you made the Levites collect taxes from Judah and Jerusalem as Moses, God's servant, and Israel's assembly commanded for the testimony tent?"
2 Chronicles 24:7 Athaliah's sons, who were evil, destroyed God's house and gave all the holy items from God's house to Baalim.
2 Chronicles 24:8 By the king's order, they made a box and placed it outside the gate of God's house.
2 Chronicles 24:9 They announced in Judah and Jerusalem that everyone should bring to God the offerings that Moses, God's servant, commanded Israel to give in the wilderness.
2 Chronicles 24:10 All the leaders and people were happy, gave, and put into the chest until they finished.
2 Chronicles 24:11 When the box was delivered to the king's office by the Levites and they noticed a lot of money inside, the king's writer and the high priest's official would empty the box, take it, and return it to its spot. They did this every day and collected a great deal of money.
2 Chronicles 24:12 The king and Jehoiada paid workers to serve in God's house, and they hired builders and woodworkers to fix it. They also paid those who worked with iron and bronze to repair God's house.
2 Chronicles 24:13 The workers did their job, completed the work, arranged God's house as it should be, and made it strong.
2 Chronicles 24:14 When they were done, they gave the leftover money to the king and Jehoiada, who used it to make items for God's house – items for service and sacrifices, along with bowls, and gold and silver things. They presented burnt sacrifices in God's house all the time Jehoiada lived.
2 Chronicles 24:15 Jehoiada grew very old and died when he lived a long life; he was one hundred and thirty years old at his death.
2 Chronicles 24:16 They buried him in the city of David with the kings because he did good things for Israel, for God, and for his own family.
2 Chronicles 24:17 After Jehoiada died, the leaders of Judah bowed before the king, and the king listened to them.
2 Chronicles 24:18 They left their ancestors' God's house and worshiped idols and sacred trees; because of this sin, anger came upon Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 24:19 God sent messengers to the people to bring them back to Him; they spoke out against the people's ways, but the people would not listen.
2 Chronicles 24:20 God's Spirit came over Zechariah, son of Jehoiada the priest. While standing before the people, he said, "God asks why do you disobey God's commands, so that you can't succeed? You have abandoned God, so he has abandoned you."
2 Chronicles 24:21 They plotted against him and threw stones at him, following the king's orders, in the courtyard of God's house.
2 Chronicles 24:22 King Joash forgot the good things Jehoiada, his father, did for him and killed Jehoiada's son. As he was dying, he said, "God will see this and make you pay."
2 Chronicles 24:23 At the end of the year, Syria's army attacked. They came to Judah and Jerusalem, killed all the leaders, and sent their valuables to the king of Damascus.
2 Chronicles 24:24 The Syrian army attacked with just a few soldiers, but God gave them victory over a much larger group because they had abandoned the God of their ancestors. So they punished Joash.
2 Chronicles 24:25 After they left him because he was very sick, his own servants plotted against him because he had killed the sons of priest Jehoiada. They killed him in his bed, and he died. They buried him in the city of David, but not in the kings' tombs.
2 Chronicles 24:26 These are the ones who plotted against him: Zabad, son of Shimeath from Ammon, and Jehozabad, son of Shimrith from Moab.
2 Chronicles 24:27 About his sons, the heavy tasks given to him, and the fixing of God's house, you can read in the book of kings' history. And his son Amaziah became king after him.

2 Chronicles 25:1 Amaziah was twenty-five years old when he started to rule, and he ruled for twenty-nine years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Jehoaddan from Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 25:2 He did what was right in God's eyes, but not with a complete heart.
2 Chronicles 25:3 When his rule was secure, he killed the servants who had murdered his father, the king.
2 Chronicles 25:4 He did not kill their children but followed what is written in Moses' law book, where God ordered: Parents should not die for their children, nor children for their parents; each person will die for their own sin.
2 Chronicles 25:5 Amaziah brought Judah's people together, appointed leaders for groups of a thousand and groups of a hundred, family by family, for all of Judah and Benjamin. He counted those who were twenty years old and older, and found three hundred thousand select men able to go to battle, skilled with spear and shield.
2 Chronicles 25:6 He also paid for a hundred thousand brave soldiers from Israel with a hundred pieces of silver.
2 Chronicles 25:7 A man of God came to him and said, "O king, do not let the army of Israel go with you, because God is not with Israel, that is, with all the descendants of Ephraim."
2 Chronicles 25:8 If you choose to go, then go; be brave in the fight: God will let you be defeated by the enemy: because God can both assist and defeat.
2 Chronicles 25:9 Amaziah said to the man of God, "What about the hundred talents I gave to Israel's soldiers?" The man of God replied, "God can give you much more than that."
2 Chronicles 25:10 Amaziah sent the Ephraim soldiers home, making them very angry at Judah, so they went back home with a lot of anger.
2 Chronicles 25:11 Amaziah became strong, led his people out, and went to the Salt Valley, where he defeated ten thousand from the people of Seir.
2 Chronicles 25:12 The people of Judah took ten thousand others alive, brought them to the top of a cliff, and threw them off, so they all were smashed.
2 Chronicles 25:13 But the soldiers Amaziah sent away, who weren't to fight with him, attacked Judah's cities, from Samaria to Bethhoron, killed 3,000 people, and took lots of valuable things.
2 Chronicles 25:14 After Amaziah returned from defeating the Edomites, he took the gods of the people of Seir, made them his own gods, worshiped them, and offered incense to them.
2 Chronicles 25:15 So God became angry with Amaziah and sent him a prophet who asked, "Why are you following the gods of other nations that couldn't save their people from you?"
2 Chronicles 25:16 As he spoke with him, the king asked, "Are you part of the king's advisors? Stop; why should you get hurt?" So the prophet stopped and said, "I know that God plans to destroy you because you did this and didn't listen to my advice."
2 Chronicles 25:17 Amaziah, the king of Judah, asked for advice and sent a message to Joash, Jehoahaz's son and Jehu's grandson, who was the king of Israel, saying, "Come, let's meet face to face."
2 Chronicles 25:18 Joash, king of Israel, messaged Amaziah, king of Judah, "A thistle in Lebanon told the cedar in Lebanon, 'Give your daughter to my son as his wife.' But a wild animal came by in Lebanon and stepped on the thistle."
2 Chronicles 25:19 You say, "Look, you have defeated the Edomites," and your pride leads you to brag. Stay at home now; why get involved in trouble and risk falling, you and Judah with you?
2 Chronicles 25:20 Amaziah would not listen, because it was God's plan to let their enemies defeat them, since they followed Edom's gods.
2 Chronicles 25:21 King Joash of Israel went up, and he met face to face with King Amaziah of Judah at Bethshemesh, a city in Judah.
2 Chronicles 25:22 Judah was defeated by Israel, and everyone ran away to their own tent.
2 Chronicles 25:23 King Joash of Israel captured Amaziah, king of Judah, at Bethshemesh, and took him to Jerusalem. There, he destroyed a section of Jerusalem's wall, from Ephraim Gate to Corner Gate, measuring 400 cubits.
2 Chronicles 25:24 He took all the gold, silver, and everything found in God's house with Obededom, the king's treasures, the hostages too, and went back to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 25:25 Amaziah, son of Joash the king of Judah, lived 15 years after Joash, son of Jehoahaz the king of Israel, died.
2 Chronicles 25:26 The other things Amaziah did, from start to end, are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel, aren't they?
2 Chronicles 25:27 After Amaziah stopped following God, people in Jerusalem plotted against him; so he escaped to Lachish. But they followed him there and killed him.
2 Chronicles 25:28 They brought him on horses and buried him with his ancestors in the city of Judah.

2 Chronicles 26:1 Then all the people of Judah chose Uzziah, who was sixteen, to be king after his father Amaziah.
2 Chronicles 26:2 He built Eloth and gave it back to Judah after the king died.
2 Chronicles 26:3 Uzziah was sixteen when he became king, and he ruled for fifty-two years in Jerusalem. His mother was named Jecoliah from Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 26:4 He did what was good in God's eyes, just like his father Amaziah did.
2 Chronicles 26:5 He looked for God in Zechariah's time, who knew a lot about God's visions: and while he looked for God, God helped him succeed.
2 Chronicles 26:6 He went out to fight the Philistines, destroyed the walls of Gath, Jabneh, and Ashdod, and built cities around Ashdod and in Philistine territory.
2 Chronicles 26:7 God helped him fight the Philistines, the Arabians living in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.
2 Chronicles 26:8 The Ammonites presented gifts to Uzziah, and his fame reached as far as Egypt because he became very powerful.
2 Chronicles 26:9 Uzziah also built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, at the valley gate, and where the wall bends, and made them strong.
2 Chronicles 26:10 He also built towers in the desert and dug many wells because he had lots of cattle in the lowlands and on the plains. There were farmers and grape growers in the mountains and in Carmel because he liked farming.
2 Chronicles 26:11 Uzziah had an army of soldiers who went to battle in groups. Their numbers were counted by the writer Jeiel and the officer Maaseiah, and they were led by Hananiah, one of the king's captains.
2 Chronicles 26:12 The total number of leading fathers of the brave warriors was two thousand six hundred.
2 Chronicles 26:13 They had an army of three hundred and seven thousand five hundred soldiers with strong fighting power to support the king against his enemies.
2 Chronicles 26:14 Uzziah gave all the soldiers shields, spears, helmets, armor, bows, and slingshots for throwing stones.
2 Chronicles 26:15 In Jerusalem, he built machines designed by skilled people to be placed on the towers and walls to fire arrows and large rocks. His fame grew widely because he received amazing help until he became powerful.
2 Chronicles 26:16 When he became powerful, he grew proud, which led to his downfall. He disobeyed God and entered God's temple to burn incense on the incense altar.
2 Chronicles 26:17 Priest Azariah and eighty brave priests of God went in after him.
2 Chronicles 26:18 They stood up to King Uzziah and told him, "It's not your job, Uzziah, to burn incense to God, but it is the job of Aaron's priest sons who are set apart for this task: leave the holy place; you have broken the rules and it won't bring you honor from God."
2 Chronicles 26:19 Uzziah got angry, holding an incense burner to offer incense. While he was angry with the priests, leprosy broke out on his forehead in front of them in God's house, by the incense altar.
2 Chronicles 26:20 Azariah the head priest and all the priests saw that he had leprosy on his forehead, so they quickly pushed him out. He also hurried to leave because God had struck him with the disease.
2 Chronicles 26:21 King Uzziah had leprosy until he died. He lived in a separate house because of his leprosy and was not allowed in God's house. His son Jotham took charge of the palace and ruled the land.
2 Chronicles 26:22 Isaiah the prophet, Amoz's son, wrote about all of Uzziah's deeds, from beginning to end.
2 Chronicles 26:23 Uzziah died and was buried with his ancestors in the kings' burial field because he had leprosy. His son Jotham became king after him.

2 Chronicles 27:1 Jotham was 25 years old when he became king, and he ruled for 16 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Jerushah, and she was the daughter of Zadok.
2 Chronicles 27:2 He did what was right in God's eyes, just like his father Uzziah did, but he didn't go into God's temple. Yet the people still acted wrongly.
2 Chronicles 27:3 He built the tall gate for God's house, and on the Ophel wall he built a lot.
2 Chronicles 27:4 He also built towns in the hills of Judah, and in the woods he constructed strongholds and towers.
2 Chronicles 27:5 He also battled the king of the Ammonites and defeated them. That year, the Ammonites gave him a hundred talents of silver, ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. The Ammonites paid him the same amounts in the second and third years too.
2 Chronicles 27:6 Jotham grew strong because he lived rightly before God.
2 Chronicles 27:7 The other things Jotham did, his wars, and his life are all written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
2 Chronicles 27:8 He was twenty-five years old when he started to rule, and he ruled for sixteen years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 27:9 Jotham died and was buried with his ancestors in the city of David. Then his son Ahaz became king.

2 Chronicles 28:1 Ahaz was twenty when he became king, and he ruled for sixteen years in Jerusalem. However, he did not do what was right in God's eyes, unlike his ancestor David.
2 Chronicles 28:2 He followed the paths of Israel's kings, and also made metal idols for Baals.
2 Chronicles 28:3 He also burned incense in the Valley of Ben Hinnom and burned his children in the fire, following the shameful practices of the nations that God had driven out before the Israelites.
2 Chronicles 28:4 He also made sacrifices and burned incense on the high places, on the hills, and under every green tree.
2 Chronicles 28:5 So, God handed him over to the king of Syria; they beat him, took many of his people as prisoners, and brought them to Damascus. He was also given into the hands of the king of Israel, who defeated him with heavy losses.
2 Chronicles 28:6 Pekah, son of Remaliah, killed 120,000 brave men in Judah in one day because they abandoned the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 28:7 Zichri, a strong man from Ephraim, killed Maaseiah the king's son, Azrikam the house leader, and Elkanah who was close to the king.
2 Chronicles 28:8 The Israelites captured 200,000 of their own people, including women and children, took a lot of their possessions, and brought them to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 28:9 A prophet named Oded was there. He met the army going to Samaria and said, "Look, God was angry with Judah, so he let you defeat them. But you killed them in such anger that it has reached heaven."
2 Chronicles 28:10 You plan to make the people of Judah and Jerusalem your slaves. But aren't you also guilty of sins against God?
2 Chronicles 28:11 Listen to me now and return the prisoners you have taken from your relatives, because God is very angry with you.
2 Chronicles 28:12 Some leaders from the Ephraim family, Azariah son of Johanan, Berechiah son of Meshillemoth, Jehizkiah son of Shallum, and Amasa son of Hadlai, stood up against the soldiers returning from battle.
2 Chronicles 28:13 He told them, "Do not bring the prisoners here because we have already sinned against God, and you plan to make us sin more and do wrong. Our wrongdoing is serious, and there is strong anger towards Israel."
2 Chronicles 28:14 The soldiers let go of the prisoners and the loot in front of the leaders and all the people.
2 Chronicles 28:15 The men who were named stood up, took the prisoners, and used the loot to dress all the naked ones among them. They gave them clothes, shoes, food, and drink, and put oil on their wounds. They put all the weak ones on donkeys and took them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their own people, and then they went back to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 28:16 At that time, King Ahaz asked the kings of Assyria for help.
2 Chronicles 28:17 The Edomites attacked Judah again, defeated them, and took prisoners.
2 Chronicles 28:18 The Philistines attacked and took over the towns in the lowlands and in the southern part of Judah. They captured Bethshemesh, Ajalon, Gederoth, Shocho and their surrounding villages, as well as Timnah, Gimzo and their villages, and then lived there.
2 Chronicles 28:19 God made Judah weak because of Ahaz king of Israel; Ahaz caused great shame to Judah and greatly disobeyed God.
2 Chronicles 28:20 The king of Assyria, Tilgath-pilneser, came to him and caused him trouble, but did not help him.
2 Chronicles 28:21 Ahaz took some things from God's house, the king's house, and the princes' houses and gave them to the king of Assyria, but it did not help him.
2 Chronicles 28:22 During his hard times, he sinned even more against God: this was King Ahaz.
2 Chronicles 28:23 He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him. He thought, "Since the gods of the Syrian kings aid them, I will sacrifice to them so they might help me." But those gods caused his downfall and that of all Israel.
2 Chronicles 28:24 Ahaz collected God's house items, broke them, closed God's house doors, and made altars in all parts of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 28:25 In each city of Judah, he built high places to burn incense to other gods, making God, the God of his ancestors, angry.
2 Chronicles 28:26 The other things he did and all his actions, from beginning to end, are recorded in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 28:27 Ahaz died and was buried in Jerusalem, but not in the royal tombs, and his son Hezekiah became king after him.

2 Chronicles 29:1 Hezekiah became king at the age of twenty-five and ruled for twenty-nine years in Jerusalem. His mother was named Abijah, and her father was Zechariah.
2 Chronicles 29:2 He did what was right in God's eyes, just as his father David had done.
2 Chronicles 29:3 In the first year and month of his rule, he opened the doors of God's house and fixed them.
2 Chronicles 29:4 He brought the priests and the Levites together on the east street.
2 Chronicles 29:5 Listen to me, Levites. Make yourselves pure and clean God's temple, the one your forefathers used. Remove the uncleanness from the holy place.
2 Chronicles 29:6 Our ancestors did wrong and acted badly before God. They left Him and turned away from where God lives, showing Him their backs.
2 Chronicles 29:7 They also closed the doors of the entrance, turned off the lights, did not burn incense or make sacrifices in the sacred place for the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:8 God was angry with Judah and Jerusalem, so he let them face trouble, shock, and scorn, as you can see with your own eyes.
2 Chronicles 29:9 Our ancestors were killed in battle, and now our children, daughters, and wives are prisoners because of this.
2 Chronicles 29:10 I want to make a promise with God, the God of Israel, so his strong anger will turn away from us.
2 Chronicles 29:11 My sons, don't be careless now: God has chosen you to stand before Him, to serve Him, and to help Him, and to burn incense.
2 Chronicles 29:12 The Levites stood up: Mahath, Amasai's son, and Joel, Azariah's son from the Kohath family; Kish, Abdi's son, and Azariah, Jehalelel's son from the Merari family; and from the Gershon family, Joah, Zimmah's son, and Eden, Joah's son.
2 Chronicles 29:13 From Elizaphan's sons: Shimri and Jeiel. From Asaph's sons: Zechariah and Mattaniah.
2 Chronicles 29:14 Heman's sons were Jehiel and Shimei, and Jeduthun's sons were Shemaiah and Uzziel.
2 Chronicles 29:15 They brought their relatives together, made themselves holy, and followed the king's order and God's words to clean God's house.
2 Chronicles 29:16 The priests went into the most holy place of God's house to clean it, and they took out all the dirtiness they found in God's temple into the yard of God's house. Then the Levites carried it away to throw it into the Kidron Valley.
2 Chronicles 29:17 They started to make holy on the first day of the first month, and by the eighth day they reached God's porch. They made God's house holy in eight days, and finished on the sixteenth day of the first month.
2 Chronicles 29:18 Then they went to King Hezekiah and said, "We have cleaned the whole temple of God, including the altar for burning offerings and all its equipment, and the table for the holy bread and all its equipment."
2 Chronicles 29:19 We have fixed and made holy all the items that King Ahaz threw away when he sinned, and now they are in front of God's altar.
2 Chronicles 29:20 King Hezekiah got up early, brought together the city leaders, and went to God's house.
2 Chronicles 29:21 They brought seven bulls, seven rams, seven lambs, and seven male goats to be a sin offering for the kingdom, the holy place, and for Judah. He told the priests, Aaron's sons, to sacrifice them on God's altar.
2 Chronicles 29:22 They killed the bulls, and the priests took the blood and splashed it on the altar. In the same way, after they killed the rams, they splashed the blood on the altar. They also killed the lambs and splashed the blood on the altar.
2 Chronicles 29:23 They presented the male goats for the sin offering to the king and the people, and they placed their hands on them.
2 Chronicles 29:24 The priests slaughtered them and used their blood on the altar to make peace with God, to forgive all of Israel's sins, because the king had ordered that sacrifices be made for all Israel's wrongs.
2 Chronicles 29:25 He placed the Levites in God's house with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, as David, Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet had ordered, following God's command through his prophets.
2 Chronicles 29:26 The Levites stood with David's instruments and the priests with the trumpets.
2 Chronicles 29:27 Hezekiah ordered the burnt offering to be presented on the altar. As the offering started, the song to God started too, along with trumpets and instruments chosen by King David of Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:28 The whole group worshiped, the singers sang, and the trumpet players played until the burnt offering was done.
2 Chronicles 29:29 After they finished offering, the king and everyone with him knelt down and worshiped.
2 Chronicles 29:30 King Hezekiah and the leaders told the Levites to use the songs of David and the prophet Asaph to praise God. So they sang happily and bowed down to worship.
2 Chronicles 29:31 Hezekiah replied, "Now that you have dedicated yourselves to God, come and bring sacrifices and thanks to God's house." The people brought sacrifices and thanks, and those who wanted to gave burnt offerings.
2 Chronicles 29:32 The people gave 70 bulls, 100 rams, and 200 lambs to be burned as offerings to God.
2 Chronicles 29:33 The holy offerings were six hundred cows and three thousand sheep.
2 Chronicles 29:34 But there weren't enough priests to skin all the burnt offerings, so their fellow Levites helped them until the job was done and until the other priests had made themselves holy; because the Levites were more committed to making themselves holy than the priests.
2 Chronicles 29:35 There were many burnt offerings, along with the fat from the offerings for well-being, and the liquid offerings for each burnt offering. So the work for God's house was organized.
2 Chronicles 29:36 Hezekiah and all the people were happy because God made the people ready; it all happened quickly.

2 Chronicles 30:1 Hezekiah sent messages to all of Israel and Judah, and also wrote letters to Ephraim and Manasseh, inviting them to come to God's house in Jerusalem to celebrate the Passover for the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 30:2 The king, his leaders, and everyone in Jerusalem decided to celebrate Passover in the second month.
2 Chronicles 30:3 They couldn't do it then because the priests weren't properly prepared, and the people hadn't come together in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 30:4 The king and everyone else liked the idea.
2 Chronicles 30:5 They made a rule to announce to all Israel, from Beersheba to Dan, that they should come to celebrate the Passover for the God of Israel in Jerusalem, because they hadn't done so properly in a long time as it was supposed to be done.
2 Chronicles 30:6 So the messengers went with the letters from the king and his leaders to all of Israel and Judah. The king commanded, "People of Israel, come back to the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and He will come back to those of you who have escaped from the Assyrian kings."
2 Chronicles 30:7 Do not be like your ancestors and your relatives who sinned against God, who then let their land be ruined, as you can see.
2 Chronicles 30:8 Don't be stubborn like your ancestors, but submit to God and go into his holy place that he has made holy forever: and serve God, so that his intense anger might turn away from you.
2 Chronicles 30:9 If you turn back to God, your relatives and children will receive kindness from their captors, allowing them to return to this land; because God is kind and compassionate, and will not ignore you if you come back to Him.
2 Chronicles 30:10 The messengers went from town to town through the land of Ephraim and Manasseh, and on to Zebulun, but the people laughed at and mocked them.
2 Chronicles 30:11 Some people from Asher, Manasseh, and Zebulun became humble and went to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 30:12 In Judah, God worked to give them unity in following the king's and leaders' orders, as God directed.
2 Chronicles 30:13 Many people gathered in Jerusalem to celebrate the Feast of Unleavened Bread in the second month, forming a huge crowd.
2 Chronicles 30:14 They got up, removed the altars in Jerusalem, took away all the incense altars, and threw them into the Kidron Valley.
2 Chronicles 30:15 They sacrificed the Passover lamb on the fourteenth day of the second month; the priests and Levites felt ashamed, made themselves holy, and brought the burnt offerings into God's house.
2 Chronicles 30:16 They stood where they should, following Moses's law, as God's servant. The priests threw the blood they got from the Levites.
2 Chronicles 30:17 Many people in the group were not holy, so the Levites were responsible for slaughtering the Passover animals for anyone not clean, to make them holy for God.
2 Chronicles 30:18 Many people from Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun hadn't purified themselves, but still ate the Passover in a different way than prescribed. However, Hezekiah prayed for them, saying, "May God forgive everyone."
2 Chronicles 30:19 He gets his heart ready to look for God, the God of his ancestors, even if he is not clean by the rules of the holy place.
2 Chronicles 30:20 God listened to Hezekiah and healed the people.
2 Chronicles 30:21 The Israelites in Jerusalem celebrated the feast of unleavened bread for seven days with much happiness, and the Levites and priests praised God every day, singing loudly with instruments to God.
2 Chronicles 30:22 Hezekiah spoke kindly to all the Levites who taught about God, and they ate for seven days during the feast, giving peace offerings and confessing to the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 30:23 The entire group decided to celebrate for another seven days, and they joyfully did so for another seven days.
2 Chronicles 30:24 King Hezekiah of Judah gave the people one thousand bulls and seven thousand sheep; the leaders gave one thousand bulls and ten thousand sheep; and many priests made themselves pure.
2 Chronicles 30:25 The whole group from Judah, along with the priests, the Levites, everyone from Israel, and the foreigners who lived in Judah, were very happy.
2 Chronicles 30:26 Jerusalem was filled with great happiness like it had not experienced since Solomon, David's son and king of Israel, was alive.
2 Chronicles 30:27 The Levite priests stood up, blessed the people, and their voices were heard; their prayer reached God's holy home in heaven.

2 Chronicles 31:1 After finishing this, all the Israelites there went to the towns of Judah, smashed the idols, cut down the sacred trees, and destroyed the high places and altars throughout Judah and Benjamin, and in Ephraim and Manasseh, until they had completely removed them. Then all the Israelites went back to their own cities and property.
2 Chronicles 31:2 Hezekiah organized the priests and Levites by their duties, each person according to their work, for burnt and peace offerings, to serve, give thanks, and praise at the entrance of God's tent.
2 Chronicles 31:3 He also set aside part of his own goods for the burn offerings that included the morning and evening ones, as well as those for the sabbaths, new moons, and special festivals, as written in God's law.
2 Chronicles 31:4 He also told the people living in Jerusalem to give a share to the priests and Levites, so they would be motivated to follow God's law.
2 Chronicles 31:5 As soon as the order spread, the people of Israel gave plenty of their first crops of grain, wine, oil, and honey, and all the field's produce; they also brought a tenth of everything in large amounts.
2 Chronicles 31:6 About the people of Israel and Judah living in Judah's cities, they too brought a tenth of their cows and sheep, and a tenth of sacred items set apart for God, and stacked them up.
2 Chronicles 31:7 In the third month they started to make the piles, and in the seventh month they finished them.
2 Chronicles 31:8 When Hezekiah and the leaders saw the piles, they praised God and His people Israel.
2 Chronicles 31:9 Then Hezekiah talked with the priests and the Levites about the piles.
2 Chronicles 31:10 Azariah, the main priest from Zadok's family, replied, "Ever since the people started bringing gifts to God's house, we have had more than enough food and plenty left over. God has blessed his people, and the extra we have is this large amount."
2 Chronicles 31:11 Hezekiah ordered rooms to be made ready in God's house; and they were prepared.
2 Chronicles 31:12 They faithfully brought the offerings, the tithes, and the holy items. Cononiah the Levite was in charge, with his brother Shimei as his assistant.
2 Chronicles 31:13 Jehiel, Azaziah, Nahath, Asahel, Jerimoth, Jozabad, Eliel, Ismachiah, Mahath, and Benaiah were supervisors working for Cononiah and his brother Shimei, following orders from King Hezekiah and Azariah, the leader of God's house.
2 Chronicles 31:14 Kore, Imnah's son and a Levite gatekeeper from the east, was in charge of the voluntary gifts for God, to hand out God's offerings and the very holy items.
2 Chronicles 31:15 Next to him were Eden, Miniamin, Jeshua, Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah. They were in the towns of the priests, in their assigned duties, giving to their fellow priests in groups, to both the important and the less important.
2 Chronicles 31:16 In their list of men, from three years old and up, every one serving at God's house got their daily share of work according to their team's duties.
2 Chronicles 31:17 The list included priests by their family lines, and Levites 20 years old and older according to their duties and groups.
2 Chronicles 31:18 They listed everyone: their children, wives, sons, and daughters, in the whole community. They dedicated themselves to their special duties with holiness.
2 Chronicles 31:19 From Aaron's sons, the priests in the fields outside their cities, each city had men named to give shares to all male priests and to all Levites listed in family records.
2 Chronicles 31:20 Hezekiah did good, right, and true things for God in all of Judah.
2 Chronicles 31:21 In all the work he started serving God's house, in following the law and commands, he looked for God with all his heart and succeeded.

2 Chronicles 32:1 After this, Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, arrived. He entered Judah, surrounded the fortified cities, and planned to conquer them.
2 Chronicles 32:2 When Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib had come and intended to attack Jerusalem,
2 Chronicles 32:3 He made a plan with his leaders and strong men to block the water from the springs outside the city, and they helped him.
2 Chronicles 32:4 Many people came together and they blocked all the springs and the stream that flowed through the land, asking, "Why should the kings of Assyria arrive and find plenty of water?"
2 Chronicles 32:5 He made himself strong, fixed the broken wall, built it higher to the towers, added another wall outside, fixed Millo in David's city, and made lots of darts and shields.
2 Chronicles 32:6 He appointed military leaders over the people, brought them to him at the city gate's entrance, and spoke encouraging words to them, saying,
2 Chronicles 32:7 Be brave and strong, don't be scared or upset because of the king of Assyria or the big crowd with him; we have more on our side than he does.
2 Chronicles 32:8 He has only human power, but we have God to help us and to fight our battles. And the people relied on what Hezekiah, the king of Judah, said.
2 Chronicles 32:9 After this, Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, sent his servants to Jerusalem while he was attacking Lachish with all his army. They went to Hezekiah, the king of Judah, and to all the people in Jerusalem, and said,
2 Chronicles 32:10 Sennacherib, king of Assyria, says, "What are you trusting in that makes you stay in Jerusalem under siege?"
2 Chronicles 32:11 Isn't Hezekiah convincing you to let yourselves die from hunger and thirst by saying, "God will save us from the king of Assyria"?
2 Chronicles 32:12 Didn't Hezekiah remove his high places and altars, and order Judah and Jerusalem to worship at only one altar and burn incense on it?
2 Chronicles 32:13 Don't you know what I and my ancestors did to all the people of other countries? Could the gods of those countries save their lands from me?
2 Chronicles 32:14 Which god of the nations that my ancestors destroyed could save their people from me, so that your God could save you from me?
2 Chronicles 32:15 So now, don't let Hezekiah trick you or convince you like this. Don't believe him. No god of any nation or kingdom could save their people from my power, or the power of my ancestors. How can your God rescue you from me?
2 Chronicles 32:16 His servants spoke even more against God and against His servant Hezekiah.
2 Chronicles 32:17 He also wrote letters to insult God and to speak against Him, saying, “Just like the gods of other countries did not save their people from me, so Hezekiah's God will not save His people from me.”
2 Chronicles 32:18 They shouted in the Jewish language at the people on Jerusalem's wall to scare them and make them anxious, so they could capture the city.
2 Chronicles 32:19 They spoke against the God of Jerusalem like they did against the earthly people's gods, which were made by human hands.
2 Chronicles 32:20 King Hezekiah and the prophet Isaiah, Amoz's son, prayed and called out to God.
2 Chronicles 32:21 God sent an angel who killed all the brave warriors, the leaders, and the commanders in the Assyrian king's camp. So the king went back home feeling ashamed. And when he entered his god's temple, his own sons killed him with a sword.
2 Chronicles 32:22 So God saved Hezekiah and the people of Jerusalem from the power of Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, and from all others, and took care of them on every side.
2 Chronicles 32:23 Many people brought gifts to God in Jerusalem, and presents to King Hezekiah of Judah, making him honored in the eyes of all nations from then on.
2 Chronicles 32:24 During that time, Hezekiah was very sick. He prayed to God, and God spoke to him and showed him a sign.
2 Chronicles 32:25 But Hezekiah did not repay the kindness shown to him, for he became proud. So anger came upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 32:26 Despite his pride, Hezekiah humbled himself and so did the people of Jerusalem, so God's anger did not come on them during Hezekiah's time.
2 Chronicles 32:27 Hezekiah had a lot of wealth and honor. He built storage places for silver, gold, precious stones, spices, shields, and all kinds of valuable items.
2 Chronicles 32:28 Storage buildings for extra grain, wine, and oil; pens for all kinds of animals, and shelters for flocks.
2 Chronicles 32:29 He also gave him towns and many sheep and cattle, because God had blessed him with great wealth.
2 Chronicles 32:30 Hezekiah also blocked the upper flow of Gihon's water and directed it straight to the west side of David's city, and he succeeded in all he did.
2 Chronicles 32:31 However, during the time of the messengers from the rulers of Babylon, who came to him to ask about the miracle that happened in the country, God allowed him to be tested to see what was truly in his heart.
2 Chronicles 32:32 The other things Hezekiah did and his kind acts are recorded in Isaiah the prophet's vision, Isaiah being Amoz's son, and in the history book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 32:33 Hezekiah died like his ancestors, and they buried him in the best tomb of David's descendants. All of Judah and the people of Jerusalem honored him when he died. Then his son Manasseh became king.

2 Chronicles 33:1 Manasseh was twelve years old when he became king, and he ruled for fifty-five years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 33:2 But did what was bad in God's eyes, just like the horrible things the non-Israelites did, whom God had driven out before the Israelites.
2 Chronicles 33:3 He rebuilt the worship places his father Hezekiah had destroyed, set up altars for Baal, made sacred gardens, and bowed to the stars of the sky, serving them.
2 Chronicles 33:4 He also made places to worship in God's house, where God had said, "My name will always be in Jerusalem."
2 Chronicles 33:5 He made altars for all the heavenly bodies in the two yards of God's house.
2 Chronicles 33:6 He made his children go through fire in Hinnom's valley, practiced fortune-telling, used magic, did witchcraft, and talked to spirits and sorcerers. He did a lot of bad things that made God very angry.
2 Chronicles 33:7 He placed a carved idol, which he made, in God's house, where God told David and Solomon, "In this house and in Jerusalem, which I chose from all Israel's tribes, my name will remain forever."
2 Chronicles 33:8 I will not make Israel leave the land I gave to your ancestors again, if they follow all my commands, laws, and rules given through Moses.
2 Chronicles 33:9 Manasseh led Judah and the people of Jerusalem to make bigger mistakes than the nations God had removed before the Israelites.
2 Chronicles 33:10 God spoke to Manasseh and his people, but they did not listen.
2 Chronicles 33:11 So God let the commanders of the Assyrian king's army come, who captured Manasseh in the bushes, tied him up with chains, and took him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 33:12 When he suffered, he asked God for help and humbled himself a lot before the God of his ancestors.
2 Chronicles 33:13 He prayed to God, and God listened to him, heard his plea, and brought him back to his own kingdom in Jerusalem. Then Manasseh understood that God was the true God.
2 Chronicles 33:14 After this, he built a wall outside the city of David, west of Gihon in the valley, up to the Fish Gate entrance, around Ophel, making it very tall, and placed military leaders in all of Judah's fortified cities.
2 Chronicles 33:15 He removed the foreign gods and the idol from God's house, and all the altars that he had built on the hill of God's house, and in Jerusalem, and threw them out of the city.
2 Chronicles 33:16 He fixed God's altar, offered peace and thank you sacrifices on it, and told Judah to worship the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:17 People still made sacrifices in the high places, but only to God.
2 Chronicles 33:18 The other things Manasseh did, his prayer to God, and what the prophets told him in God's name are written in the book of the kings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:19 His prayer, how God listened to him, all his sins, his wrongdoing, and the spots where he made worship sites, and put up wooded areas and carved idols, before he became humble: look, they are recorded in the prophets' writings.
2 Chronicles 33:20 Manasseh died and was buried in his own home; then his son Amon became king after him.
2 Chronicles 33:21 Amon was 22 years old when he became king, and he ruled for two years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 33:22 But he did evil things that God didn't like, just like his father Manasseh: Amon worshiped all the idols his father Manasseh had made, and followed them.
2 Chronicles 33:23 He did not humble himself before God, unlike his father Manasseh; instead, Amon kept sinning even more.
2 Chronicles 33:24 His servants plotted against him and killed him in his house.
2 Chronicles 33:25 The people of the land killed all who plotted against King Amon, and they made his son Josiah the new king.

2 Chronicles 34:1 Josiah was eight years old when he became king, and he ruled in Jerusalem for thirty-one years.
2 Chronicles 34:2 He did what was good in God's eyes and followed the path of his ancestor David, without turning to the right or to the left.
2 Chronicles 34:3 In the eighth year of being king, when he was still young, he started to look for the God of his ancestor David. By the twelfth year, he started to clean Judah and Jerusalem of the hill shrines, sacred trees, carved idols, and metal gods.
2 Chronicles 34:4 They destroyed the altars of Baal in front of him, and the statues that were high up, he chopped down; also the sacred poles, the engraved idols, and the cast idols, he smashed into pieces and turned into dust, and scattered the dust on the graves of those who had worshiped them.
2 Chronicles 34:5 He burned the priests' bones on their altars and purified Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:6 He did the same in the towns of Manasseh, Ephraim, Simeon, and even Naphtali, using their tools all around.
2 Chronicles 34:7 After he destroyed the altars and sacred poles, smashed the carved images into dust, and chopped down all the idols all over Israel, he went back to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:8 Now in the eighteenth year of his rule, after he cleaned the country and the temple, he sent Shaphan, Azaliah's son, Maaseiah, the city's leader, and Joah, Joahaz's son, the historian, to fix God's temple.
2 Chronicles 34:9 When they arrived at High Priest Hilkiah's, they gave him the money that was collected at God's house. The doorkeepers, who were Levites, had collected it from the people of Manasseh, Ephraim, the rest of Israel, and from everyone in Judah and Benjamin. Then they went back to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:10 They gave it to the workers in charge of God's house, and they paid the workers who repaired and fixed God's house.
2 Chronicles 34:11 They gave it to the craftsmen and builders to buy cut stones and timber for joining, and to repair the houses that the Judah kings had ruined.
2 Chronicles 34:12 The men worked with trust, and Jahath and Obadiah, Levites from Merari's family, with Zechariah and Meshullam, from the Kohathites, led them. The Levites who were skilled in music also helped.
2 Chronicles 34:13 They were also in charge of the laborers and supervised everyone working in any service. Among the Levites, there were secretaries, officials, and gatekeepers.
2 Chronicles 34:14 When they took out the money that was brought into God's house, the priest Hilkiah found a book of God's law given by Moses.
2 Chronicles 34:15 Hilkiah replied to Shaphan the writer, "I have found the law book in God's house." Then Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan.
2 Chronicles 34:16 Shaphan took the book to the king, and told him, "Your servants are doing everything they were told to do."
2 Chronicles 34:17 They collected the money found in God's house and gave it to the managers and the workers.
2 Chronicles 34:18 Then Shaphan the writer told the king, "Hilkiah the priest has given me a book." And Shaphan read it to the king.
2 Chronicles 34:19 When the king heard the words of the law, he tore his clothes.
2 Chronicles 34:20 The king told Hilkiah, Ahikam son of Shaphan, Abdon son of Micah, Shaphan the secretary, and Asaiah, the king's servant:
2 Chronicles 34:21 Go, ask God for me, and for those who remain in Israel and Judah, about the messages in the found book: for God's anger is great against us, because our ancestors did not follow God's commands written in this book.
2 Chronicles 34:22 Hilkiah and the men the king chose went to Huldah the prophetess, Shallum's wife, who was Tikvath's grandson and the son of Hasrah who took care of clothes. She lived in Jerusalem at the school, and they talked to her about this.
2 Chronicles 34:23 She replied to them, "This is what God of Israel says: Tell the man who sent you to me,
2 Chronicles 34:24 God says, "I will bring trouble to this place and to everyone living here, all the bad things written in the book they read to the king of Judah."
2 Chronicles 34:25 Because they have left me and worshiped other gods, making me angry with what they have done, my anger will be poured out on this place and will not be stopped.
2 Chronicles 34:26 Regarding the king of Judah who told you to ask God, this is what you should say to him: This is what God of Israel says about what you heard.
2 Chronicles 34:27 Because your heart was soft, and you humbled yourself before God when you heard his words about this place and its people, and you humbled yourself before me, tore your clothes, and cried before me; I have heard you too, says God.
2 Chronicles 34:28 Look, I will take you to your ancestors, and you will be buried in peace. Your eyes will not see all the bad things I will bring on this place and its people. Then they told the king what was said.
2 Chronicles 34:29 The king sent for and brought together all the leaders of Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:30 The king went to God's house with all the men of Judah, the people of Jerusalem, the priests, the Levites, and everyone else, both important and not. He read to them every word from the book of the promise found in God's house.
2 Chronicles 34:31 The king stood where he was and promised before God to follow God, to obey His commands, His teachings, and His laws with all his heart and soul, and to do what the agreement written in this book says.
2 Chronicles 34:32 He made everyone in Jerusalem and Benjamin agree to it. The people of Jerusalem followed God's agreement, the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 34:33 Josiah removed all the bad things from the lands of the Israelites and had everyone in Israel serve God. During his life, they continued to follow God, the God of their ancestors.

2 Chronicles 35:1 Josiah celebrated Passover for God in Jerusalem, and they sacrificed the Passover lamb on the fourteenth day of the first month.
2 Chronicles 35:2 He placed the priests in their duties and motivated them to serve in God's house.
2 Chronicles 35:3 He told the Levites, who taught all Israel and were dedicated to God, "Place the sacred chest in the temple that Solomon, son of David, king of Israel, built. Do not carry it on your shoulders. Now serve God and his people Israel."
2 Chronicles 35:4 Get ready by your family homes, as set by your groups, following King David of Israel's instructions, and those of his son Solomon.
2 Chronicles 35:5 Stand in the sacred area organized by the groups of your brothers' ancestral families and in the order of the Levite families.
2 Chronicles 35:6 Prepare the Passover lamb, make yourselves holy, and get your brothers ready so they can follow God's instructions given through Moses.
2 Chronicles 35:7 Josiah gave the people 30,000 lambs and young goats, and 3,000 bulls for the Passover sacrifices. All these animals were from the king's own resources.
2 Chronicles 35:8 His leaders freely gave gifts to the people, priests, and Levites. Hilkiah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, who were in charge of God's house, gave the priests two thousand six hundred sheep and goats and three hundred cattle for the Passover sacrifices.
2 Chronicles 35:9 Conaniah, Shemaiah, Nethaneel, and their brothers, along with Hashabiah, Jeiel, and Jozabad, who were leaders of the Levites, gave the Levites five thousand sheep and goats, and five hundred cows for the Passover sacrifices.
2 Chronicles 35:10 The service was ready, and the priests stood in their spots, and the Levites in their groups, as the king ordered.
2 Chronicles 35:11 They sacrificed the Passover lamb, and the priests threw the blood with their hands, and the Levites skinned the animals.
2 Chronicles 35:12 They took away the burnt offerings to give them out by the families of the people for God, as written in Moses' book. They did the same with the oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:13 They cooked the Passover lamb with fire as the rule says. They boiled the other sacred offerings in pots, kettles, and pans and quickly shared them with everyone.
2 Chronicles 35:14 Later, they got ready for themselves and for the priests, since the priests, Aaron's sons, were busy with burnt offerings and fat until evening; so the Levites made preparations for themselves and for Aaron's sons, the priests.
2 Chronicles 35:15 The singers, Asaph's sons, were in their spots, following David's, Asaph's, Heman's, and Jeduthun's orders, the king's prophet, and the gatekeepers stayed at each gate. They couldn't leave their job because their fellow Levites set up for them.
2 Chronicles 35:16 All the work for God was ready on that day, to celebrate Passover and to give burnt offerings on God's altar, as King Josiah had ordered.
2 Chronicles 35:17 The Israelites there celebrated Passover and the Feast of Unleavened Bread for seven days.
2 Chronicles 35:18 There had never been a Passover like the one celebrated in Israel since the time of Samuel the prophet; none of the kings of Israel had ever observed a Passover like the one Josiah, the priests, the Levites, and all the people from Judah and Israel who were there, along with the people of Jerusalem, did.
2 Chronicles 35:19 In Josiah's eighteenth year as king, this Passover was observed.
2 Chronicles 35:20 After doing all this, when Josiah had fixed the temple, Necho the king of Egypt came to battle at Charchemish by the Euphrates river, and Josiah went out to face him.
2 Chronicles 35:21 He sent messengers to him, asking, "Why should I conflict with you, king of Judah? I'm not here to fight you today, but to battle another house I'm at war with, because God told me to hurry. Don't interfere with God who is with me, so you won't be destroyed."
2 Chronicles 35:22 Josiah wouldn't stop going after him but disguised himself to fight him, ignoring what Necho said were God's words, and went to battle in Megiddo valley.
2 Chronicles 35:23 The archers hit King Josiah with arrows. The king told his servants, "Take me away; I am badly hurt."
2 Chronicles 35:24 So his servants took him from his chariot, placed him in his other chariot, then took him to Jerusalem where he died and was buried in his ancestors' tomb. All Judah and Jerusalem grieved for Josiah.
2 Chronicles 35:25 Jeremiah mourned for Josiah, and all the male and female singers talk about Josiah in their songs of sorrow even now. They turned this into a rule in Israel, and look, it's recorded in the songs of sorrow.
2 Chronicles 35:26 The other things Josiah did and his kind acts, following what is written in God's law,
2 Chronicles 35:27 His actions, from beginning to end, are recorded in the history book of Israel and Judah's kings.

2 Chronicles 36:1 The local people chose Jehoahaz, Josiah's son, and made him king in Jerusalem to replace his father.
2 Chronicles 36:2 Jehoahaz was 23 years old when he became king, and he ruled for three months in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:3 The king of Egypt overpowered him in Jerusalem and fined the country 100 talents of silver and one talent of gold.
2 Chronicles 36:4 The king of Egypt made Eliakim, who was his brother, the king of Judah and Jerusalem, and changed his name to Jehoiakim. Necho captured Jehoahaz, his brother, and took him to Egypt.
2 Chronicles 36:5 Jehoiakim was 25 years old when he became king, and he ruled for 11 years in Jerusalem. He did things that were evil in the eyes of God.
2 Chronicles 36:6 Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, attacked him, tied him up, and took him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:7 Nebuchadnezzar took the objects from God's house to Babylon and placed them in his temple there.
2 Chronicles 36:8 The other things Jehoiakim did, his bad acts, and what was discovered about him are recorded in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah; then his son Jehoiachin became king after him.
2 Chronicles 36:9 Jehoiachin was eight years old when he became king, and he ruled for three months and ten days in Jerusalem. He did things that God saw as bad.
2 Chronicles 36:10 When the year ended, King Nebuchadnezzar sent for him and took him to Babylon, along with the fine items from God's house, and appointed his brother Zedekiah as king over Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:11 Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he became king, and he ruled for eleven years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:12 He did what was bad in God’s eyes, and did not humble himself before Jeremiah the prophet, who spoke for God.
2 Chronicles 36:13 He also turned against King Nebuchadnezzar, even though he had promised by God to be loyal. He became stubborn and refused to return to the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 36:14 Furthermore, all the head priests and the people greatly sinned following the bad practices of other nations; and they defiled God's temple that he had made holy in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:15 God of their ancestors sent them messages through his messengers, early and often, because he cared for his people and his home.
2 Chronicles 36:16 They made fun of God's messengers, ignored his words, and mistreated his prophets, until God's anger grew against his people, and there was no way to fix it.
2 Chronicles 36:17 So God sent the king of the Chaldeans, who killed their young men with the sword in their holy place, and showed no mercy to young men or women, old people, or the very old; he handed them all over to him.
2 Chronicles 36:18 He took to Babylon all the items from God's house, both large and small, the house of God's treasures, and the wealth of the king and his leaders.
2 Chronicles 36:19 They burned God's house, broke down Jerusalem's wall, set all its palaces on fire, and ruined all its fine objects.
2 Chronicles 36:20 He took those who survived the sword to Babylon, where they served him and his sons until the Persian kingdom took over.
2 Chronicles 36:21 To complete what God said through Jeremiah, until the land had its rest: because while it was empty, it rested, until seventy years were completed.
2 Chronicles 36:22 In the first year of Cyrus, king of Persia, so Jeremiah's prophecy would come true, God inspired Cyrus to announce this throughout his kingdom and to write it down:
2 Chronicles 36:23 Cyrus, the king of Persia, says, "God, the ruler of heaven, has given me all the kingdoms of the world and has told me to build a house for him in Jerusalem, in Judah. Who among you belongs to his people? May God be with that person, and may he go up to Jerusalem."

Ezra 1:1 In the first year of Cyrus, king of Persia, to fulfill what God had said through Jeremiah, God moved Cyrus's heart to announce to his entire kingdom, and also to write down, saying,
Ezra 1:2 Cyrus, king of Persia, says, "God of heaven has given me all the kingdoms of the earth and has told me to build a house for him in Jerusalem, in Judah."
Ezra 1:3 Who among you is from his people? May their God be with them, and let them go to Jerusalem in Judah to build the temple of the God of Israel, which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:4 Anyone staying where they are visiting should be helped by the locals with money, gold, other items, and animals, in addition to the voluntary gifts for God's house in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:5 The leaders of the families of Judah and Benjamin, along with the priests and Levites, and all whose hearts God had moved, stood up to go and build God's temple in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:6 Everyone around them supported them by giving silver dishes, gold, goods, animals, and valuable items, in addition to all the voluntary gifts.
Ezra 1:7 King Cyrus gave back the items from God's house that Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem and placed in his own gods' temple.
Ezra 1:8 Cyrus, the king of Persia, had Mithredath the treasurer bring these out and count them for Sheshbazzar, the leader of Judah.
Ezra 1:9 Here is the count of them: thirty gold plates, one thousand silver plates, and twenty-nine knives.
Ezra 1:10 Thirty gold bowls, four hundred and ten silver bowls of another kind, and a thousand more objects.
Ezra 1:11 All the gold and silver containers totaled five thousand four hundred. Sheshbazzar brought them all with the exiles who were coming from Babylon to Jerusalem.

Ezra 2:1 These are the children from the province who returned from being captives when Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, took them to Babylon. They went back to Jerusalem and Judah, each to their own city.
Ezra 2:2 These people came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. This is how many men from Israel there were:
Ezra 2:3 The descendants of Parosh, two thousand one hundred seventy-two.
Ezra 2:4 Shephatiah's descendants, 372.
Ezra 2:5 The descendants of Arah, seven hundred and seventy-five.
Ezra 2:6 The descendants of Pahathmoab, from the line of Jeshua and Joab, numbered 2,812.
Ezra 2:7 Elam's children, one thousand two hundred fifty-four.
Ezra 2:8 Zattu's descendants, 945.
Ezra 2:9 Zaccai's descendants, seven hundred and sixty.
Ezra 2:10 The Bani family had 642 people.
Ezra 2:11 Bebai's descendants, six hundred twenty-three.
Ezra 2:12 The descendants of Azgad, 1,222.
Ezra 2:13 Adonikam's family had 666 people.
Ezra 2:14 Bigvai's descendants numbered two thousand fifty-six.
Ezra 2:15 Adin's descendants, four hundred fifty-four.
Ezra 2:16 The descendants of Ater, who was from Hezekiah's family, were ninety-eight in number.
Ezra 2:17 Bezai's descendants, three hundred and twenty-three.
Ezra 2:18 Jorah's descendants, 112.
Ezra 2:19 Hashum's descendants, two hundred and twenty-three.
Ezra 2:20 Ninety-five children of Gibbar.
Ezra 2:21 123 children from Bethlehem.
Ezra 2:22 Fifty-six men from Netophah.
Ezra 2:23 One hundred twenty-eight men from Anathoth.
Ezra 2:24 Azmaveth's children, forty-two.
Ezra 2:25 The people from Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth number 743.
Ezra 2:26 The people from Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty-one.
Ezra 2:27 122 men from Michmas.
Ezra 2:28 From Bethel and Ai came 223 men.
Ezra 2:29 The children of Nebo, fifty-two.
Ezra 2:30 One hundred and fifty-six people from Magbish.
Ezra 2:31 Elam's other descendants: 1,254.
Ezra 2:32 Harim's descendants, three hundred twenty.
Ezra 2:33 The people from Lod, Hadid, and Ono numbered seven hundred twenty-five.
Ezra 2:34 The people of Jericho, 345.
Ezra 2:35 The descendants of Senaah, three thousand six hundred thirty.
Ezra 2:36 The priests, the descendants of Jedaiah from Jeshua's family, were 973.
Ezra 2:37 The children of Immer, one thousand fifty-two.
Ezra 2:38 Pashur's children, 1,247.
Ezra 2:39 The descendants of Harim, one thousand and seventeen.
Ezra 2:40 The Levites: Jeshua and Kadmiel's family, from Hodaviah's descendants, 74 people.
Ezra 2:41 The singers: Asaph's descendants, 128 of them.
Ezra 2:42 The gatekeepers' children: Shallum's children, Ater's children, Talmon's children, Akkub's children, Hatita's children, Shobai's children, a total of 139.
Ezra 2:43 The workers: the descendants of Ziha, the descendants of Hasupha, the descendants of Tabbaoth,
Ezra 2:44 The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
Ezra 2:45 The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub.
Ezra 2:46 The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, and the children of Hanan,
Ezra 2:47 The descendants of Giddel, the descendants of Gahar, the descendants of Reaiah,
Ezra 2:48 Rezin's descendants, Nekoda's descendants, Gazzam's descendants,
Ezra 2:49 The descendants of Uzza, the descendants of Paseah, the descendants of Besai,
Ezra 2:50 The descendants of Asnah, the descendants of Mehunim, the descendants of Nephusim,
Ezra 2:51 The families of Bakbuk, the families of Hakupha, the families of Harhur,
Ezra 2:52 The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Ezra 2:53 The descendants of Barkos, the descendants of Sisera, the descendants of Thamah,
Ezra 2:54 Neziah's descendants, Hatipha's descendants.
Ezra 2:55 Solomon's servants' children: Sotai's children, Sophereth's children, Peruda's children,
Ezra 2:56 The descendants of Jaalah, the descendants of Darkon, the descendants of Giddel,
Ezra 2:57 The descendants of Shephatiah, the descendants of Hattil, the descendants of Pochereth of Zebaim, the descendants of Ami.
Ezra 2:58 All the Nethinims and Solomon's servants' children totaled 392.
Ezra 2:59 These people came from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer, but they could not prove their family line or if they were from Israel.
Ezra 2:60 The descendants of Delaiah, the descendants of Tobiah, the descendants of Nekoda: 652.
Ezra 2:61 From the priests' children: Habaiah's, Koz's, and Barzillai's children; one married a daughter of Barzillai from Gilead and was known by their family name.
Ezra 2:62 They looked for their names in the family records, but they were not found, so they were considered unclean and removed from being priests.
Ezra 2:63 The governor told them not to eat the most holy food until a priest with the Urim and Thummim came.
Ezra 2:64 The whole group together was 42,360.
Ezra 2:65 In addition to their servants and maids, who numbered 7,337, there were also 200 men and women who were singers.
Ezra 2:66 They had 736 horses and 245 mules.
Ezra 2:67 They had 435 camels and 6,720 donkeys.
Ezra 2:68 Some family leaders, when they arrived at God's house in Jerusalem, willingly gave for God's house to rebuild it on its site.
Ezra 2:69 They contributed as much as they could to the project's fund: 61,000 gold coins, 5,000 pounds of silver, and 100 priests' robes.
Ezra 2:70 The priests, the Levites, some of the people, the singers, the gatekeepers, and the temple servants lived in their towns, and all the people of Israel lived in their towns.

Ezra 3:1 When the seventh month arrived and the Israelites were in their towns, they all came together in Jerusalem as if they were one person.
Ezra 3:2 Jeshua son of Jozadak and his fellow priests, and Zerubbabel son of Shealtiel and his brothers, stood up and built the altar of the God of Israel to make burnt offerings on it, as the law of Moses, the man of God, says.
Ezra 3:3 They placed the altar on its stands because they were afraid of the people living nearby. They made burnt offerings to God there, both in the morning and in the evening.
Ezra 3:4 They also celebrated the Feast of Tabernacles according to what is written, and they gave the daily burnt offerings in the right amount, following the usual practice for each day's requirement.
Ezra 3:5 Later, they gave the regular burnt offerings for each new moon and for all of God's holy festivals, as well as for anyone who wanted to give a special voluntary offering to God.
Ezra 3:6 From the first day of the seventh month, they started to give burnt offerings to God. But the base of God's temple was not laid yet.
Ezra 3:7 They also paid the builders and woodworkers; and provided food, drink, and oil to the people of Sidon and Tyre, so they would bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea at Joppa, as allowed by the decree from Cyrus, king of Persia.
Ezra 3:8 In the second year after they arrived at God's house in Jerusalem, in the second month, Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son, and Jeshua, Jozadak's son, began along with the other priests, Levites, and all who had returned from being captives to Jerusalem. They assigned the Levites, aged twenty and older, to start working on God's house.
Ezra 3:9 Jeshua stood with his sons and brothers, Kadmiel with his sons, and the men of Judah to help the workers in God's house; Henadad's sons and their sons and brothers, the Levites, did the same.
Ezra 3:10 When the workers set the foundation of God's temple, they had the priests in their clothes with trumpets and the Levites, Asaph's sons, with cymbals praising God, following King David of Israel's rule.
Ezra 3:11 They sang one by one to praise and thank God because He is good and His love for Israel lasts forever. All the people yelled loudly when they praised God because the foundation of God's house was built.
Ezra 3:12 But many priests, Levites, and family leaders, who were old and had seen the first temple, cried loudly when they saw the foundation of this new temple; while many others shouted with joy.
Ezra 3:13 The people couldn't tell the joyful shouting from the crying because they shouted so loudly, and the sound was heard far away.

Ezra 4:1 When the enemies of Judah and Benjamin found out that the exiles were building a temple for the God of Israel;
Ezra 4:2 Then they approached Zerubbabel and the leaders, and proposed to them, "Let us help you build, because we follow your God just as you do, and we have been offering sacrifices to Him since the time King Esarhaddon of Assyria settled us here."
Ezra 4:3 But Zerubbabel, Jeshua, and the other leaders of Israel told them, "You can't help us build a house for our God. We alone will build it for the God of Israel, as King Cyrus of Persia has told us to do."
Ezra 4:4 The local people discouraged the people of Judah and made it hard for them to build.
Ezra 4:5 They paid advisors to work against them and disrupt their plans during the time Cyrus was king of Persia, up until Darius became king of Persia.
Ezra 4:6 During King Ahasuerus's early rule, they sent him a letter accusing the people of Judah and Jerusalem.
Ezra 4:7 During Artaxerxes' reign, Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and their associates wrote to King Artaxerxes of Persia. The letter was written and translated in the Syrian language.
Ezra 4:8 Rehum the official and Shimshai the secretary wrote a letter about Jerusalem to King Artaxerxes like this:
Ezra 4:9 Rehum the leader and Shimshai the writer, along with their friends, the people from Dina, Apharsathch, Tarpel, Aphars, Archev, Babylon, Susa, Deha, and Elam, all wrote a letter.
Ezra 4:10 And the other nations that the great and important Asnapper moved, and put in the cities of Samaria, and the others near the river, and then.
Ezra 4:11 Here is the letter that they sent to King Artaxerxes: "Your servants, the people near the river, send greetings.
Ezra 4:12 Let the king know that the Jews who left you to come to us have gone to Jerusalem. They are rebuilding that troublesome and wicked city, setting up its walls, and fixing its foundations.
Ezra 4:13 Let the king know that if this city is rebuilt and its walls are restored, then they won't pay taxes, fees, or duties, and this will harm the income of the kings.
Ezra 4:14 Since we get our support from the king and it is not right for us to watch the king be dishonored, we have told the king about this.
Ezra 4:15 Look in your ancestors' record book, so you'll find out this city has always been troublesome to rulers and regions, promoting rebellion in the past, which is why it was destroyed.
Ezra 4:16 We tell the king that if this city and its walls are rebuilt, then you will have no control in this area across the river.
Ezra 4:17 The king sent a reply to Rehum the chancellor, Shimshai the scribe, and their friends in Samaria, and to others across the river: "Peace, and for now."
Ezra 4:18 The letter you sent us was clearly read to me.
Ezra 4:19 I ordered a search, and it was found that this city has a history of rebelling against kings, and of revolts and unrest.
Ezra 4:20 Powerful kings have ruled over Jerusalem too, controlling lands across the river; people paid them tolls, taxes, and fees.
Ezra 4:21 Tell them to stop these people and not to build this city until I give another order.
Ezra 4:22 Be careful now to do this so you don't fail: why let harm increase to hurt the kings?
Ezra 4:23 When Rehum, Shimshai the secretary, and their friends heard the letter from King Artaxerxes, they quickly went to Jerusalem to the Jews and forced them to stop working.
Ezra 4:24 Work on God's house in Jerusalem stopped and did not resume until the second year of King Darius of Persia's rule.

Ezra 5:1 The prophets Haggai and Zechariah, son of Iddo, spoke God's message to the Jews in Judah and Jerusalem.
Ezra 5:2 Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son, and Jeshua, Jozadak's son, stood up and started building God's house in Jerusalem. God's prophets were also there, helping them.
Ezra 5:3 At that time, Tatnai, the governor of the region across the river, Shetharboznai, and their associates came to them and asked, "Who gave you permission to build this temple and finish this wall?"
Ezra 5:4 We asked them, "What are the names of the men building this?"
Ezra 5:5 God watched over the Jewish leaders, so no one could stop them until the issue reached Darius. Then they sent a written reply about this.
Ezra 5:6 This is the letter that Tatnai, the governor across the river, Shetharboznai, and their associates, the Apharsachites who were also across the river, sent to King Darius:
Ezra 5:7 They sent him a letter that said: To King Darius, all peace.
Ezra 5:8 We want the king to know that we went to Judea, to the big temple of God. It is made with large stones, and wood is put into the walls. The work is moving quickly and going well.
Ezra 5:9 We asked the elders, "Who told you to build this temple and these walls?"
Ezra 5:10 We also asked for their names to tell you, so we could write down the names of their leaders.
Ezra 5:11 They replied to us, saying, "We serve the God of heaven and earth, and we are rebuilding the temple that was built many years ago, which a great king of Israel constructed and established."
Ezra 5:12 But after our ancestors made the God of heaven angry, he let Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon and a Chaldean, defeat them. He destroyed this place and took the people to Babylon.
Ezra 5:13 In the first year of Cyrus, the king of Babylon, King Cyrus ordered that God's house be rebuilt.
Ezra 5:14 The gold and silver items from God's house, which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the Jerusalem temple to the Babylon temple, were taken by King Cyrus from the Babylon temple. He gave them to Sheshbazzar, the governor he appointed.
Ezra 5:15 God said to him, "Take these items, go, bring them to the temple in Jerusalem, and rebuild God's house where it was."
Ezra 5:16 Sheshbazzar came and started the foundation of God's house in Jerusalem. It has been under construction from then until now, and it's still not finished.
Ezra 5:17 So now, if the king agrees, let someone look in the king's treasury in Babylon to see if King Cyrus made a decree to rebuild God's house in Jerusalem, and let the king tell us what he decides about this.

Ezra 6:1 King Darius gave an order, and they searched the records where the Babylon treasures were stored.
Ezra 6:2 They found a scroll at Achmetha, in the palace in the Medes' region, with this written record:
Ezra 6:3 In the first year of King Cyrus, King Cyrus ordered that God's house in Jerusalem be rebuilt. This is where sacrifices were made. The foundation must be strong. It should be 60 cubits high and 60 cubits wide.
Ezra 6:4 Use three layers of large stones and one layer of fresh wood, and let the cost be covered by the king's funds.
Ezra 6:5 Also, return the gold and silver dishes from God's house, which Nebuchadnezzar took from the temple in Jerusalem and brought to Babylon, and bring them back to the temple in Jerusalem, each to its spot, and put them in God's house.
Ezra 6:6 So now, Tatnai, governor across the river, Shetharboznai, and your fellow officials, the Apharsachites, who are across the river, stay away from there.
Ezra 6:7 Do not interfere with the work on God's house; let the Jewish leader and the Jewish elders rebuild God's house where it stands.
Ezra 6:8 I also make a rule about what you should do for the Jewish leaders who are rebuilding God's house: give them what they need from the king's wealth, including taxes from across the river, so they can keep working without delay.
Ezra 6:9 They need young bulls, rams, lambs for burnt offerings to the God of heaven, also wheat, salt, wine, and oil, as the priests in Jerusalem require. Give these to them every day without fail.
Ezra 6:10 So they may give sweet-smelling sacrifices to the God of heaven and pray for the king's and his sons' lives.
Ezra 6:11 I have also ordered that if anyone changes this command, wood should be torn from their house and they should be hanged on it, and their house should be turned into a pile of rubbish for this.
Ezra 6:12 God, who has chosen to be honored there, will destroy any kings or nations that try to change or ruin this temple in Jerusalem. I, Darius, have ordered this; let it be done quickly.
Ezra 6:13 Then Tatnai, the governor across the river, Shetharboznai, and their friends did quickly what King Darius had ordered.
Ezra 6:14 The Jewish elders built and succeeded because of the words of the prophet Haggai and Zechariah, Iddo's son. They finished building as God of Israel and kings Cyrus, Darius, and Artaxerxes of Persia had ordered.
Ezra 6:15 This house was completed on the third day of the month Adar, during the sixth year of King Darius's rule.
Ezra 6:16 The people of Israel, the priests, the Levites, and the other people who had been taken captive celebrated the dedication of God's house happily.
Ezra 6:17 At the dedication of God's house, they gave a hundred bulls, two hundred rams, and four hundred lambs as offerings; and for the sin offering for all Israel, they gave twelve male goats, one for each tribe of Israel.
Ezra 6:18 They organized the priests into their groups and the Levites into their duties for serving God in Jerusalem, according to what is written in Moses' book.
Ezra 6:19 The exiles celebrated Passover on the fourteenth day of the first month.
Ezra 6:20 The priests and Levites had all purified themselves and were clean. They slaughtered the Passover lamb for the exiles, their fellow priests, and for themselves.
Ezra 6:21 The Israelites who returned from being captives and all who left the pagan ways of the land to seek God, ate.
Ezra 6:22 They celebrated the Feast of Unleavened Bread for seven days with happiness because God had filled them with joy and made the king of Assyria favorable to them, helping them in the work of God's house, the God of Israel.

Ezra 7:1 After these events, during King Artaxerxes' rule of Persia, Ezra, who was Seraiah's son, Azariah's grandson, and Hilkiah's great-grandson,
Ezra 7:2 The son of Shallum was Zadok's son, and Zadok was Ahitub's son.
Ezra 7:3 He was Amariah's son, Azariah's grandson, and Meraioth's great-grandson.
Ezra 7:4 Zerahiah's son, Uzzi's son, Bukki's son,
Ezra 7:5 Abishua's son, Phinehas's son, Eleazar's son, Aaron the high priest's son.
Ezra 7:6 Ezra left Babylon; he was a skilled writer in Moses' law, which God of Israel had given. The king gave him everything he asked for because God's favor was with him.
Ezra 7:7 Some Israelites, priests, Levites, singers, gatekeepers, and Nethinim went up to Jerusalem in King Artaxerxes' seventh year.
Ezra 7:8 He arrived in Jerusalem in the fifth month of the seventh year of the king's rule.
Ezra 7:9 He started to leave Babylon on the first day of the first month, and he arrived in Jerusalem on the first day of the fifth month because God was helping him.
Ezra 7:10 Ezra had made up his mind to study God's law, follow it, and teach God's rules and decisions in Israel.
Ezra 7:11 This is the letter that King Artaxerxes gave to Ezra the priest and scribe, who writes down God's commands and laws for Israel.
Ezra 7:12 King Artaxerxes to Ezra the priest, a writer skilled in the law of God in heaven, wishes perfect peace.
Ezra 7:13 I issue an order that all Israelites, priests, and Levites in my kingdom who want to go to Jerusalem may go with you.
Ezra 7:14 Since the king and his seven advisors sent you to find out about Judah and Jerusalem according to your God's law that you have with you;
Ezra 7:15 To bring the silver and gold, which the king and his advisors have willingly given to the God of Israel, who lives in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:16 Take all the silver and gold you can find in the whole Babylon area, along with the voluntary gifts from the people and priests given freely for their God's temple in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:17 Use this money to quickly buy bulls, rams, lambs, their grain offerings, and their drink offerings, and sacrifice them on the altar of God's house in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:18 Do whatever you and your brothers think is best with the remaining silver and gold, according to God's will.
Ezra 7:19 Give the tools provided for the work of your God's house to God in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:20 Whatever else you need for God's house, give it from the king's treasury.
Ezra 7:21 I, King Artaxerxes, order all the treasurers across the river to quickly do whatever Ezra the priest, who knows God's law, asks of you.
Ezra 7:22 To a hundred talents of silver, a hundred measures of wheat, a hundred baths of wine, a hundred baths of oil, and as much salt as needed.
Ezra 7:23 Do whatever the God of heaven has ordered, carefully and for the good of the God of heaven's temple. Why should anger come upon the king's kingdom and his children?
Ezra 7:24 We also tell you that no taxes, payments, or fees should be put on the priests, Levites, singers, gatekeepers, temple servants, or workers of God's house.
Ezra 7:25 Ezra, use the wisdom of God you have to appoint officials and judges who can rule over the people across the river, all who know God's laws; and teach the laws to those who don't know them.
Ezra 7:26 Anyone who does not follow God's law or the king's law should be punished quickly, whether by death, exile, taking their possessions, or putting them in jail.
Ezra 7:27 May God, the God of our ancestors, be praised for inspiring the king to make the temple in Jerusalem beautiful.
Ezra 7:28 God has shown me mercy in front of the king, his advisors, and all the powerful nobles. I felt strong because God was with me, and I brought together leaders from Israel to go with me.

Ezra 8:1 These are the leaders of their families, and this is the family history of those who came with me from Babylon during King Artaxerxes's rule.
Ezra 8:2 From Phinehas' sons came Gershom; from Ithamar's sons, Daniel; from David's sons, Hattush.
Ezra 8:3 From Shechaniah's family, from Pharosh's descendants, came Zechariah; with him, they counted 150 men on the family list.
Ezra 8:4 From the descendants of Pahathmoab, Elihoenai, son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred men.
Ezra 8:5 Shechaniah's family included Jahaziel's son and three hundred other men.
Ezra 8:6 From Adin's descendants, Ebed, Jonathan's son, came with 50 men.
Ezra 8:7 From the descendants of Elam, Jeshaiah son of Athaliah came with seventy men.
Ezra 8:8 From the family of Shephatiah, there was Zebadiah, Michael's son, with 80 men.
Ezra 8:9 Joab's descendant Obadiah, Jehiel's son, was with two hundred and eighteen men.
Ezra 8:10 From Shelomith's descendants was Josiphiah's son, with 160 men.
Ezra 8:11 From the descendants of Bebai: Zechariah, Bebai's son, and with him 28 men.
Ezra 8:12 From Azgad's descendants, Johanan son of Hakkatan came, along with one hundred and ten men.
Ezra 8:13 From the last sons of Adonikam, named Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, came sixty men.
Ezra 8:14 From Bigvai's descendants came Uthai and Zabbud, along with seventy other men.
Ezra 8:15 I brought them to the river that flows to Ahava; we camped there for three days. I looked over the people and the priests, but there were no Levites among them.
Ezra 8:16 I sent for Eliezer, Ariel, Shemaiah, Elnathan, Jarib, Nathan, Zechariah, and Meshullam, who were leaders, as well as Joiarib and Elnathan, who were wise men.
Ezra 8:17 I gave orders for them to go to Iddo, the leader in Casiphia, and told them what to say to Iddo and his fellow Nethinims there, to bring us helpers for the house of our God.
Ezra 8:18 With God's good help, they brought us a wise man from the descendants of Mahli, who was Levi's son from Israel's family; and Sherebiah, along with his sons and brothers, totaling eighteen.
Ezra 8:19 Hashabiah, along with Jeshaiah from Merari's descendants, his brothers and their children, were twenty in total.
Ezra 8:20 David and the leaders had assigned 220 Nethinims to help the Levites; each one was listed by name.
Ezra 8:21 I announced a fast by the Ahava River to humble ourselves before God, to ask for a safe journey for us, our children, and all our possessions.
Ezra 8:22 I was embarrassed to ask the king for soldiers and cavalry to protect us from enemies on the journey, because we had told the king, "God's favor is with all who seek Him, but His strength and anger are against those who abandon Him."
Ezra 8:23 We fasted and asked God for this, and he listened to us.
Ezra 8:24 I chose twelve of the leading priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten other priests with them.
Ezra 8:25 He gave them the silver, the gold, and the items, including the gifts for our God's house that the king, his advisors, his nobles, and all the Israelites there had given.
Ezra 8:26 I gave them 650 talents of silver, silver items worth 100 talents, and 100 talents of gold.
Ezra 8:27 Also twenty bowls of gold, weighing a thousand coins, and two fine copper containers, as valuable as gold.
Ezra 8:28 I told them, "You are special to God; the utensils are special too; and the silver and gold are gifts freely given to God, the God of your ancestors."
Ezra 8:29 Stay alert and guard them until you weigh them in front of the priests, the Levites, and the leaders of the Israeli families in Jerusalem, inside the rooms of God's house.
Ezra 8:30 The priests and Levites took the silver, gold, and items to take them to God's house in Jerusalem.
Ezra 8:31 We left from the Ahava River on the twelfth day of the first month, to go to Jerusalem. God's help was with us, and he protected us from enemies and ambushes along the road.
Ezra 8:32 We arrived in Jerusalem and stayed there for three days.
Ezra 8:33 On the fourth day, they weighed the silver, gold, and containers in God's house. Meremoth, Uriah's son and priest, did this. Eleazar, Phinehas' son, Jozabad, Jeshua's son, and Noadiah, Binnui's son, who were Levites, were with him.
Ezra 8:34 Each item was counted and weighed, and the weights were recorded then.
Ezra 8:35 The children of the exiles who had returned from captivity gave burnt offerings to the God of Israel: twelve bulls for all Israel, ninety-six rams, seventy-seven lambs, and twelve male goats as a sin offering. All these were burnt offerings to God.
Ezra 8:36 They gave the king's orders to the king's officers and the rulers on this side of the river. They helped the people and God's house.

Ezra 9:1 After these events, the leaders approached me and reported, "The people of Israel, including the priests and the Levites, have not kept away from the local peoples and their detestable practices, like those of the Canaanites, Hittites, Perizzites, Jebusites, Ammonites, Moabites, Egyptians, and Amorites."
Ezra 9:2 They have married women from those nations for themselves and their sons, mixing the sacred race with the local people. Indeed, the leaders and officials have led this wrongdoing.
Ezra 9:3 When I heard this, I tore my clothes and my cloak, pulled hair from my head and beard, and sat down shocked.
Ezra 9:4 Everyone who was afraid of God's words because of the wrongdoings of the exiles gathered around me, and I sat shocked until the evening offering.
Ezra 9:5 During the evening offering, I got up from feeling sad; I tore my clothes and my cloak, got down on my knees, and stretched out my hands to God.
Ezra 9:6 I said, "Oh my God, I am so ashamed and embarrassed to look up to you, my God, because our wrongs pile up high, and our sins reach up to the sky."
Ezra 9:7 Since our ancestors' time, we have been greatly sinful up to today; because of our wrongs, we, our rulers, and our priests, have been handed over to the rulers of other lands. We have faced war, captivity, robbery, and shame, just like today.
Ezra 9:8 And now, for a short time, God has shown us grace by allowing some of us to survive, and by giving us a secure place in his sanctuary so that he can brighten our eyes and give us some relief while we are enslaved.
Ezra 9:9 We were slaves, but our God did not abandon us in our slavery. Instead, He showed us kindness by making the kings of Persia look favorably on us. This allowed us to revive, rebuild our God's temple, fix its ruins, and give us protection in Judah and Jerusalem.
Ezra 9:10 And now, our God, what can we say? We have ignored your commands.
Ezra 9:11 God ordered through his prophets that the land you are going to take over is dirty because of the land's people and their disgusting actions. They have made it completely unclean from one end to the other.
Ezra 9:12 So do not let your daughters marry their sons, do not take their daughters for your sons, and do not seek friendship or wealth from them ever, so that you may be strong, enjoy the land's goodness, and pass it down to your children forever.
Ezra 9:13 Even after all our bad actions and serious wrongs, knowing that you, our God, have punished us less than our sins deserve, and have provided us with this rescue.
Ezra 9:14 If we break your commands again and become friendly with the people doing these wrong things, wouldn't you be angry with us until you destroyed us all, leaving no one left or any way to escape?
Ezra 9:15 God of Israel, you are good: we are still here, safe today; we stand before you with our wrongs: we cannot face you because of them.

Ezra 10:1 After Ezra prayed and confessed, crying and falling down in front of God's house, a large crowd of men, women, and children from Israel gathered around him because they were all crying a lot.
Ezra 10:2 Shechaniah, son of Jehiel and from Elam's family, spoke to Ezra, "We have sinned against God by marrying foreign women from this land, but there is still hope for Israel in this matter."
Ezra 10:3 So now, let's make an agreement with God to send away all the foreign wives and their children, based on the advice of my lord and those who respect God's commands; and we'll follow the law in doing this.
Ezra 10:4 Get up; this task is yours to do: we will be with you: be brave and go ahead.
Ezra 10:5 Then Ezra stood up and had the lead priests, the Levites, and all Israel promise to do as he said. And they promised.
Ezra 10:6 Ezra got up from in front of God's house and went into Johanan son of Eliashib's room. There, he didn't eat bread or drink water because he was sad about the sins of the people who were taken away.
Ezra 10:7 They announced throughout Judah and Jerusalem to all the exiles that they should come together in Jerusalem.
Ezra 10:8 Anyone who did not come within three days, as the leaders and elders advised, would lose all their belongings and be cut off from the group that had been taken away.
Ezra 10:9 All the men from Judah and Benjamin came to Jerusalem in three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day; and everyone sat in the street by God's house, shaking because of the issue and the heavy rain.
Ezra 10:10 Priest Ezra stood up and said to them, "You have done wrong by marrying foreign women, adding to Israel's guilt."
Ezra 10:11 Now, say sorry to God, the God of your ancestors, and do what makes him happy. Stay away from the local people and from the foreign wives.
Ezra 10:12 Then the whole group replied loudly, "We will do as you have said."
Ezra 10:13 There are many people, and it's raining a lot, so we can't stay outside, and we can't finish this job in one or two days because many of us have done wrong in this matter.
Ezra 10:14 Let our leaders and everyone who married foreign women in our towns meet at set times, along with the elders and judges of each town, until God's strong anger about this is calmed.
Ezra 10:15 Jonathan, son of Asahel, and Jahaziah, son of Tikvah, worked on this issue, with Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite assisting them.
Ezra 10:16 The captives' children did this. Ezra, the priest, with some leaders of the families, grouped by their ancestors' families and each by name, set apart and started to look into the matter on the first day of the tenth month.
Ezra 10:17 They finished dealing with all the men who had married foreign women by the first day of the first month.
Ezra 10:18 Some priests' sons had married foreign women, including Jeshua's descendants—Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jarib, and Gedaliah.
Ezra 10:19 They promised to send away their wives and, admitting their guilt, they brought a sheep to make up for their wrong.
Ezra 10:20 From Immer's sons: Hanani and Zebadiah.
Ezra 10:21 From Harim's sons were Maaseiah, Elijah, Shemaiah, Jehiel, and Uzziah.
Ezra 10:22 The sons of Pashur were Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah.
Ezra 10:23 From the Levites: Jozabad, Shimei, Kelaiah (also called Kelita), Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
Ezra 10:24 Among the singers was Eliashib; and the gatekeepers were Shallum, Telem, and Uri.
Ezra 10:25 From Israel: sons of Parosh are Ramiah, Jeziah, Malchiah, Miamin, Eleazar, Malchijah, and Benaiah.
Ezra 10:26 The sons of Elam were Mattaniah, Zechariah, Jehiel, Abdi, Jeremoth, and Eliah.
Ezra 10:27 From Zattu's descendants were Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, Jeremoth, Zabad, and Aziza.
Ezra 10:28 From Bebai's sons: Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.
Ezra 10:29 From Bani's descendants came Meshullam, Malluch, Adaiah, Jashub, Sheal, and Ramoth.
Ezra 10:30 From the descendants of Pahathmoab were Adna, Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, Binnui, and Manasseh.
Ezra 10:31 From Harim's descendants came Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, and Shimeon.
Ezra 10:32 Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah.
Ezra 10:33 From Hashum's sons: Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei.
Ezra 10:34 From Bani's descendants: Maadai, Amram, and Uel.
Ezra 10:35 Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,
Ezra 10:36 Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib.
Ezra 10:37 Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,
Ezra 10:38 Bani, Binnui, and Shimei,
Ezra 10:39 Shelemiah, Nathan, and Adaiah,
Ezra 10:40 Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,
Ezra 10:41 Azareel, Shelemiah, Shemariah,
Ezra 10:42 Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.
Ezra 10:43 From Nebo's descendants: Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, Joel, and Benaiah.
Ezra 10:44 All these men married foreign women, and some of them had children with these wives.

Nehemiah 1:1 Nehemiah son of Hachaliah spoke these words. In the month of Kislev during the twentieth year, I was at the palace in Susa.
Nehemiah 1:2 My brother Hanani and some men from Judah came, and I asked them about the Jews who survived the captivity and about Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 1:3 They told me that the survivors from the captivity in the province are suffering a lot and are shamed. The wall of Jerusalem is also destroyed, and its gates are burned with fire.
Nehemiah 1:4 When I heard these words, I sat down and cried, and I was sad for some days, and I didn't eat, and I prayed to the God of heaven.
Nehemiah 1:5 I ask you, God of heaven, the great and awesome God, who keeps his promise and kindness for those who love him and follow his commands.
Nehemiah 1:6 Listen carefully and keep your eyes open, so you can hear the prayer I make before you now, day and night, for the people of Israel your servants. I admit the sins of the people of Israel, which we have done wrong against you. Both I and my family have sinned.
Nehemiah 1:7 We have acted very badly towards you and have not followed your commands, laws, or rules that you gave to your servant Moses.
Nehemiah 1:8 Please remember what you told your servant Moses: "If you disobey, I will spread you out among the countries."
Nehemiah 1:9 If you come back to me, follow my rules, and do them, even if you were scattered to the farthest skies, I will bring you back to the place I have chosen for my name to be.
Nehemiah 1:10 These are your servants and your people, whom you have saved with your great power and strong hand.
Nehemiah 1:11 God, I ask you, please listen to your servant's prayer and the prayers of those who respect your name. Help your servant today, give him kindness before this man, because I served the king as his cupbearer.

Nehemiah 2:1 In the month of Nisan, during King Artaxerxes's twentieth year, there was wine in front of him. I picked up the wine and gave it to the king. I had never been sad in front of him before.
Nehemiah 2:2 So the king asked me, "Why do you look sad when you're not ill? This must be deep sadness." I felt very afraid.
Nehemiah 2:3 I told the king, "May the king live always. Why shouldn't I look sad when the city where my ancestors are buried is ruined, and its gates have been destroyed by fire?"
Nehemiah 2:4 Then the king asked me, "What do you request?" So I prayed to God in heaven.
Nehemiah 2:5 I told the king, "If it makes the king happy, and if I have your approval, please let me go to Judah, to the city where my ancestors are buried, so I can rebuild it."
Nehemiah 2:6 The king asked me, with the queen sitting beside him, "How long will your trip take? And when will you come back?" The king was happy to let me go, and I told him when I would return.
Nehemiah 2:7 Also, I said to the king, "If it's okay with the king, please give me letters for the governors across the river so they can help me travel to Judah."
Nehemiah 2:8 I also wrote a letter to Asaph, who takes care of the king's forest, asking for wood to build beams for the palace gates, the city wall, and the house I will live in. The king gave me what I asked for because God was kind to me.
Nehemiah 2:9 I went to the leaders across the river and gave them the king's letters. The king had sent army officers and cavalry with me.
Nehemiah 2:10 When Sanballat from Horon and Tobiah the Ammonite official heard about it, they were very upset that someone had come to help the people of Israel.
Nehemiah 2:11 I came to Jerusalem and stayed there for three days.
Nehemiah 2:12 I got up at night with a few men; I didn't tell anyone what God had inspired me to do in Jerusalem, and I didn't bring any animals except the one I was riding.
Nehemiah 2:13 I went out at night through the valley gate, past the dragon spring and the trash gate, and I looked at Jerusalem's walls, which were torn down, and its gates, which were burned by fire.
Nehemiah 2:14 Then I went to the Fountain Gate and to the king's pool, but there was no room for the animal I was riding to get through.
Nehemiah 2:15 I went up at night by the creek, looked at the wall, turned around, entered through the valley gate, and went back.
Nehemiah 2:16 The leaders did not know where I went or what I did; I had not yet told anything to the Jews, the priests, the nobles, the leaders, or the others working.
Nehemiah 2:17 I told them, "You see the trouble we're in. Jerusalem is ruined, its gates burned by fire. Come, let's rebuild Jerusalem's wall, so we won't be disgraced anymore."
Nehemiah 2:18 I told them how God had helped me and what the king had said to me. They replied, "Let's start building." So they prepared to do this good work.
Nehemiah 2:19 When Sanballat the Horonite, Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian heard this, they laughed at us, looked down on us, and said, "What are you doing? Are you rebelling against the king?"
Nehemiah 2:20 I replied to them, "The God of heaven will help us succeed; so we, His servants, will start building. But you have no share, no claim, or any history in Jerusalem."

Nehemiah 3:1 Eliashib, the high priest, got up with his fellow priests, and they built the Sheep Gate; they made it holy, and put in its doors; they made it holy all the way to the Tower of Meah, and to the Tower of Hananeel.
Nehemiah 3:2 Next to him, the men of Jericho built. And beside them, Zaccur, Imri's son, built.
Nehemiah 3:3 The sons of Hassenaah built the fish gate, made its beams, and installed its doors, locks, and bars.
Nehemiah 3:4 Next to them, Meremoth, Urijah's son and Koz's grandson, made repairs. Next to them, Meshullam, Berechiah's son and Meshezabeel's grandson, made repairs. Beside them, Zadok, Baana's son, worked on repairs.
Nehemiah 3:5 Next to them, the people of Tekoa worked on repairs; but their leaders wouldn't help with the work for God.
Nehemiah 3:6 Jehoiada, the son of Paseah, and Meshullam, the son of Besodeiah, fixed the Old Gate. They put in its beams, hung its doors, and installed its locks and bars.
Nehemiah 3:7 Next to them, Melatiah from Gibeon and Jadon from Meronoth, along with the men from Gibeon and Mizpah, fixed the section up to the governor's seat by the river.
Nehemiah 3:8 Next to him, Uzziel, Harhaiah's son and a goldsmith, made repairs. Next to him, Hananiah, the son of a perfumer, also made repairs. Together, they strengthened Jerusalem up to the wide wall.
Nehemiah 3:9 Rephaiah, Hur's son and leader of half of Jerusalem, fixed the next part.
Nehemiah 3:10 Next to them, Jedaiah, Harumaph's son, fixed the wall by his house. Next to him, Hattush, Hashabniah's son, also made repairs.
Nehemiah 3:11 Malchijah, Harim's son, and Hashub, Pahathmoab's son, fixed another section and the oven tower.
Nehemiah 3:12 Next to him, Shallum, son of Halohesh, who was in charge of half of Jerusalem, fixed the wall with his daughters.
Nehemiah 3:13 Hanun and the people of Zanoah fixed the Valley Gate. They built it, put in its doors, locks, and bars, and repaired the wall for a thousand cubits up to the Dung Gate.
Nehemiah 3:14 Malchiah, Rechab's son and leader of a district of Bethhaccerem, fixed the Dung Gate. He built it, installed its doors, locks, and bars.
Nehemiah 3:15 Shallun, Colhozeh's son and leader of a district of Mizpah, fixed the Fountain Gate. He constructed and roofed it, installed its doors, locks, and bars, and rebuilt the wall by the Pool of Siloam near the king's garden, leading to the stairs down from David's City.
Nehemiah 3:16 After him, Nehemiah son of Azbuk, leader of half of Bethzur, fixed the area opposite King David's tombs, near the constructed pool, and up to the warriors' house.
Nehemiah 3:17 After him, the Levites, with Rehum son of Bani, made repairs. Next to him, Hashabiah, leader of half of Keilah, made repairs in his area.
Nehemiah 3:18 After him, their relatives fixed it, Bavai son of Henadad, leader of half of Keilah.
Nehemiah 3:19 Ezer son of Jeshua, the leader of Mizpah, fixed the next section near the ascent to the armory at the corner.
Nehemiah 3:20 After him, Baruch, Zabbai's son, worked hard to fix another part of the wall, from the corner to the entrance of Eliashib the high priest's house.
Nehemiah 3:21 After him, Meremoth, Urijah's son and Koz's grandson, fixed another part, from Eliashib's house entrance to the end of Eliashib's house.
Nehemiah 3:22 After him, the priests, the men from the flat land, made repairs.
Nehemiah 3:23 After him, Benjamin and Hashub fixed the area opposite their house. Then, Azariah, son of Maaseiah and grandson of Ananiah, repaired next to his house.
Nehemiah 3:24 After him, Binnui son of Henadad fixed another section, from Azariah's house to where the wall turns, all the way to the corner.
Nehemiah 3:25 Palal son of Uzai worked opposite where the wall turns by the tower that stretches from the royal palace near the prison courtyard. Next was Pedaiah son of Parosh.
Nehemiah 3:26 Also, the temple workers lived on the Ophel hill, near the Water Gate to the east and the projecting tower.
Nehemiah 3:27 After them, the people of Tekoa fixed another part, opposite the big tower that extends out, all the way to the Ophel wall.
Nehemiah 3:28 The priests fixed the section above the Horse Gate, each one opposite his own house.
Nehemiah 3:29 After them, Zadok the son of Immer fixed the area opposite his house. Next, Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, who was in charge of the east gate, also made repairs.
Nehemiah 3:30 After him, Hananiah, Shelemiah's son, and Hanun, Zalaph's sixth son, fixed another section. Then Meshullam, Berechiah's son, made repairs opposite his room.
Nehemiah 3:31 After him, Malchiah the son of a goldsmith fixed the wall by the area where the Nethinims and merchants live, near the Miphkad Gate, and up to the corner.
Nehemiah 3:32 The goldsmiths and merchants fixed the area from the corner to the Sheep Gate.

Nehemiah 4:1 But when Sanballat heard that we were building the wall, he became very angry, was greatly upset, and made fun of the Jews.
Nehemiah 4:2 He spoke to his brothers and Samaria's army, asking, "What can these weak Jews do? Can they rebuild their defenses? Can they offer sacrifices? Can they finish in one day? Can they bring the burned stones back to life from the rubble piles?"
Nehemiah 4:3 Tobiah, from Ammon, stood next to him and said, "What they are building is so weak that if a fox climbs it, the wall will fall down."
Nehemiah 4:4 Listen, our God, we are looked down on: make their insults fall on them, and let them be captured in the land they were taken to.
Nehemiah 4:5 Do not overlook their wrongdoing, and do not erase their sin from your presence; for they have made you angry in front of the builders.
Nehemiah 4:6 We built the wall, and the whole wall was connected up to halfway because the people wanted to work.
Nehemiah 4:7 When Sanballat, Tobiah, the Arabians, the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites found out that the walls of Jerusalem were being rebuilt and the gaps were getting fixed, they became very angry.
Nehemiah 4:8 They all plotted together to come fight against Jerusalem and to block its progress.
Nehemiah 4:9 We prayed to God and kept guard day and night to protect ourselves from them.
Nehemiah 4:10 Judah said, "The workers are getting weak, and there is a lot of trash; we can't build the wall."
Nehemiah 4:11 Our enemies said, "They won't realize or see until we attack them, kill them, and stop their work."
Nehemiah 4:12 When the nearby Jews came to us, they repeatedly warned us, "No matter where you come from, they will attack you."
Nehemiah 4:13 So I placed people in the lower parts of the wall and on the higher areas according to their families, armed with swords, spears, and bows.
Nehemiah 4:14 I looked, got up, and told the leaders and the rest of the people, "Don't be afraid of them: remember God, who is great and mighty, and fight for your brothers, your children, your wives, and your homes."
Nehemiah 4:15 When our enemies found out that we knew their plan, and that God had stopped their plan from succeeding, we all went back to work on the wall.
Nehemiah 4:16 From then on, half of my servants worked, while the other half carried spears, shields, bows, and body armor; and the leaders stood behind all the people of Judah.
Nehemiah 4:17 The people who built the wall and those who carried loads worked with one hand and held a weapon with the other.
Nehemiah 4:18 Each builder worked with a sword tied to their side, and I had the trumpet blower by my side.
Nehemiah 4:19 I told the leaders, officials, and the others, "The task is huge and spread out, and we are far apart on the wall."
Nehemiah 4:20 When you hear the trumpet, come to us; our God will fight for us.
Nehemiah 4:21 We worked hard, and half of us kept holding spears from dawn until the stars came out.
Nehemiah 4:22 I also told the people at that time, "Everyone should stay in Jerusalem with their servants, so they can protect us at night and work during the day."
Nehemiah 4:23 Neither I, nor my brothers, nor my workers, nor the guards with me took off our clothes, except to wash them.

Nehemiah 5:1 The people and their wives raised a loud protest against their fellow Jews.
Nehemiah 5:2 Some people said, "We, our sons, and our daughters are many, so we get corn for them to eat and survive."
Nehemiah 5:3 Some said, "We have put our fields, vineyards, and homes up as security to buy grain because of the famine."
Nehemiah 5:4 Some also said, "We have borrowed money to pay the king's tax, using our fields and vineyards as collateral."
Nehemiah 5:5 Now our bodies are like our relatives' bodies, and our children like theirs. Yet, we must make our sons and daughters slaves, and some of our daughters are already enslaved. We can't free them, because others now own our lands and vineyards.
Nehemiah 5:6 I was very angry when I heard their cries and these words.
Nehemiah 5:7 I thought about it, and I scolded the nobles and officials, saying to them, "You charge your own people interest." Then I called a large meeting to deal with them.
Nehemiah 5:8 I told them, "We have bought back our fellow Jews who were sold to other nations, as much as we could. Now, are you going to sell your own people, or should they be sold to us?" They kept quiet and had nothing to say.
Nehemiah 5:9 I said, "What you are doing isn't right. Shouldn't you live in fear of God to avoid the scorn of our enemies?"
Nehemiah 5:10 I, my brothers, and my workers could also demand from them money and grain: I ask you, please stop charging them interest.
Nehemiah 5:11 Please give back to them today their land, vineyards, olive groves, and homes. Also return the part of the money, grain, wine, and oil you have been taking from them.
Nehemiah 5:12 They said, "We will give everything back and ask for nothing in return; we will do as you say." Then I gathered the priests and made them promise to do this.
Nehemiah 5:13 I shook my clothes and said, "May God remove anyone from their home and job who does not keep this promise. May they be shaken out and left with nothing." Everyone agreed, saying "Amen," and praised God. The people kept the promise.
Nehemiah 5:14 Since I was made governor in Judah, from the 20th to the 32nd year of King Artaxerxes, which is 12 years, neither I nor my brothers have used the food allowance given to the governor.
Nehemiah 5:15 The governors before me made the people pay for their food and wine, and even took forty silver coins; their helpers also took advantage of the people. But I didn't do this because I respected God.
Nehemiah 5:16 Yes, I kept working on this wall; we didn't buy any land, and all my workers came there to work.
Nehemiah 5:17 Also, at my table there were one hundred and fifty Jews and leaders, in addition to the visitors from the nations around us.
Nehemiah 5:18 Every day, I was given one ox, six special sheep, and some birds to eat. Also, every ten days, I received many kinds of wine. But even with all this, I didn't take the governor's food allowance because the people were already working hard.
Nehemiah 5:19 Remember me, my God, for good, for everything I've done for these people.

Nehemiah 6:1 When Sanballat, Tobiah, Geshem the Arabian, and our other enemies heard that I had built the wall with no gaps left (though I had not yet installed the doors in the gates at that time),
Nehemiah 6:2 Sanballat and Geshem sent me a message, saying, "Come, let's meet in one of the villages on the plain of Ono." But they planned to hurt me.
Nehemiah 6:3 I sent messengers to them, saying, "I'm doing important work and can't stop to come down. Why should the work stop while I leave it to come to you?"
Nehemiah 6:4 They sent me the same message four times; and I replied in the same way each time.
Nehemiah 6:5 Sanballat sent his servant to me for the fifth time with an open letter in his hand.
Nehemiah 6:6 The message said, "The nations are hearing, and Gashmu also says, you and the Jews plan to revolt. That's why you're rebuilding the wall, to become their king, they say."
Nehemiah 6:7 You have also chosen prophets to speak about you in Jerusalem, saying, "There is a king in Judah." And now these words will be reported to the king. So come, let us talk together.
Nehemiah 6:8 Then I sent a message to him, saying, "Nothing like what you are saying is happening; you are making it up in your mind."
Nehemiah 6:9 They all scared us by saying, "Their hands will be too weak to do the work, so it won't be finished." Now, God, give me strong hands.
Nehemiah 6:10 Later, I went to the home of Shemaiah, Delaiah’s son, Mehetabeel’s grandson, who was confined inside. He suggested, "Let's meet at God's house, inside the temple, and close the temple doors because they are coming to kill you; indeed, at night they will come to kill you."
Nehemiah 6:11 I thought, should someone like me run away? And who like me would go into the temple to save his life? I won't go in.
Nehemiah 6:12 I realized that God had not sent him; he made this prophecy against me because Tobiah and Sanballat paid him.
Nehemiah 6:13 He was paid to make me scared, so I would sin and they could discredit me with bad things to say.
Nehemiah 6:14 God, remember Tobiah and Sanballat for what they have done, and also the prophetess Noadiah and the other prophets who tried to scare me.
Nehemiah 6:15 The wall was completed on the twenty-fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty-two days.
Nehemiah 6:16 When all our enemies and the nations around us heard about this, they felt very discouraged because they realized that our God had done this work.
Nehemiah 6:17 During that time, the leaders of Judah sent many letters to Tobiah, and Tobiah's letters came to them.
Nehemiah 6:18 Many people in Judah were loyal to him because he was married to Shecaniah's daughter, Arah's granddaughter, and his son Johanan had married Meshullam's daughter, Berechiah's granddaughter.
Nehemiah 6:19 They also told me about his good works and shared my words with him. Tobiah sent letters to scare me.

Nehemiah 7:1 When the wall was finished, and I had installed the doors, and the gatekeepers, musicians, and Levites had been assigned their tasks,
Nehemiah 7:2 I put my brother Hanani and Hananiah, the palace leader, in charge of Jerusalem because he was loyal and respected God more than most.
Nehemiah 7:3 I told them, "Do not open Jerusalem's gates until the sun is hot. While they are there, let them close the doors, lock them, and set guards from Jerusalem's people, each in his own watch, with each guard facing his own house."
Nehemiah 7:4 The city was big and important, but there were not many people living there, and the houses were not built yet.
Nehemiah 7:5 God inspired me to assemble the leaders, officials, and people to record their family histories. I found the family records of those who first returned, written in the list.
Nehemiah 7:6 These are the children from the area who returned from being captives, those whom King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon had taken away. They went back to Jerusalem and Judah, each to their own city.
Nehemiah 7:7 These people came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, and Baanah. The total number of Israel's men was as follows:
Nehemiah 7:8 Parosh's descendants, 2,172.
Nehemiah 7:9 Shephatiah's descendants numbered 372.
Nehemiah 7:10 Arah's descendants, six hundred fifty-two.
Nehemiah 7:11 The descendants of Pahathmoab, from Jeshua and Joab's line, were 2,818.
Nehemiah 7:12 The children of Elam, 1,254.
Nehemiah 7:13 Zattu's descendants, 845.
Nehemiah 7:14 Zaccai's descendants, 760.
Nehemiah 7:15 Binnui's descendants, six hundred forty-eight.
Nehemiah 7:16 Bebei's descendants, six hundred twenty-eight.
Nehemiah 7:17 Azgad's descendants numbered two thousand three hundred and twenty-two.
Nehemiah 7:18 Adonikam's descendants, six hundred and sixty-seven.
Nehemiah 7:19 Bigvai's descendants, two thousand sixty-seven.
Nehemiah 7:20 Adin's descendants, 655.
Nehemiah 7:21 Ninety-eight descendants of Ater from Hezekiah's time.
Nehemiah 7:22 Hashum's descendants were 328 people.
Nehemiah 7:23 Bezai's descendants, three hundred twenty-four.
Nehemiah 7:24 The Hariph family had 112 people.
Nehemiah 7:25 There were ninety-five children from Gibeon.
Nehemiah 7:26 The men from Bethlehem and Netophah, 188.
Nehemiah 7:27 The men from Anathoth numbered one hundred and twenty-eight.
Nehemiah 7:28 The 42 men from Bethazmaveth.
Nehemiah 7:29 The men from Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth numbered 743.
Nehemiah 7:30 The men from Ramah and Geba, six hundred twenty-one.
Nehemiah 7:31 The men of Michmas, one hundred twenty-two.
Nehemiah 7:32 The men from Bethel and Ai, one hundred and twenty-three.
Nehemiah 7:33 The men from the other Nebo, fifty-two.
Nehemiah 7:34 The descendants of the other Elam, 1,254.
Nehemiah 7:35 Harim's descendants, three hundred twenty.
Nehemiah 7:36 Jericho had 345 children.
Nehemiah 7:37 The people from Lod, Hadid, and Ono were 721.
Nehemiah 7:38 The descendants of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred thirty.
Nehemiah 7:39 The priests: the descendants of Jedaiah from Jeshua's family, 973 in total.
Nehemiah 7:40 Immer's descendants, one thousand fifty-two.
Nehemiah 7:41 Pashur's children, 1,247.
Nehemiah 7:42 Harim's descendants, one thousand and seventeen.
Nehemiah 7:43 The Levites included Jeshua's descendants, Kadmiel's descendants, and Hodevah's descendants, totaling 74 people.
Nehemiah 7:44 The singers: Asaph's descendants, 148 of them.
Nehemiah 7:45 The gatekeepers: the descendants of Shallum, Ater, Talmon, Akkub, Hatita, and Shobai, totaling 138.
Nehemiah 7:46 The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth.
Nehemiah 7:47 The families of Keros, the families of Sia, the families of Padon,
Nehemiah 7:48 The descendants of Lebana, the descendants of Hagaba, the descendants of Shalmai,
Nehemiah 7:49 The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,
Nehemiah 7:50 The descendants of Reaiah, the descendants of Rezin, the descendants of Nekoda,
Nehemiah 7:51 The descendants of Gazzam, the descendants of Uzza, the descendants of Phaseah,
Nehemiah 7:52 The descendants of Besai, the descendants of Meunim, the descendants of Nephishesim,
Nehemiah 7:53 The descendants of Bakbuk, the descendants of Hakupha, the descendants of Harhur,
Nehemiah 7:54 People from Bazlith, people from Mehida, people from Harsha,
Nehemiah 7:55 The families of Barkos, the families of Sisera, the families of Tamah,
Nehemiah 7:56 Neziah's descendants, Hatipha's descendants.
Nehemiah 7:57 Solomon's servants' children: Sotai's children, Sophereth's children, Perida's children,
Nehemiah 7:58 The families of Jaala, Darkon, and Giddel.
Nehemiah 7:59 The descendants of Shephatiah, the descendants of Hattil, the descendants of Pochereth of Zebaim, the descendants of Amon.
Nehemiah 7:60 All the temple helpers and Solomon's servants' descendants totaled 392.
Nehemiah 7:61 These are the ones who came from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer, but they could not prove which family or if they were from Israel.
Nehemiah 7:62 Delaiah's descendants, Tobiah's descendants, Nekoda's descendants, 642.
Nehemiah 7:63 From the priests: Habaiah's descendants, Koz's descendants, and Barzillai's descendants, who married one of Barzillai the Gileadite's daughters and took their family name.
Nehemiah 7:64 These people searched for their family records among those listed by ancestry, but they could not be found. So they were considered unclean and excluded from the priesthood.
Nehemiah 7:65 The governor told them not to eat the most holy food until a priest with Urim and Thummim came.
Nehemiah 7:66 The whole group together was 42,360.
Nehemiah 7:67 They had 7,337 male and female servants and 245 male and female singers.
Nehemiah 7:68 They had 736 horses and 245 mules.
Nehemiah 7:69 They had 435 camels and 6,720 donkeys.
Nehemiah 7:70 Some family leaders donated to the project. The governor gave a thousand gold coins, fifty bowls, and five hundred thirty robes for priests to the treasury.
Nehemiah 7:71 Some of the leaders gave 20,000 gold coins and 2,200 pounds of silver to the project's fund.
Nehemiah 7:72 The rest of the people gave 20,000 drams of gold, 2,000 pounds of silver, and 67 priests' robes.
Nehemiah 7:73 The priests, Levites, gatekeepers, singers, some people, Nethinims, and all Israel lived in their towns. When the seventh month arrived, the Israelites were in their towns.

Nehemiah 8:1 All the people came together as one in the street by the water gate and asked Ezra the scribe to bring out the Book of Moses's Law, which God had given to Israel.
Nehemiah 8:2 Ezra the priest presented the law to the assembly of men and women, and to all who could understand, on the first day of the seventh month.
Nehemiah 8:3 He read to them in front of the Water Gate from morning until noon. Men, women, and others who could understand listened closely to the reading of God's laws.
Nehemiah 8:4 Ezra the teacher stood on a wooden platform built for this reason, and next to him on his right were Mattithiah, Shema, Anaiah, Urijah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, and on his left were Pedaiah, Mishael, Malchiah, Hashum, Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
Nehemiah 8:5 Ezra opened the book where everyone could see, because he was higher than everyone else; and when he opened it, everyone stood up.
Nehemiah 8:6 Ezra praised God, the great one. All the people replied, "Yes, yes," raising their hands. They lowered their heads and worshiped God with their faces to the earth.
Nehemiah 8:7 Jeshua, Bani, Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites helped the people understand the law, and the people stood where they were.
Nehemiah 8:8 They clearly read from God's law book, explained the meaning, and helped them understand what was read.
Nehemiah 8:9 Nehemiah, the governor, Ezra the priest and teacher, and the Levites who instructed the people told everyone, "This day is special for God; don't be sad or cry." Because everyone cried when they heard the law's words.
Nehemiah 8:10 He told them, "Go, eat rich food, drink sweet drinks, and give some to those who have nothing ready. Today is sacred to God. Don't be sad, because the joy of God gives you strength."
Nehemiah 8:11 The Levites calmed everyone, saying, "Be quiet, because this day is sacred; don't be sad."
Nehemiah 8:12 Everyone went to eat, drink, share food, and celebrate with joy because they understood the words that were explained to them.
Nehemiah 8:13 On the second day, the leaders of all the families, the priests, and the Levites came together to Ezra the writer to learn the meaning of the law.
Nehemiah 8:14 They discovered in the law that God gave through Moses, it said the people of Israel must live in shelters during the festival of the seventh month.
Nehemiah 8:15 They should announce in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, "Go to the mountain and get branches from olive trees, pine trees, myrtle trees, palm trees, and other leafy trees to make shelters as it is written."
Nehemiah 8:16 The people went out, brought branches, and made shelters for themselves—on their rooftops, in their yards, in the yards of God's house, by the Water Gate, and by the Ephraim Gate.
Nehemiah 8:17 Everyone who had returned from being captives built shelters and sat under them. They hadn't done this since the time of Joshua son of Nun. And they were very happy.
Nehemiah 8:18 Every day from the start to the end, he read from God's book of laws. They celebrated for seven days, and on the eighth day, they held a special gathering as was the custom.

Nehemiah 9:1 On the twenty-fourth day of this month, the people of Israel gathered together. They fasted, wore rough clothing, and put dirt on themselves.
Nehemiah 9:2 The people of Israel kept away from foreigners, stood up, and admitted their own sins and the wrongdoings of their ancestors.
Nehemiah 9:3 They stood in their spot and read from God's law book for a quarter of the day; for another quarter, they admitted their wrongs and worshiped God.
Nehemiah 9:4 Jeshua, Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, who were Levites, stood on the stairs and called out to God with loud voices.
Nehemiah 9:5 Then the Levites, Jeshua, Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah said, "Stand up and praise God forever and ever; and may your wonderful name be blessed, higher than all blessings and praise."
Nehemiah 9:6 You alone are God; you created the heavens, the highest heavens, and all their stars, the earth, and everything on it, the seas, and everything in them. You keep them all alive, and the heavenly beings worship you.
Nehemiah 9:7 You are God, who chose Abram, took him out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gave him the name Abraham.
Nehemiah 9:8 You saw that his heart was loyal to you, and you made an agreement with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, and the Girgashites to his descendants, and you kept your promise, because you are righteous.
Nehemiah 9:9 You saw our ancestors' suffering in Egypt and heard their cries near the Red Sea.
Nehemiah 9:10 You showed miracles and amazing things to Pharaoh, his officials, and everyone in his land because you knew they were arrogant. This made you famous, like you are today.
Nehemiah 9:11 You split the sea for them, so they walked through it on dry ground; and you threw their chasers into the deep, like a stone into strong waters.
Nehemiah 9:12 You also led them in the day with a cloud and at night with a fire to light their path where they should walk.
Nehemiah 9:13 You also came down on Mount Sinai, talked to them from heaven, and gave them fair laws, true rules, and good commands.
Nehemiah 9:14 You made your holy rest day known to them, and gave them rules, decrees, and laws through Moses, your servant.
Nehemiah 9:15 You gave them bread from heaven when they were hungry, and you made water flow from the rock when they were thirsty. You promised them they would enter and own the land you swore to give them.
Nehemiah 9:16 They and our ancestors were proud, stubborn, and did not listen to your commands.
Nehemiah 9:17 They didn't listen or remember the amazing things you did for them; they were stubborn and chose a leader to take them back to being slaves. But you are a forgiving God, kind and merciful, not easily angered, full of love, and you didn't leave them.
Nehemiah 9:18 Yes, when they made a golden calf and said, "This is your God who brought you out of Egypt," and did very bad things.
Nehemiah 9:19 But you, with your great mercy, did not abandon them in the desert: the cloud pillar did not leave them by day, to guide them on their path; nor the fire pillar at night, to give them light and show them the way to go.
Nehemiah 9:20 You also gave them your good spirit to teach them, did not stop giving them manna to eat, and provided them water when they were thirsty.
Nehemiah 9:21 Yes, for forty years you supported them in the desert, so they needed nothing; their clothes did not wear out, and their feet did not swell.
Nehemiah 9:22 You also gave them kingdoms and countries, splitting them into parts. So they took over the land of Sihon, the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og, the king of Bashan.
Nehemiah 9:23 You made their children as many as the stars in the sky, and you led them to the land you promised their ancestors they would enter and take over.
Nehemiah 9:24 The children entered and took over the land, and you conquered the land's people, the Canaanites, for them, and handed them over with their kings and the people of the land, so they could do as they wanted with them.
Nehemiah 9:25 They captured fortified cities and a rich land, and took over houses filled with all kinds of goods, dug wells, vineyards, olive groves, and plenty of fruit trees. They ate to satisfaction, grew fat, and enjoyed your immense kindness.
Nehemiah 9:26 Despite this, they did not listen and turned against you, throwing your laws aside and killing your prophets who warned them to turn back to you, causing great anger.
Nehemiah 9:27 So you gave them over to their enemies who troubled them, but when they called out to you in their distress, you heard from heaven. Because of your many kindnesses, you sent them rescuers to save them from their enemies.
Nehemiah 9:28 After they rested, they did wrong before you: so you let them stay in their enemies' land, where they were controlled by them. But when they came back and called to you, you heard them from heaven; and you saved them many times because of your mercy.
Nehemiah 9:29 You warned them to follow your laws again, but they acted with pride, and did not listen to your commands. They broke your rules, which if followed, would give life. They turned away and were stubborn, and refused to listen.
Nehemiah 9:30 For many years you were patient with them and warned them through your spirit in your prophets, but they wouldn't listen. So you handed them over to the surrounding peoples.
Nehemiah 9:31 Even though you were very kind, you did not completely destroy them or leave them; because you are a kind and merciful God.
Nehemiah 9:32 So now, our God, the great, the powerful, and the fearsome God, who keeps promises and shows kindness, do not see all the hardships that have come on us, our kings, our leaders, our priests, our prophets, our ancestors, and all your people, from the days of the Assyrian kings until now, as small.
Nehemiah 9:33 Even though you are fair in everything that happens to us, because you have done what is right, but we have acted badly.
Nehemiah 9:34 Our kings, leaders, priests, and ancestors did not follow your law or listen to your commands and warnings that you gave them.
Nehemiah 9:35 They did not serve you in their own land, and with the great goodness you gave them, and in the rich and fertile land you provided, they did not turn away from their evil deeds.
Nehemiah 9:36 Look, we are servants today, working in the land you gave our ancestors to enjoy its fruits and benefits, but here we are, serving in it.
Nehemiah 9:37 It produces a lot of growth for the kings you put over us due to our sins; they also rule over our bodies and our animals as they like, and we are in great trouble.
Nehemiah 9:38 Because of all this, we make a firm agreement and write it down. Our leaders, Levites, and priests put their seals on it.

Nehemiah 10:1 The ones who made the agreement were Nehemiah, the governor, son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah.
Nehemiah 10:2 Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 10:3 Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,
Nehemiah 10:4 Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch.
Nehemiah 10:5 Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah,
Nehemiah 10:6 Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,
Nehemiah 10:7 Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin.
Nehemiah 10:8 Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the religious leaders.
Nehemiah 10:9 The Levites included Jeshua, son of Azaniah, Binnui from the Henadad family, and Kadmiel.
Nehemiah 10:10 Their brothers, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,
Nehemiah 10:11 Michael, Rehob, Hashabiah,
Nehemiah 10:12 Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
Nehemiah 10:13 Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
Nehemiah 10:14 The leaders of the people: Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani.
Nehemiah 10:15 Bunni, Azgad, Bebai.
Nehemiah 10:16 Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin.
Nehemiah 10:17 After Hezekiah, Azur,
Nehemiah 10:18 Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,
Nehemiah 10:19 Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai,
Nehemiah 10:20 Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir.
Nehemiah 10:21 Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua.
Nehemiah 10:22 Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah,
Nehemiah 10:23 Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub,
Nehemiah 10:24 This part of the text appears to be a list of names and does not form a complete sentence. Without additional context, a translation is not possible. If this is meant to be a simplification of a biblical passage, please provide the full verse for an accurate translation.
Nehemiah 10:25 Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah.
Nehemiah 10:26 Ahijah, Hanan, Anan.
Nehemiah 10:27 Malluch, Harim, Baanah.
Nehemiah 10:28 The other people, the priests, the Levites, the gatekeepers, the singers, the temple servants, and all who had chosen to follow God's laws instead of the local customs, including their wives, their sons, and their daughters who were able to understand;
Nehemiah 10:29 They stayed close to their kin and leaders, and took a solemn promise, committing to follow God's law that Moses, God's servant, gave them, and to follow and obey all of God's commands, rules, and laws.
Nehemiah 10:30 We will not give our daughters to the people of the land, nor take their daughters for our sons.
Nehemiah 10:31 If people in the land bring goods or food to sell on the Sabbath, we will not buy from them on the Sabbath or a holy day; and we will not farm in the seventh year or demand payment of debts.
Nehemiah 10:32 We agreed to give a third of a shekel each year for our God's house.
Nehemiah 10:33 For the bread put on display, for the regular grain offering, for the regular burnt offering, on the Sabbaths, on the new moon festivals, for the appointed feasts, for the sacred items, and for the sin offerings to ask for forgiveness for Israel, and for all the work in God's house.
Nehemiah 10:34 We threw dice to decide which priests, Levites, and people would bring wood to God's house like our ancestors did, at set times each year, to burn on God's altar, as the law says.
Nehemiah 10:35 To bring the first crops from our land and the first of all tree fruits, every year, to God's house.
Nehemiah 10:36 We also give our firstborn sons and the firstborn of our livestock, as the law says, and the firstborn of our herds and our flocks, to bring to God's house, for the priests working in God's house.
Nehemiah 10:37 We should give the first of our dough, gifts, and all kinds of tree fruits, wine, and oil to the priests in the storerooms of God's house; and we should give a tenth of our crops to the Levites so they can have their share in all our farming towns.
Nehemiah 10:38 The priest, who is Aaron's son, will be with the Levites when they collect the tithes. The Levites will take a tenth of these tithes to our God's house, into the storage rooms.
Nehemiah 10:39 The people of Israel and the Levi tribe will take their grain, new wine, and oil to the storage rooms, where the holy things, the priests, the gatekeepers, and the singers are. We will not neglect our God's house.

Nehemiah 11:1 The leaders lived in Jerusalem. The other people drew lots so that one out of every ten would live in Jerusalem, the holy city, and the other nine in different cities.
Nehemiah 11:2 The people praised everyone who willingly chose to live in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 11:3 These are the leaders of the area who lived in Jerusalem: but in the Judah towns, everyone lived on their own land, including Israelites, priests, Levites, temple workers, and descendants of Solomon's servants.
Nehemiah 11:4 In Jerusalem lived some of Judah's and Benjamin's people. Of Judah's descendants, there was Athaiah, Uzziah's son, Zechariah's grandson, Amariah's great-grandson, Shephatiah's great-great-grandson, from Perez's family.
Nehemiah 11:5 Maaseiah, son of Baruch, grandson of Colhozeh, great-grandson of Hazaiah, great-great-grandson of Adaiah, great-great-great-grandson of Joiarib, and great-great-great-great-grandson of Zechariah, from the family of Shiloni.
Nehemiah 11:6 All of Perez's sons living in Jerusalem were 468 brave men.
Nehemiah 11:7 These are Benjamin's sons: Sallu, Meshullam's son, Joed's grandson, Pedaiah's great-grandson, Kolaiah's great-great-grandson, Maaseiah's great-great-great-grandson, Ithiel's great-great-great-great-grandson, and Jesaiah's great-great-great-great-great-grandson.
Nehemiah 11:8 After him Gabbai and Sallai, nine hundred twenty-eight.
Nehemiah 11:9 Joel, Zichri's son, was in charge, and Judah, Senuah's son, was second in command of the city.
Nehemiah 11:10 From the priests: Jedaiah, Joiarib's son, and Jachin.
Nehemiah 11:11 Seraiah, son of Hilkiah, grandson of Meshullam, great-grandson of Zadok, descendant of Meraioth and Ahitub, was in charge of God's house.
Nehemiah 11:12 Eight hundred and twenty-two of their brothers worked on the house. One was Adaiah, whose father was Jeroham, whose father was Pelaliah, whose father was Amzi, whose father was Zechariah, whose father was Pashur, whose father was Malchiah.
Nehemiah 11:13 His brothers, leaders of the families, were 242; and Amashai, son of Azareel, grandson of Ahasai, great-grandson of Meshillemoth, and great-great-grandson of Immer.
Nehemiah 11:14 Their brothers, strong and brave, 128 in number; and Zabdiel, the son of a great man, was in charge.
Nehemiah 11:15 From the Levites: Shemaiah, son of Hashub, grandson of Azrikam, great-grandson of Hashabiah, from the family of Bunni.
Nehemiah 11:16 Shabbethai and Jozabad, leaders of the Levites, were in charge of the external work of God's house.
Nehemiah 11:17 Mattaniah, Micha's son, Zabdi's grandson, and Asaph's great-grandson, led the prayers of thanks. Bakbukiah was second to him, and Abda, Shammua's son, Galal's grandson, and Jeduthun's great-grandson, was with his brothers.
Nehemiah 11:18 There were 284 Levites in the holy city.
Nehemiah 11:19 The gatekeepers, Akkub, Talmon, and their brothers who guarded the gates, were 172 in total.
Nehemiah 11:20 The rest of Israel, including the priests and the Levites, lived in the towns of Judah, each in their own property.
Nehemiah 11:21 The Nethinims lived in Ophel, and Ziha and Gispa were in charge of them.
Nehemiah 11:22 The person in charge of the Levites in Jerusalem was Uzzi, Bani's son, Hashabiah's grandson, Mattaniah's great-grandson, and Micha's great-great-grandson. The descendants of Asaph, who were singers, managed the work of God's house.
Nehemiah 11:23 The king ordered that the singers receive a set amount every day.
Nehemiah 11:24 Pethahiah, son of Meshezabeel from the descendants of Zerah of Judah, assisted the king in all issues related to the people.
Nehemiah 11:25 In the villages with their lands, some people from Judah lived in Kirjatharba, its villages, Dibon, its villages, and Jekabzeel, its villages.
Nehemiah 11:26 In Jeshua, in Moladah, and in Bethphilet,
Nehemiah 11:27 At Hazarshual, at Beersheba, and in their villages.
Nehemiah 11:28 In Ziklag, in Mekonah, and in their villages,
Nehemiah 11:29 The places were Enrimmon, Zareah, and Jarmuth.
Nehemiah 11:30 Zanoah, Adullam, and their villages, Lachish and its fields, Azekah and its villages. People lived from Beersheba to the Hinnom Valley.
Nehemiah 11:31 The families of Benjamin from Geba lived in Michmash, Aija, Bethel, and their nearby small towns.
Nehemiah 11:32 In Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,
Nehemiah 11:33 Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,
Nehemiah 11:34 Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,
Nehemiah 11:35 Lord, Ono, valley of workers.
Nehemiah 11:36 The Levites had groups in both Judah and Benjamin.

Nehemiah 12:1 Now, these are the priests and the Levites who went up with Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra.
Nehemiah 12:2 Amariah, Malluch, Hattush.
Nehemiah 12:3 Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,
Nehemiah 12:4 Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,
Nehemiah 12:5 Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,
Nehemiah 12:6 Shemaiah, Joiarib, and Jedaiah.
Nehemiah 12:7 Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These were the main priests and their relatives' leaders when Jeshua was alive.
Nehemiah 12:8 Additionally, the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, who was in charge of giving thanks, he and his brothers.
Nehemiah 12:9 Bakbukiah and Unni, their brothers, stood across from them on guard.
Nehemiah 12:10 Jeshua had a son named Joiakim, Joiakim had a son named Eliashib, and Eliashib had a son named Joiada.
Nehemiah 12:11 Joiada became the father of Jonathan, and Jonathan became the father of Jaddua.
Nehemiah 12:12 During Joiakim's time, there were leading priests from different families: Meraiah from Seraiah's family and Hananiah from Jeremiah's family.
Nehemiah 12:13 From Ezra came Meshullam; from Amariah came Jehohanan.
Nehemiah 12:14 From Melicu came Jonathan; from Shebaniah came Joseph.
Nehemiah 12:15 From Harim's family, Adna; from Meraioth's family, Helkai;
Nehemiah 12:16 From Iddo came Zechariah; from Ginnethon came Meshullam.
Nehemiah 12:17 Abijah had Zichri; Miniamin and Moadiah had Piltai.
Nehemiah 12:18 From Bilgah, Shammua; from Shemaiah, Jonathan;
Nehemiah 12:19 From Joiarib's family, Mattenai; from Jedaiah's family, Uzzi.
Nehemiah 12:20 From Sallai came Kallai; from Amok came Eber.
Nehemiah 12:21 From Hilkiah came Hashabiah; from Jedaiah came Nethaneel.
Nehemiah 12:22 During the time of Eliashib, Joiada, Johanan, and Jaddua, the Levites and the heads of the families were listed, as well as the priests, up to the rule of Darius the Persian.
Nehemiah 12:23 The leaders among Levi's descendants were recorded in the chronicles up to the time of Johanan, son of Eliashib.
Nehemiah 12:24 The leaders of the Levites were Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua son of Kadmiel. With their brothers opposite them, they were to praise and give thanks as David, a man of God, had ordered, one group facing another.
Nehemiah 12:25 Mattaniah, Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, and Akkub were gatekeepers guarding the entrances to the gates.
Nehemiah 12:26 These events happened when Joiakim, son of Jeshua and grandson of Jozadak, was alive, during the time Nehemiah was governor and Ezra was priest and writer.
Nehemiah 12:27 At the opening of Jerusalem's wall, they invited the Levites from everywhere to celebrate with joy, using thank yous, songs, cymbals, stringed instruments, and harps.
Nehemiah 12:28 The singers' children came together from the area around Jerusalem and from the Netophathi villages.
Nehemiah 12:29 From Gilgal, as well as from Geba and Azmaveth fields, for the singers had built villages around Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 12:30 The priests and the Levites made themselves, the people, the gates, and the wall clean.
Nehemiah 12:31 Then I led the leaders of Judah up onto the wall and organized two large groups of thankful people. One group walked on the right side of the wall towards the Dung Gate.
Nehemiah 12:32 Hoshaiah and half of Judah's leaders followed them.
Nehemiah 12:33 Azariah, Ezra, and Meshullam,
Nehemiah 12:34 Judah, Benjamin, Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 12:35 Some priests' sons had trumpets, including Zechariah, who was Jonathan's son, Shemaiah's grandson, Mattaniah's great-grandson, Michaiah's great-great-grandson, Zaccur's great-great-great-grandson, and Asaph's great-great-great-great-grandson.
Nehemiah 12:36 His brothers Shemaiah, Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, played David's musical instruments, with God’s man Ezra leading them.
Nehemiah 12:37 At the Fountain Gate in front of them, they climbed the stairs to the City of David, went along the wall above David's house, and reached the Water Gate on the east side.
Nehemiah 12:38 The other group that was thanking God went opposite them, with me following, and half of the people were along the wall from past the furnace tower to the wide wall.
Nehemiah 12:39 Above the Ephraim gate, the old gate, the fish gate, the Hananeel tower, and the Meah tower, as far as the sheep gate, they stopped at the prison gate.
Nehemiah 12:40 Two groups of thankful people, along with me and half of the leaders, stood in God's house.
Nehemiah 12:41 The priests Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah had trumpets.
Nehemiah 12:42 Maaseiah, Shemaiah, Eleazar, Uzzi, Jehohanan, Malchijah, Elam, and Ezer were there. The singers sang loudly with their leader Jezrahiah.
Nehemiah 12:43 On that day, they gave many sacrifices and were happy because God had made them very joyful. The women and children were happy too. The happiness of Jerusalem was heard from far away.
Nehemiah 12:44 At that time, people were chosen to take care of the storage rooms for the treasures, the offerings, the first crops, and the tithes. They collected from the city fields what was legally given to the priests and Levites: because the people of Judah were happy with the priests and Levites who served.
Nehemiah 12:45 The singers and gatekeepers followed God's orders and the rules for purification, as directed by David and his son Solomon.
Nehemiah 12:46 In the old times of David and Asaph, there were lead singers and songs of praise and thanks to God.
Nehemiah 12:47 During the time of Zerubbabel and Nehemiah, all of Israel provided daily shares to the singers and gatekeepers. They set apart sacred gifts for the Levites, and the Levites dedicated them to Aaron's descendants.

Nehemiah 13:1 On that day, they read from the book of Moses to the people; it was written that Ammonites and Moabites may never join God's assembly.
Nehemiah 13:2 Because they didn't bring food and water to the Israelites, but paid Balaam to curse them, God changed the curse into a blessing.
Nehemiah 13:3 When they heard the law, they separated all the non-Israelites from Israel.
Nehemiah 13:4 Before this, Eliashib the priest, who was in charge of the storerooms of our God's house, had become close to Tobiah.
Nehemiah 13:5 He set up a big room for him where they used to put the food offerings, incense, containers, and the parts of grain, new wine, and oil that were supposed to go to the Levites, singers, gatekeepers, and the gifts for the priests.
Nehemiah 13:6 During all this time, I wasn't in Jerusalem because in the thirty-second year of King Artaxerxes of Babylon, I went to the king, and after a while, I got permission from the king to leave.
Nehemiah 13:7 I came to Jerusalem and learned about the bad thing Eliashib did for Tobiah by setting up a room for him in the courts of God's house.
Nehemiah 13:8 It made me very sad, so I threw all of Tobiah's belongings out of the room.
Nehemiah 13:9 Then I ordered, and they cleaned the rooms. After that, I brought back the items of God's house, along with the grain offering and the incense.
Nehemiah 13:10 I noticed that the Levites did not receive their shares, so the Levites and singers who did the work had all gone back to their own fields.
Nehemiah 13:11 I argued with the leaders and asked, "Why is God's house neglected?" I brought them together and put them in their positions.
Nehemiah 13:12 Then all of Judah brought a tenth of the grain, new wine, and oil to the storerooms.
Nehemiah 13:13 I appointed managers for the storage rooms: Priest Shelemiah, Scribe Zadok, and Pedaiah from the Levites, with Hanan, Zaccur's son and Mattaniah's grandson, beside them. They were trusted, and their job was to hand out supplies to their relatives.
Nehemiah 13:14 God, remember me for this and do not erase the good things I have done for God's house and its duties.
Nehemiah 13:15 During that time, I saw people in Judah working on the Sabbath: they were pressing grapes, carrying grain, loading donkeys with wine, grapes, figs, and all kinds of loads into Jerusalem on the Sabbath. I warned them on that day for selling food.
Nehemiah 13:16 People from Tyre also lived there, who brought fish and all kinds of goods, and sold them on the Sabbath to the people of Judah in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 13:17 I argued with Judah's leaders and asked them, "What is this bad thing you are doing to disrespect the Sabbath day?"
Nehemiah 13:18 Didn't your ancestors do the same, and didn't God cause all this trouble for us and this city? Yet you make God even angrier with Israel by not keeping the Sabbath holy.
Nehemiah 13:19 When Jerusalem's gates started to get dark before the Sabbath, I ordered them closed and said they shouldn't open until after the Sabbath. I placed some of my workers at the gates to stop anyone from bringing in loads on the Sabbath day.
Nehemiah 13:20 The traders and sellers of all kinds of goods stayed outside Jerusalem once or twice.
Nehemiah 13:21 I warned them and asked, "Why do you spend the night by the wall? If you do it again, I will arrest you." After that, they did not come on the Sabbath anymore.
Nehemiah 13:22 I told the Levites to make themselves clean, and to guard the gates to keep the Sabbath day holy. God, remember this too and show me mercy because you are very kind.
Nehemiah 13:23 In those days, I also saw Jews who had married women from Ashdod, Ammon, and Moab.
Nehemiah 13:24 Their children spoke partly in Ashdod's language and couldn't speak the Jewish language, but only in the language of their own people.
Nehemiah 13:25 I argued with them, cursed them, hit some of them, pulled out their hair and made them promise by God, saying, "You must not let your daughters marry their sons, or let your sons marry their daughters, or marry them yourselves."
Nehemiah 13:26 Didn't Solomon, the king of Israel, sin because of these things? Still, there was no other king like him among many nations; he was loved by his God, who made him king over all Israel. But foreign women led even him into sin.
Nehemiah 13:27 Should we listen to you and do this terrible thing, sinning against God by marrying foreign women?
Nehemiah 13:28 One of Joiada's sons, who was Eliashib the high priest's son, married Sanballat the Horonite's daughter, so I made him leave.
Nehemiah 13:29 God, remember them because they have made the priesthood unclean and broken the agreement with the priests and Levites.
Nehemiah 13:30 I purified them from all foreigners and set up the duties for the priests and Levites, each to their own task.
Nehemiah 13:31 For the wood given at set times, and for the first crops. God, please remember me kindly.

Esther 1:1 During the time of King Ahasuerus, who ruled over 127 provinces from India to Ethiopia.
Esther 1:2 In those days, when King Ahasuerus was ruling from his throne in his kingdom at the palace in Shushan,
Esther 1:3 In the third year of being king, he prepared a big meal for all his leaders and workers; the important people of Persia and Media and the leaders from the regions were present.
Esther 1:4 He showed off his kingdom's wealth and his great honor for many days, 180 days to be exact.
Esther 1:5 When the days were over, the king held a feast for all the people in Shushan palace, for both important and unimportant, lasting seven days, in the garden area of the king's palace.
Esther 1:6 There were white, green, and blue curtains, tied with fine linen and purple cords to silver rings and marble pillars; the couches were made of gold and silver, set on a floor with red, blue, white, and black marble.
Esther 1:7 They served drinks in golden cups, all different from each other, and gave lots of fine wine, as much as the king allowed.
Esther 1:8 The drinking followed the rule; no one was forced to drink because the king had ordered his household officers to let everyone drink as they wished.
Esther 1:9 Queen Vashti also held a banquet for the women in the palace of King Ahasuerus.
Esther 1:10 On the seventh day, when the king felt happy from wine, he ordered Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, his seven servants, to come to King Ahasuerus.
Esther 1:11 To bring Queen Vashti before the king with the royal crown, to show her beauty to the people and the princes: for she was beautiful to see.
Esther 1:12 But Queen Vashti wouldn't come when the king ordered her through his servants; so the king got very angry, and he burned with rage.
Esther 1:13 The king spoke to the wise men who understood the times, since this was the king's usual way with all who were experts in law and decisions.
Esther 1:14 Next to him were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven leaders of Persia and Media, who saw the king and were the highest in the kingdom.
Esther 1:15 What should we do to Queen Vashti by law since she did not follow King Ahasuerus's order given through his officials?
Esther 1:16 Memucan spoke to the king and the leaders, saying, "Queen Vashti didn't disrespect just the king, but also all the leaders and everyone in King Ahasuerus' provinces."
Esther 1:17 Because of the queen's action, all women will hear about it and look down on their husbands, thinking, 'The king ordered Queen Vashti to come to him, but she didn't.'
Esther 1:18 The women of Persia and Media will tell the king's leaders today about what the queen has done. This will cause a lot of disrespect and anger.
Esther 1:19 If the king agrees, let him issue a royal order and make it a law of the Persians and Medes, so it cannot be changed: Vashti will not come before King Ahasuerus again; and let the king give her royal position to someone better than her.
Esther 1:20 When the king's order is announced to his whole kingdom (because it is large), all wives will respect their husbands, whether they are high-ranking or not.
Esther 1:21 The king and his officials liked the idea, and the king followed Memucan's advice.
Esther 1:22 He sent letters to all the king's provinces, to each province in its own script, and to every people in their own language, so that every man should be in charge of his own house, and it should be announced in the language of each people.

Esther 2:1 After this, when King Ahasuerus calmed down, he remembered Vashti, what she did, and the decision made against her.
Esther 2:2 The king's servants who served him suggested, "Let's look for beautiful young women for the king."
Esther 2:3 Let the king choose officials throughout his kingdom to bring all the beautiful young women to the palace in Susa, to the women's living quarters, under the care of Hegai, the royal eunuch in charge of the women, and provide them with their beauty treatments.
Esther 2:4 Let the young woman who pleases the king become queen instead of Vashti. The king liked this idea and he followed it.
Esther 2:5 In Shushan palace, there lived a Jew named Mordecai, son of Jair, grandson of Shimei, and great-grandson of Kish, from the tribe of Benjamin.
Esther 2:6 Who had been taken from Jerusalem as prisoners with King Jeconiah of Judah, whom King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon had taken captive.
Esther 2:7 He raised Hadassah, also called Esther, his cousin, because she had no parents. She was lovely and pretty. When her parents died, Mordecai adopted her as his daughter.
Esther 2:8 It happened that when the king's order was announced, and many young women were brought to the palace of Shushan under the care of Hegai, Esther was also taken to the king's house and placed under Hegai, who was in charge of the women.
Esther 2:9 The young woman pleased him, and he showed her kindness. He quickly provided her with her purification items, what she needed, and seven maids from the king's palace. He moved her and her maids to the best place in the women's quarters.
Esther 2:10 Esther had not revealed her people or family because Mordecai had told her not to tell anyone.
Esther 2:11 Mordecai walked past the women's quarters every day to find out how Esther was doing and what would happen to her.
Esther 2:12 When it was time for each young woman to go to King Ahasuerus, after she had completed twelve months of beauty treatments according to the customs for the women—six months with myrrh oil and six months with sweet scents and other purification methods—
Esther 2:13 Every girl went to the king, and she was given whatever she wanted to take with her from the women's house to the king's house.
Esther 2:14 In the evening, she went, and the next day she went back to the second women's house, under Shaashgaz's care, the king's officer in charge of the concubines. She would not go to the king again unless he enjoyed her company and asked for her by name.
Esther 2:15 When it was Esther's turn, who was adopted by her cousin Mordecai, to meet the king, she asked for only what Hegai, the royal official in charge of the women, suggested. Everyone who saw Esther liked her.
Esther 2:16 Esther was brought to King Ahasuerus at his royal palace in the tenth month, called Tebeth, in the seventh year of his rule.
Esther 2:17 The king loved Esther more than any other woman, and she found more kindness and approval from him than any other virgin. So he put the royal crown on her head and made her queen in place of Vashti.
Esther 2:18 The king prepared a large feast for all his leaders and workers, called Esther's feast; he declared a holiday across the regions and presented presents, as befits a king.
Esther 2:19 When the young women were brought together again, Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate.
Esther 2:20 Esther had not told anyone about her family or people, because Mordecai told her not to. She followed Mordecai's orders, just like when she was raised by him.
Esther 2:21 During that time, while Mordecai was at the king's entrance, two of the king's officials, Bigthan and Teresh, who guarded the doorway, became angry and wanted to attack King Ahasuerus.
Esther 2:22 Mordecai learned about it and told Queen Esther; then Esther informed the king, mentioning Mordecai.
Esther 2:23 When they investigated, they discovered the truth; so both men were hanged on a tree, and this was recorded in the king's chronicles.

Esther 3:1 After this, King Ahasuerus promoted Haman, son of Hammedatha the Agagite, raised his rank, and gave him a higher seat than all the other princes with him.
Esther 3:2 All the king's workers at the king's gate bowed and showed respect to Haman because the king ordered it. But Mordecai did not bow or show him respect.
Esther 3:3 The king's servants at the king's gate asked Mordecai, "Why are you disobeying the king's order?"
Esther 3:4 Every day they spoke to him, but he did not listen. So they told Haman to see if Mordecai's behavior would be accepted because he had told them he was a Jew.
Esther 3:5 When Haman noticed that Mordecai did not bow or show him respect, Haman became very angry.
Esther 3:6 He thought it was not enough to hurt only Mordecai; after learning about Mordecai's people, Haman wanted to kill all the Jews in King Ahasuerus's kingdom.
Esther 3:7 In the first month, named Nisan, during King Ahasuerus's twelfth year, they threw dice every day and each month to decide the day, until the last month, called Adar.
Esther 3:8 Haman told King Ahasuerus, "A certain group of people are spread out and scattered among the citizens in all the regions of your kingdom; their rules are different from everyone else's and they don't follow the king's rules: so it's not good for the king to let them be."
Esther 3:9 If the king agrees, let an order be written to kill them, and I will give ten thousand silver coins to the officials to put into the king's treasury.
Esther 3:10 The king took his ring off his hand and gave it to Haman, the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the enemy of the Jews.
Esther 3:11 The king told Haman, "The money is yours, and the people too. You can do with them what you think is best."
Esther 3:12 On the thirteenth day of the first month, the king's writers were brought in. They wrote down everything Haman ordered for the king's officers, the leaders of each province, and the heads of each people in their own script and language. This was done in King Ahasuerus's name and sealed with his ring.
Esther 3:13 Messages were sent by couriers to all the king's regions to wipe out, kill, and eliminate all Jews—old and young, children and women—on the same day, the thirteenth of the twelfth month, the month of Adar, and to plunder their belongings.
Esther 3:14 The message about the order was shared in every area to tell everyone to prepare for that day.
Esther 3:15 The messengers rushed out with the king's orders, and the law was announced in Susa, the capital. The king and Haman sat down to have drinks, while the people of Susa were confused.

Esther 4:1 When Mordecai realized everything that had happened, he tore his clothes, dressed in rough fabric with ashes, and went out into the center of the city, crying loudly and bitterly.
Esther 4:2 They came up to the king's entrance, but no one could go through the king's entrance wearing sackcloth.
Esther 4:3 In every area where the king's rule and order went, the Jews mourned deeply, fasted, cried, and wailed; many wore rough cloth and put ashes on themselves.
Esther 4:4 Esther's servants and attendants came and told her. Then the queen was very sad; she sent clothes to dress Mordecai and to remove his sackcloth from him, but he didn't accept them.
Esther 4:5 Esther asked Hatach, one of the king's officials serving her, to go and find out from Mordecai what was happening and why.
Esther 4:6 So Hatach went to Mordecai in the city street in front of the king's gate.
Esther 4:7 Mordecai explained everything that happened to him and how much money Haman agreed to give to the king's treasury to kill the Jews.
Esther 4:8 He also gave him the text of the order issued in Shushan to kill them, so he could show it to Esther, tell her about it, and instruct her to plead with the king and ask him to save her people.
Esther 4:9 Hatach came and told Esther what Mordecai said.
Esther 4:10 Again, Esther spoke to Hatach and told him to give a message to Mordecai.
Esther 4:11 All the king's workers and the people in the king's lands know that anyone, man or woman, who goes to the king in the inner court without being invited must be put to death. The only way they can be saved is if the king shows them the golden scepter so they can live. But I have not been called to see the king for thirty days.
Esther 4:12 They reported Esther's words to Mordecai.
Esther 4:13 Mordecai told Esther, "Don't think you alone will escape from this danger at the palace, more than any other Jews."
Esther 4:14 If you stay silent now, the Jews will get help and freedom from somewhere else; but you and your family will be destroyed. And who knows if you were made queen for a moment like this?
Esther 4:15 Then Esther told them to give Mordecai this reply.
Esther 4:16 Go, get all the Jews in Shushan to fast for me. Don't eat or drink for three days, night or day. My maids and I will also fast. Then I'll go to the king, even though it's against the law. If I die, I die.
Esther 4:17 Mordecai left and did everything Esther told him to do.

Esther 5:1 On the third day, Esther dressed in her royal clothes and stood in the inner part of the palace, across from the king's rooms. The king was seated on his royal throne in the palace, facing the entrance.
Esther 5:2 When the king saw Queen Esther in the courtyard, she won his favor, and he offered her the golden scepter he held. Esther approached and touched the tip of the scepter.
Esther 5:3 The king said to her, "What do you want, Queen Esther? What do you ask for? You will be given up to half of the kingdom."
Esther 5:4 Esther answered, "If it pleases the king, let the king and Haman come today to the feast I have prepared for him."
Esther 5:5 Then the king ordered, "Hurry Haman, so he can do what Esther asked." So the king and Haman went to the feast Esther had made.
Esther 5:6 The king asked Esther at the wine feast, "What do you want? It will be given to you. What do you ask for? Up to half the kingdom, it will be done."
Esther 5:7 Esther answered, "Here is what I ask for."
Esther 5:8 If the king likes me and agrees to my wish and request, may the king and Haman join the meal I prepare for them, and tomorrow I will follow the king's instructions.
Esther 5:9 Haman left that day happy and cheerful, but when he saw Mordecai at the king's gate not standing or moving for him, he was very angry at Mordecai.
Esther 5:10 Even though Haman held back his anger, when he got home, he called his friends and his wife Zeresh to come over.
Esther 5:11 Haman bragged about how rich he was, how many children he had, all the ways the king had honored him, and how he was higher in rank than the other leaders and workers of the king.
Esther 5:12 Haman also said, "Yes, Queen Esther allowed no one else to come to the feast she prepared for the king, just me; and tomorrow I am invited to join her and the king again."
Esther 5:13 But all this means nothing to me as long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate.
Esther 5:14 Zeresh, his wife, and all his friends said to him, "Make a tall gallows, fifty cubits high, and tomorrow ask the king to hang Mordecai on it. Then you can go happily with the king to the feast." Haman liked the idea and had the gallows built.

Esther 6:1 That night the king could not sleep, so he ordered the record book of past events to be brought and read to him.
Esther 6:2 It was recorded that Mordecai reported Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's guards, who planned to attack King Ahasuerus.
Esther 6:3 The king asked, "What honor and respect has Mordecai received for this?" The king's servants who served him replied, "Nothing has been done for him."
Esther 6:4 The king asked, "Who is in the court?" Just then, Haman arrived in the outer court of the king’s palace, hoping to talk to the king about hanging Mordecai on the gallows he had set up for him.
Esther 6:5 The king's helpers told him, "Look, Haman is standing in the courtyard." And the king said, "Let him come in."
Esther 6:6 So Haman arrived. And the king asked him, "What should be done for the man the king wants to honor?" Haman thought to himself, "Who would the king want to honor more than me?"
Esther 6:7 Haman told the king, "For the man the king likes to honor,
Esther 6:8 Bring the king's fancy clothes, the horse the king rides, and the royal crown that is placed on his head.
Esther 6:9 Give these clothes and horse to one of the king's top princes, so they can dress the man the king wants to honor. Then have him ride through the city streets while they announce, "This is how the man the king wants to honor is treated."
Esther 6:10 The king told Haman, "Hurry and take the clothes and the horse, as you suggested, and do the same for Mordecai the Jew, who sits at the palace entrance. Don't leave out anything you mentioned."
Esther 6:11 Haman took the clothes and the horse, dressed Mordecai, and led him on the horse through the city streets, announcing, "This is how the man the king wants to honor will be treated."
Esther 6:12 Mordecai went back to the king's entrance. But Haman hurried to his home, sad, with his head covered.
Esther 6:13 Haman told his wife Zeresh and all his friends everything that had happened to him. Then his wise friends and his wife Zeresh said to him, "If Mordecai is from the Jewish people, and you have started to lose to him, you will not win against him, but you will definitely lose to him."
Esther 6:14 While they were still chatting with him, the king's attendants arrived and quickly took Haman to the feast Esther had set up.

Esther 7:1 The king and Haman went to dine with Queen Esther.
Esther 7:2 The king spoke to Queen Esther again on the second day during the wine banquet, asking, "What do you wish for, Queen Esther? It will be given to you. What do you want to ask for? It will be done, up to half of the kingdom."
Esther 7:3 Queen Esther answered, "If I have pleased you, O king, and if you wish, please spare my life and save my people, as I have asked."
Esther 7:4 My people and I are sold to be killed and wiped out. If we were just sold as slaves, I would be quiet, even though the loss wouldn't make up for the king's loss.
Esther 7:5 Then King Ahasuerus replied to Queen Esther, "Who is he, and where is he, who dared to do this in his heart?"
Esther 7:6 Esther said, "This evil Haman is our enemy." Then Haman became scared in front of the king and queen.
Esther 7:7 The king, angry after his wine feast, went into the palace garden. Haman stood up to beg Queen Esther to save his life, for he knew the king intended harm against him.
Esther 7:8 Then the king came back from the palace garden to the wine banquet room, and he saw Haman lying on the couch where Esther was. The king asked, "Is he trying to attack the queen right here in front of me in the palace?" As soon as the king finished speaking, they covered Haman's face.
Esther 7:9 Harbonah, one of the king's servants, said to the king, "Look, there are the gallows, fifty cubits tall, which Haman built for Mordecai, who had spoken well of the king, standing at Haman's house." Then the king said, "Hang him on it."
Esther 7:10 They hung Haman on the same gallows he built for Mordecai. This calmed the king's anger.

Esther 8:1 On that day, King Ahasuerus gave Queen Esther the house of Haman, the enemy of the Jews. Mordecai came to the king because Esther had explained who he was to her.
Esther 8:2 The king removed his ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it to Mordecai. Esther made Mordecai in charge of Haman's property.
Esther 8:3 Esther spoke to the king again, knelt at his feet, and cried, asking him to stop the evil plans of Haman the Agagite against the Jews.
Esther 8:4 The king reached out his gold staff to Esther. Then Esther got up and stood in front of the king.
Esther 8:5 She said, "If the king agrees and I have his favor, if he thinks it's the right thing to do and he is pleased with me, let an order be made to cancel the plans Haman, the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, made. He wrote these plans to kill the Jews in all the king's lands."
Esther 8:6 How can I bear to see the harm that will happen to my people, or watch my relatives be destroyed?
Esther 8:7 Then King Ahasuerus told Queen Esther and Mordecai the Jew, "Look, I have given Esther Haman's house, and they have hanged him because he attacked the Jews."
Esther 8:8 Write a letter for the Jews in the king's name as you wish, and seal it with the king's ring, because no one can change a letter written and sealed with the king's ring.
Esther 8:9 The king's writers were called in the third month, the month of Sivan, on the twenty-third day. Everything Mordecai ordered was written for the Jews, the officials, and the leaders of the 127 provinces from India to Ethiopia. Each province got the order in its own script and language, and so did the Jews in their script and language.
Esther 8:10 He wrote in King Ahasuerus' name, sealed it with the king's ring, and sent letters by messengers on horseback and riders on mules, camels, and young camels.
Esther 8:11 The king allowed the Jews in every city to unite and defend their lives, to kill and eliminate any group or region that attacked them, including children and women, and to take their belongings as loot.
Esther 8:12 On one day in all the areas ruled by King Ahasuerus, specifically on the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, the month Adar.
Esther 8:13 The text of the order to be announced in every province was made known to everyone, so the Jews could prepare to defend themselves against their enemies on that day.
Esther 8:14 The messengers who rode on mules and camels left quickly, pushed by the king's order, and the law was announced in Shushan the palace.
Esther 8:15 Mordecai left the king dressed in blue and white royal clothes, with a big gold crown, and clothes of good linen and purple. The city of Shushan was happy and glad.
Esther 8:16 The Jews had brightness, happiness, joy, and respect.
Esther 8:17 In every region and city where the king's orders reached, the Jews felt joy and happiness, celebrated with a feast, and had a good day. Many local people became Jews because they were afraid of the Jews.

Esther 9:1 In the twelfth month, called Adar, on the thirteenth day, as the time for the king's command and law to be acted on came close, when the Jews' enemies hoped to control them, things changed so that the Jews gained power over those who hated them.
Esther 9:2 The Jews came together in their cities in all the king Ahasuerus's provinces to act against those who wanted to harm them, and no one could oppose them because everyone was afraid of them.
Esther 9:3 All the province leaders, assistants, officials, and the king's workers helped the Jews, because they were afraid of Mordecai.
Esther 9:4 Mordecai became very important in the king's palace, and his reputation spread through all the provinces: Mordecai became more and more respected.
Esther 9:5 The Jews defeated all their enemies with swords, killing and destroying them, and did as they pleased to those who hated them.
Esther 9:6 In the palace of Shushan, the Jews killed five hundred men.
Esther 9:7 Parshandatha, Dalphon, and Aspatha,
Esther 9:8 And Poratha, Adalia, and Aridatha,
Esther 9:9 And Parmashta, Arisai, Aridai, and Vajezatha,
Esther 9:10 They killed the ten sons of Haman, Hammedatha's son, who was an enemy of the Jews, but they did not take any of the loot.
Esther 9:11 On that day, they told the king how many people were killed in the palace of Shushan.
Esther 9:12 The king said to Queen Esther, "The Jews have killed five hundred men and Haman's ten sons in the palace at Shushan. What have they done in the other parts of the kingdom? Now, what do you want to ask for? It will be given to you. What more do you request? It will be done."
Esther 9:13 Then Esther said, "If the king agrees, let the Jews in Shushan have tomorrow to do as today's order allows, and hang Haman's ten sons on the gallows."
Esther 9:14 The king ordered it, and they announced the law in Shushan; they hanged the ten sons of Haman.
Esther 9:15 The Jews in Shushan came together on the fourteenth day of the month Adar and killed three hundred men in Shushan; however, they did not take any of the things that belonged to those they killed.
Esther 9:16 The other Jews in the king's lands came together, defended their lives, found peace from their enemies, and killed 75,000 of their foes, but they didn't take any of the spoils.
Esther 9:17 On the thirteenth day of the month Adar, and on the fourteenth day, they rested, and they made it a day of feasting and joy.
Esther 9:18 The Jewish people in Shushan gathered on the thirteenth day, and also on the fourteenth; then, on the fifteenth day, they rested and celebrated with a feast and joy.
Esther 9:19 So the Jews living in the villages and towns without walls celebrated the fourteenth day of the month Adar as a happy day with feasting and by giving food to each other.
Esther 9:20 Mordecai wrote these things and sent letters to all the Jews in every province of King Ahasuerus, near and far.
Esther 9:21 To make sure they celebrate the fourteenth and fifteenth days of the month Adar every year.
Esther 9:22 Like the days when the Jews had rest from their enemies, and when their sadness turned into happiness, and their grieving into celebration, they should make these days full of feasting and happiness, sharing food with each other, and giving presents to the poor.
Esther 9:23 The Jews agreed to continue the tradition they had started, just as Mordecai had instructed them.
Esther 9:24 Because Haman, son of Hammedatha the Agagite who was the enemy of all the Jews, planned to destroy the Jews and cast lots to finish them and wipe them out.
Esther 9:25 But when Esther approached the king, he ordered by letter that his evil plan against the Jews should backfire on him, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows.
Esther 9:26 That's why they named these days Purim after the word Pur. So because of everything written in this letter, what they had seen about this event, and what had happened to them,
Esther 9:27 The Jewish people decided and agreed, both they and their descendants, and all who would join them, to always observe these two days every year as written and at the set time.
Esther 9:28 These days must be remembered and celebrated by every generation, every family, every region, and every city. The days of Purim should never be forgotten by the Jews, nor should the memory of them disappear from their descendants.
Esther 9:29 Queen Esther, daughter of Abihail, and Mordecai the Jew, wrote with full authority to make sure this second Purim letter was accepted.
Esther 9:30 He sent letters to all the Jews in the 127 provinces of King Ahasuerus's kingdom, with messages of peace and truth.
Esther 9:31 To set these Purim days at their fixed times, as Mordecai the Jew and Queen Esther had told them to, and as they had decided for themselves and their descendants, about the fasts and their pleading.
Esther 9:32 Esther's order made Purim rules official, and they were written down.

Esther 10:1 The king Ahasuerus put a tax on the land and the islands of the sea.
Esther 10:2 Every powerful act and every display of his strength, along with the story of how great Mordecai became, which the king recognized, are all recorded in the history book of the kings of Media and Persia, aren't they?
Esther 10:3 Mordecai the Jew was close to King Ahasuerus, respected by many Jews, and he looked after the well-being of his people and promoted peace among them.

Job 1:1 In the land of Uz, there lived a man named Job. He was blameless and honest, feared God, and avoided evil.
Job 1:2 He had seven sons and three daughters.
Job 1:3 He also had seven thousand sheep, three thousand camels, five hundred pairs of oxen, five hundred female donkeys, and a huge family. So he was the richest man in the east.
Job 1:4 His sons had parties in their own homes, each on his special day; and they invited their three sisters to eat and drink with them.
Job 1:5 When the feasting days were over, Job would make his children holy, get up early, and give burnt offerings for each one. He thought, "Maybe my sons have done wrong and thought bad things about God." Job did this all the time.
Job 1:6 One day, the children of God gathered in front of God, and Satan joined them too.
Job 1:7 God asked Satan, "Where do you come from?" Satan answered God, "I have been roaming around the earth, going back and forth on it."
Job 1:8 God said to Satan, "Have you noticed my servant Job? There is no one like him on earth, a perfect and honest man who respects God and avoids evil."
Job 1:9 Then Satan replied to God, "Does Job respect God for nothing?"
Job 1:10 Haven't you protected him, his house, and everything he has on all sides? You have blessed what he does, and his wealth has grown in the land.
Job 1:11 Reach out now and strike everything he owns, and he will surely insult you to your face.
Job 1:12 God said to Satan, "Look, all he has is under your control; but do not hurt him." So Satan left God's presence.
Job 1:13 One day his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in the oldest brother's house.
Job 1:14 A messenger came to Job and said, "The oxen were plowing and the donkeys were eating nearby."
Job 1:15 The Sabeans attacked and captured them; they killed the workers with swords; I alone escaped to tell you.
Job 1:16 While he was still talking, another person came and said, "Fire from God fell from the sky and burned up the sheep and the workers, and I'm the only one who got away to tell you."
Job 1:17 While he was still talking, another person came and said, "The Chaldeans formed three groups, attacked the camels, took them, and also killed the workers with swords; only I have escaped to tell you."
Job 1:18 While he was still talking, another one came and said, "Your sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother's house."
Job 1:19 Suddenly, a strong wind from the desert struck all four sides of the house, and it collapsed on the young men, and they died; I am the only one who got away to tell you.
Job 1:20 Then Job stood up, tore his robe, shaved his head, fell to the ground, and worshiped.
Job 1:21 I was born with nothing, and I will die with nothing: God gave, and God has taken away; praise God's name.
Job 1:22 In all this, Job did not sin or blame God wrongly.

Job 2:1 Once more, a time came when God's children appeared before God, and Satan also arrived with them to present himself before God.
Job 2:2 God asked Satan, "Where did you come from?" Satan replied to God, "I've been roaming around the earth and walking back and forth on it."
Job 2:3 God said to Satan, "Have you noticed my servant Job? There's no one like him on earth. He's a perfect and honest man who respects God and stays away from evil. Yet he keeps his goodness, even though you convinced me to harm him for no reason."
Job 2:4 And Satan replied to God, "Surely one will give everything they have to save their own life."
Job 2:5 Reach out now and hurt his bones and flesh, and he will surely curse you to your face.
Job 2:6 God said to Satan, "Look, he is in your power, but spare his life."
Job 2:7 Satan left from being with God and gave Job painful sores from the bottom of his feet to the top of his head.
Job 2:8 He took a piece of broken pottery to scratch himself with and sat down in the ashes.
Job 2:9 His wife said to him, "Are you still holding on to your goodness? Curse God and die."
Job 2:10 He told her, "You talk like a foolish woman. Should we accept only good from God and not trouble?" Despite everything, Job did not say anything wrong.
Job 2:11 When Job's three friends learned about all the bad things that had happened to him, each came from his own home: Eliphaz from Teman, Bildad from Shuah, and Zophar from Naamah. They had agreed to meet and go to sympathize with him and to comfort him.
Job 2:12 When they looked up and didn't recognize him from far away, they cried out loud, tore their clothes, and threw dust on their heads, looking up to the sky.
Job 2:13 They sat with him on the ground for seven days and nights without speaking because they saw his sorrow was very deep.

Job 3:1 After this, Job opened his mouth and cursed his day.
Job 3:2 Job spoke and said,
Job 3:3 Let the day I was born disappear, and the night that said, "A baby boy is conceived."
Job 3:4 Let that day be dark; may God not notice it from above, nor let light shine on it.
Job 3:5 Let darkness and death's shadow mark it; let a cloud cover it; let the day's darkness scare it.
Job 3:6 Let that night be dark; may it not be included among the days of the year or counted in the months.
Job 3:7 Look, let that night be alone, let no happy voice be heard in it.
Job 3:8 Let those who curse the day do so, those who are prepared to wake up their sadness.
Job 3:9 Let the stars of its dusk become dark; let it hope for light, yet find none; and let it not witness the break of dawn.
Job 3:10 Because it did not close the doors of my mother's womb or keep sadness from my eyes.
Job 3:11 Why didn't I die at birth? Why didn't I stop breathing when I was born?
Job 3:12 Why did I have knees to sit on, or breasts to feed from?
Job 3:13 By now, I would be lying down in peace; I would be asleep and at rest.
Job 3:14 With leaders and advisors of the earth, who build ruined places for themselves;
Job 3:15 Or with leaders who had gold, who filled their homes with silver:
Job 3:16 Or I would have been like a baby born too early that never lived, as babies who never saw light.
Job 3:17 There the bad people stop causing trouble; and there the tired people rest.
Job 3:18 There the prisoners find peace; they do not hear the voice of the one who keeps them down.
Job 3:19 Both important and unimportant people are there; and the servant is no longer bound to their boss.
Job 3:20 Why is light given to those in misery, and life to those with bitter hearts?
Job 3:21 They want to die, but it doesn't happen; they search for death more eagerly than for hidden treasures.
Job 3:22 Who are very happy and glad when they find the grave?
Job 3:23 Why is light given to a person whose path is hidden, and whom God has surrounded?
Job 3:24 I sigh before I eat, and my loud cries flow like water.
Job 3:25 What I feared most has happened to me, and what I was scared of has come true.
Job 3:26 I was not safe, nor at rest, nor peaceful; still, trouble came.

Job 4:1 Then Eliphaz from Teman replied,
Job 4:2 If we try to talk with you, will you be upset? But who can stop themselves from speaking?
Job 4:3 Look, you have taught many people, and you have given strength to tired hands.
Job 4:4 Your words have supported the one who was falling, and you have made weak knees strong.
Job 4:5 Now it has happened to you, and you are weak; it affects you, and you are upset.
Job 4:6 Isn't this what you respect, what you trust, what you hope for, and how right you act?
Job 4:7 Please remember, who has ever died being innocent? Or when have the good people been destroyed?
Job 4:8 I have seen that those who do bad things and spread evil will get the same in return.
Job 4:9 With God's powerful breath, they are destroyed, and by his breath, they vanish.
Job 4:10 The lion's roar, the fierce lion's voice, and the young lions' teeth are all broken.
Job 4:11 The old lion dies because it has no food, and the strong lion's cubs are spread out far away.
Job 4:12 Someone secretly told me something, and I heard a bit of it.
Job 4:13 In thoughts from night visions, when deep sleep falls on people,
Job 4:14 I felt afraid and shook all over, making my bones tremble.
Job 4:15 Suddenly, a spirit moved in front of me, and the hair on my body stood up.
Job 4:16 It stood still, but I couldn't see its shape clearly: a figure was in front of my eyes, everything was quiet, and I heard a voice speaking.
Job 4:17 Can a human be more fair than God? Can someone be purer than the one who created him?
Job 4:18 Look, he doesn't trust his servants, and he accuses his angels of errors.
Job 4:19 How much less can those living in clay houses trust in themselves, when their very foundation is dust and they can be destroyed as easily as a moth?
Job 4:20 They are ruined from dawn to dusk; they vanish forever without anyone caring.
Job 4:21 Doesn't their greatness leave them? They die without wisdom.

Job 5:1 Call now; see if anyone will answer you; to which holy person will you turn?
Job 5:2 Anger kills the foolish person, and jealousy kills the naive one.
Job 5:3 I saw the fool grow strong, but quickly I said his home would fail.
Job 5:4 His children are not safe, they are beaten down at the city entrance, and no one is there to save them.
Job 5:5 The hungry eat what they harvest and take it from the thorns, while thieves consume their wealth.
Job 5:6 Trouble doesn't come from the dust, nor does problem grow from the ground.
Job 5:7 A person is born to face trouble, just like sparks rise up.
Job 5:8 I would ask God for help, and to God, I would entrust my problems.
Job 5:9 God does great things beyond understanding and countless wonders.
Job 5:10 God gives rain on the earth and sends water to the fields.
Job 5:11 To lift up those who are down and to raise those who grieve to a place of safety.
Job 5:12 He ruins the plans of the clever, so they can't succeed in what they do.
Job 5:13 God catches the clever in their tricks, and the plans of the deceitful rush to an end.
Job 5:14 They face darkness during the day and fumble at noon as if it were night.
Job 5:15 God saves the poor from violence, from being spoken against, and from the power of the strong.
Job 5:16 So the poor have hope, and wrongdoing is silenced.
Job 5:17 Look, the person whom God corrects is happy, so do not hate God's discipline.
Job 5:18 God causes pain and then heals; He injures, but His hands also heal.
Job 5:19 God will rescue you from six disasters; even in seven, no harm will come to you.
Job 5:20 In hunger, God will save you from death, and in battle, from the sword's force.
Job 5:21 You will be protected from harmful words, and you won't fear disaster when it arrives.
Job 5:22 When disaster and hunger come, you will laugh; you won't be scared of the earth's wild animals.
Job 5:23 You will have an agreement with the stones of the field: and the wild animals will be peaceful with you.
Job 5:24 You will know that your home will be safe; you will check on your place and will not do wrong.
Job 5:25 You will also know that your descendants will be many and your children will cover the earth like grass.
Job 5:26 You will reach old age and die, just like corn is harvested when it's ready.
Job 5:27 Look, we have checked this, so it is true; listen to it, and understand it for your benefit.

Job 6:1 But Job replied and spoke,
Job 6:2 I wish my sorrow could be fully measured, and my troubles put on scales at the same time.
Job 6:3 It's heavier than sea sand now; that's why I can't express my words.
Job 6:4 God's arrows are inside me, their poison drains my spirit; God's terrors line up against me.
Job 6:5 Does the wild donkey call out when it has grass? Or does the ox moo over its feed?
Job 6:6 Can you eat tasteless food without salt? Or is there any flavor in egg whites?
Job 6:7 The things I didn't want to touch now feel like my sad food.
Job 6:8 I wish I could get what I ask for, and that God would give me what I deeply desire.
Job 6:9 I wish God would decide to crush me, release his grip, and end my life.
Job 6:10 Then I would still be comforted. Even though I suffer, I would be brave. Let God not hold back, because I have not hidden the words of God.
Job 6:11 What strength do I have to hope? What is my future that I should extend my life?
Job 6:12 Am I as strong as rocks? Is my body made of bronze?
Job 6:13 Isn't my help within me? And has wisdom completely left me?
Job 6:14 A friend should be kind to someone who is suffering, but he ignores respecting God.
Job 6:15 My brothers have been as unreliable as a stream, like the water in streams that disappears.
Job 6:16 They are dark because of the ice, and snow is hidden in them.
Job 6:17 When they get warm, they disappear; when it's hot, they are gone from where they were.
Job 6:18 Their paths have changed direction; they lead to nowhere and end in destruction.
Job 6:19 The soldiers from Tema searched, and the groups from Sheba waited for them.
Job 6:20 They were confused because they had hope; they went there and felt embarrassed.
Job 6:21 You are now worth nothing; you see my downfall, and you are scared.
Job 6:22 Did I ask you to bring something to me or to give me a gift from what you own?
Job 6:23 Save me from my enemy’s grasp, or rescue me from the clutches of the powerful?
Job 6:24 Instruct me, and I will be quiet; show me where I have made mistakes.
Job 6:25 How powerful are true words! But what does your arguing prove?
Job 6:26 Do you think you can correct mere words when someone in despair speaks as if they are just wind?
Job 6:27 Yes, you overpower the orphans and trap your friend.
Job 6:28 So now, be satisfied and look at me; it is clear to you if I am lying.
Job 6:29 Please come back, don't think it's wrong; yes, come back, my goodness is in it.
Job 6:30 Is there wrongdoing in my words? Can't I tell what is wrong?

Job 7:1 Doesn't everyone have a set time to live on earth? Aren't their days like those of a worker?
Job 7:2 Like a worker who really wants rest, and like an employee eager for their pay.
Job 7:3 I am given months of emptiness and nights of trouble are set for me.
Job 7:4 When I go to bed, I think, "When will I get up and the night be over?" I am restless until morning comes.
Job 7:5 My body is covered with worms and dirt clumps; my skin is cracked and disgusting.
Job 7:6 My days go by faster than a weaver's tool, and they end without hope.
Job 7:7 Please remember my life is like the wind: I will not see happiness again.
Job 7:8 The person who has seen me won't see me again: you watch me, but I'm gone.
Job 7:9 Just like a cloud disappears and is gone, so is the person who dies and will not rise again.
Job 7:10 He will not go back to his home, and his place will not recognize him anymore.
Job 7:11 So I won't hold back my words; I will speak because my spirit is in pain; I will express my soul's deep sorrow.
Job 7:12 Am I the sea, or a big fish, that you keep watch over me?
Job 7:13 When I say, "My bed will comfort me, my sofa will soothe my worries,"
Job 7:14 You frighten me with dreams and scare me with visions.
Job 7:15 So my soul prefers suffocating, and death over my life.
Job 7:16 I hate it; I don't want to live forever: leave me alone; my days are pointless.
Job 7:17 Who is a person that you make so important and think so much about them?
Job 7:18 You visit him every morning and test him every moment?
Job 7:19 How long will you not leave me, or give me a moment's peace?
Job 7:20 I have sinned; what should I do to you, God, protector of people? Why have you made me your target, so that I am a problem to myself?
Job 7:21 Why don't you forgive my wrong and remove my sin? For soon I will lie in the earth; you will look for me in the morning, but I won't be there.

Job 8:1 Bildad the Shuhite replied, saying,
Job 8:2 How long will you keep talking like this? How long will your words blow like a strong wind?
Job 8:3 Does God twist fairness? Or does the Almighty twist what's right?
Job 8:4 If your children sinned against God, and he has rejected them for their wrongdoing;
Job 8:5 If you seek God early and pray to the All-powerful;
Job 8:6 If you were pure and honest, surely now God would act for you and make your righteous home successful.
Job 8:7 Even if you started small, your future will grow a lot.
Job 8:8 Please ask about the past, and get ready to learn from your ancestors.
Job 8:9 We have only been here for a short time and know very little, because our lives on earth are like a passing shadow.
Job 8:10 Won't they teach you, talk to you, and speak heartfelt words to you?
Job 8:11 Can reeds grow without mud? Can plants grow without water?
Job 8:12 While it is still green and not cut, it dries up before any other plant.
Job 8:13 The ways of all who forget God lead to nothing, and the fake person's hope will vanish.
Job 8:14 Those whose hope will get cut off, and who rely on something as weak as a spider's web.
Job 8:15 He will rely on his house, but it won't last; he will hold it tightly, but it won't remain.
Job 8:16 He thrives in the sunlight, and his branches spread out in his garden.
Job 8:17 His roots twist around the pile of rocks and reach into the stony ground.
Job 8:18 If he is destroyed from his place, then it will reject him, saying, I have never seen you.
Job 8:19 Look, this is the happiness of his path, and from the ground others will rise.
Job 8:20 Look, God will not reject a good person, nor will he support those who do wrong.
Job 8:21 Until he makes your mouth laugh and your lips shout with joy.
Job 8:22 Those who hate you will be covered with shame; the home of the evil will become nothing.

Job 9:1 Then Job replied and spoke,
Job 9:2 I know it's true: but how can a person be right with God?
Job 9:3 If he argues with God, he cannot reply to even one out of a thousand questions.
Job 9:4 He is smart in his heart and very strong: who has resisted him and succeeded?
Job 9:5 God moves the mountains without their knowing and turns them over in anger.
Job 9:6 God shakes the earth from its place, making its pillars tremble.
Job 9:7 Who commands the sun not to rise and seals the stars.
Job 9:8 Who alone stretches out the sky and walks on the sea's waves.
Job 9:9 God made the stars Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades and the hidden places of the south.
Job 9:10 God does great things beyond understanding and countless wonders.
Job 9:11 Look, he moves past me, but I don't see him; he goes by, but I don't notice him.
Job 9:12 Look, when God takes something, who can stop Him? Who will ask Him, "What are you doing?"
Job 9:13 If God does not stop being angry, the prideful supporters must bow down to him.
Job 9:14 How much less can I reply to God and carefully select my words to argue with Him?
Job 9:15 Even if I were right, I would not respond but ask for mercy from my judge.
Job 9:16 If I had called and he had answered me, I still wouldn't believe that he listened to my voice.
Job 9:17 He crushes me with a storm and gives me many wounds for no reason.
Job 9:18 He won't let me catch my breath, but fills me with sadness.
Job 9:19 If I talk about power, God is powerful; and if about fairness, who can schedule a time for my case?
Job 9:20 If I claim to be right, my own words will show I'm wrong: if I claim to be perfect, they will show I'm not.
Job 9:21 Even if I were perfect, I still would not understand myself; I would hate my life.
Job 9:22 I said this because God destroys both the good and the bad.
Job 9:23 If a disaster kills unexpectedly, God will mock when the innocent are tested.
Job 9:24 God has let wicked people control the earth; they hide the truth from its judges. If this isn't so, who else could it be?
Job 9:25 Now my days pass faster than a messenger: they rush by and see nothing good.
Job 9:26 They have gone by like fast ships, like an eagle swooping down on its food.
Job 9:27 If I decide to forget my troubles, to put aside my sadness, and to cheer myself up:
Job 9:28 I am scared of all my troubles; I know you will not find me innocent.
Job 9:29 If I am bad, why do I work for nothing?
Job 9:30 If I clean myself with snow and wash my hands very well;
Job 9:31 You will push me into a pit, and my own clothes will disgust me.
Job 9:32 He is not a person like me that I could reply to him or that we could meet in court.
Job 9:33 There is no mediator between us to put a hand on both of us.
Job 9:34 Let him stop using his rod on me, so his fear won't scare me.
Job 9:35 I would talk without being afraid of him; but that is not my situation.

Job 10:1 I am tired of my life; I will not hold back my complaints; I will speak from my heart's bitterness.
Job 10:2 I will tell God, "Do not judge me; tell me why you argue with me."
Job 10:3 Is it right for you to be unfair, to reject what you have created, and to favor the plans of the evil?
Job 10:4 Do you have human eyes? Or do you see as a person sees?
Job 10:5 Are your days like a human's days? Are your years like a person's years?
Job 10:6 You ask about my wrongs and search for my sins?
Job 10:7 You know I am not wicked; no one can rescue from your hand.
Job 10:8 Your hands made and shaped me completely; but now you are destroying me.
Job 10:9 Please remember you created me from clay; will you turn me back into dust?
Job 10:10 Did you not pour me out like milk and thicken me like cheese?
Job 10:11 You dressed me with skin and flesh, and built me with bones and muscles.
Job 10:12 You have given me life and kindness, and your care has kept my spirit safe.
Job 10:13 You have kept these things hidden in your heart; I know you understand this.
Job 10:14 If I do wrong, you notice it, and you will not clear me of my guilt.
Job 10:15 If I am evil, trouble is upon me; and if I am good, I still can't hold my head high. I am totally confused; so see my suffering.
Job 10:16 It grows. You chase me like a fierce lion, and then you do amazing things to me again.
Job 10:17 You create new evidence against me and grow angrier with me; changes and conflict oppose me.
Job 10:18 Why did you bring me out of the womb? I wish I had died before anyone saw me!
Job 10:19 I would have been like I never existed; I would have been taken from birth to the grave.
Job 10:20 Aren't my days short? Stop and leave me be, so I can have a little comfort.
Job 10:21 Before I go to a place I cannot come back from, to the land of darkness and death's shadow;
Job 10:22 A land of total darkness, like the deepest darkness; a place of death's shadow, without any order, where even the light is dark.

Job 11:1 Zophar from Naama replied, saying,
Job 11:2 Shouldn't many words get a reply? And should a chatty person be right?
Job 11:3 Do your lies make people stay silent? When you mock, doesn't anyone make you feel ashamed?
Job 11:4 You have said, "My teaching is pure, and I am clean in your sight."
Job 11:5 I wish God would speak and tell you off.
Job 11:6 God wants to show you the deep secrets of wisdom, which are twice as much as what exists. Understand then that God asks from you less than your wrongs deserve.
Job 11:7 Can you find out about God by searching? Can you fully understand the Almighty?
Job 11:8 It's as high as the sky; what can you do? It's deeper than the deepest place; what can you know?
Job 11:9 Its size is longer than the earth and wider than the sea.
Job 11:10 If he decides, closes in, or brings together, then who can stop him?
Job 11:11 For he knows foolish people: he sees evil too; won't he think about it?
Job 11:12 Empty-headed people want to seem wise, even though they are born as wild as a donkey's foal.
Job 11:13 If you get your heart ready and reach out your hands to him;
Job 11:14 If you hold wrongdoing in your hand, put it far from you, and do not let evil live in your homes.
Job 11:15 You will be able to hold your head high without guilt; yes, you will be steady and without fear.
Job 11:16 You will forget your troubles, and think of them like water that has gone by.
Job 11:17 Your future will be brighter than midday: you will glow, you will be like the dawn.
Job 11:18 You will be safe because there is hope; yes, you will look around and lie down without fear.
Job 11:19 You will lie down without fear; many will come to ask for your favor.
Job 11:20 The wicked will lose their sight, won't get away, and their hope will vanish like a dying breath.

Job 12:1 Job answered, saying,
Job 12:2 You must be the people, and wisdom will die with you.
Job 12:3 I understand as much as you do; I am not less than you. Indeed, who doesn't know things like these?
Job 12:4 I am like someone mocked by their neighbor, who calls on God, and he answers: the honest, good person is made fun of.
Job 12:5 Someone who is about to fall is like a lamp that someone comfortable looks down on.
Job 12:6 Thieves live comfortably, and those who challenge God feel safe; into their hands, God gives plenty.
Job 12:7 Ask the animals, and they will teach you; ask the birds of the sky, and they will tell you.
Job 12:8 Talk to the earth, it will teach you; and the fish in the sea will tell you.
Job 12:9 Everyone knows that God has done all this.
Job 12:10 God holds the life of every creature and the breath of all people.
Job 12:11 Doesn't the ear test words? And the mouth taste its food?
Job 12:12 Old people have wisdom; with many years comes understanding.
Job 12:13 He has wisdom and power; he gives advice and understanding.
Job 12:14 Look, he destroys, and it cannot be rebuilt; he imprisons a person, and there can be no escape.
Job 12:15 Look, he stops the waters, and they dry up; he also sends them out, and they flood the land.
Job 12:16 He has power and knowledge: both the tricked and the trickster belong to him.
Job 12:17 He leads advisors away as captives and turns judges into fools.
Job 12:18 He frees kings from their chains and ties a belt around their waists.
Job 12:19 He leads rulers away defeated, and overthrows the powerful.
Job 12:20 God takes away the speech of the reliable and removes the wisdom of the old.
Job 12:21 God shows scorn for rulers and reduces the power of the strong.
Job 12:22 He reveals deep truths from darkness and brings the shadow of death into the light.
Job 12:23 He makes nations grow, and then destroys them; he expands nations, and then reduces them.
Job 12:24 God removes the understanding of the world's leaders and makes them wander in a place without paths.
Job 12:25 They feel around in the dark with no light, and he causes them to stumble like a drunk person.

Job 13:1 I have seen all this with my eyes; my ears have heard and understood it.
Job 13:2 I know what you know; I am not less than you.
Job 13:3 I want to talk to God Almighty, and I wish to discuss with God.
Job 13:4 You create lies and your healing is worthless.
Job 13:5 I wish you would all be completely quiet! It would be wise for you.
Job 13:6 Listen to my arguments and pay attention to what I say.
Job 13:7 Will you speak wrongly for God and talk with lies for him?
Job 13:8 Will you favor him? Will you argue for God?
Job 13:9 Is it right for him to investigate you? Like one person teases another, do you tease him?
Job 13:10 God will certainly correct you if you unfairly favor some people in secret.
Job 13:11 Won't his greatness scare you? And his fear come on you?
Job 13:12 Your memories are like ashes, your forms like clay.
Job 13:13 Stay quiet, leave me be, so I can talk, and whatever happens, let it happen.
Job 13:14 Why do I risk my life and take my own life into my hands?
Job 13:15 Even if he kills me, I will still trust in God; but I will defend my own actions to him.
Job 13:16 He will also be my savior, because a hypocrite will not come before Him.
Job 13:17 Listen carefully to what I say and hear my explanation with your ears.
Job 13:18 Look, I have prepared my case; I know I will be proven right.
Job 13:19 Who will argue with me? For if I stay silent now, I will die.
Job 13:20 Please don't do two things to me; then I won't hide from you.
Job 13:21 Stop punishing me, and don't scare me anymore.
Job 13:22 Then you call, and I will answer; or let me talk, and you reply to me.
Job 13:23 What are my wrongs and sins? Show me what I have done wrong and my sin.
Job 13:24 Why do you hide your face and treat me like your enemy?
Job 13:25 Will you break a leaf blown back and forth? And will you chase the dry straw?
Job 13:26 You write harsh things against me and make me inherit the sins of my youth.
Job 13:27 You put my feet in chains and watch all my ways closely; you leave a mark on the soles of my feet.
Job 13:28 He decays like something rotten, like clothing eaten by moths.

Job 14:1 A person born from a woman lives only a short time and has many problems.
Job 14:2 He blooms like a flower and then is trimmed. He also flees like a shadow and does not stay.
Job 14:3 Do you watch such a person and bring me to trial with you?
Job 14:4 Who can make a clean thing from an unclean one? No one.
Job 14:5 God has set the number of his days, and knows how many months he will live. You have decided his limits, which he cannot go beyond.
Job 14:6 Let him alone so he can have peace until he finishes his workday like a worker.
Job 14:7 A tree has hope because if it's cut down, it can grow back, and its new shoots won't stop.
Job 14:8 Even if its roots grow old in the earth and its stump dies in the ground;
Job 14:9 Even if it smells water, it will sprout and grow branches like a plant.
Job 14:10 When a person dies, they decay; when they stop breathing, where do they go?
Job 14:11 As the water disappears from the sea, and a riverbed becomes dry and empty:
Job 14:12 People lie down and do not rise again; until the sky is gone, they will not wake up or be woken from their sleep.
Job 14:13 I wish you would hide me in the grave and keep me hidden until your anger is over, then set a time to remember me.
Job 14:14 If someone dies, will they live again? I will wait for all the days set for me until it is my turn to change.
Job 14:15 You will call, and I will answer you; you will long for what your hands have made.
Job 14:16 You count my steps now; are you not keeping watch on my sin?
Job 14:17 My wrong is locked in a bag, and you stitch up my sin.
Job 14:18 Mountains crumble and disappear, and rocks are moved from their spots.
Job 14:19 Water wears down stones; you wash away the soil's growth; you crush human hopes.
Job 14:20 You always win against him, and he goes away; you change his face, and send him off.
Job 14:21 His sons achieve honor but he doesn't know it; they are humbled, yet he doesn't notice.
Job 14:22 His body will feel pain, and his heart will be sad.

Job 15:1 Eliphaz from Teman replied and said.
Job 15:2 Should a wise person speak empty words and fill themselves with useless thoughts?
Job 15:3 Should he argue with useless words or speak where he can do no good?
Job 15:4 Yes, you throw away respect and stop praying to God.
Job 15:5 Your mouth speaks your wrongs, and you talk like a tricky person.
Job 15:6 Your own words condemn you, not me; your own lips speak against you.
Job 15:7 Are you the first man who was born? Or were you created before the hills?
Job 15:8 Have you heard God's secret? And do you keep wisdom to yourself?
Job 15:9 What do you know that we don't? What do you understand that we don't have in us?
Job 15:10 With us are old men with gray hair, much older than your father.
Job 15:11 Is God's comfort unimportant to you? Is there something you are hiding?
Job 15:12 Why does your heart lead you astray? And what are your eyes signaling?
Job 15:13 Are you turning against God and letting such words come out of your mouth?
Job 15:14 Who is a person, that they can be pure? And someone born of a woman, that they can be right?
Job 15:15 Look, God does not fully trust his holy ones; even the skies are not pure in his eyes.
Job 15:16 How much more disgusting and dirty is a person, who drinks up wrong like water?
Job 15:17 I will show you, listen to me; and I will tell you what I have seen.
Job 15:18 Wise people shared wisdom from their ancestors and did not hide it.
Job 15:19 God gave the earth to them alone, and no outsider went among them.
Job 15:20 The bad person suffers through all his days, and the years he will live are unknown to the bully.
Job 15:21 He hears terrifying noises: even when he's doing well, destruction will hit him.
Job 15:22 He doesn't believe he will escape from darkness, and he is expected to meet the sword.
Job 15:23 He roams around looking for bread, asking, "Where is it?" He knows that times of trouble are close by.
Job 15:24 Worry and distress will scare him; they will overcome him, like a king prepared for battle.
Job 15:25 He reaches out his hand against God, and makes himself strong against the Almighty.
Job 15:26 He charges at him, right at his neck, on the thick parts of his shields.
Job 15:27 Because he covers his face with his fat and gets layers of fat on his sides.
Job 15:28 He lives in empty cities, in houses where no one lives, that are about to turn into ruins.
Job 15:29 He will not become rich, his wealth will not last, nor will he keep its success on earth.
Job 15:30 He will not escape the darkness; the fire will wither his branches, and he will be gone with a puff of breath.
Job 15:31 Don't let the person who is fooled trust in things that have no value, because they will only get emptiness in return.
Job 15:32 It will happen before its time, and its sprout will not be green.
Job 15:33 He will lose his young grapes like a vine, and drop his blossoms like an olive tree.
Job 15:34 The group of fakes will be left empty, and fire will burn down the tents of the corrupt.
Job 15:35 They plan trouble, give birth to empty promises, and their hearts breed lies.

Job 16:1 Then Job replied and spoke,
Job 16:2 I have heard many things like this: you are all terrible at comforting.
Job 16:3 Will empty talk ever stop? What makes you so bold to answer?
Job 16:4 I could talk like you if I were in your place. I could make many accusations against you and shake my head at you.
Job 16:5 I would encourage you with my words, and my talking would ease your sadness.
Job 16:6 Even if I talk, my sadness isn't lessened; and if I stay quiet, how am I comforted?
Job 16:7 But now he has made me tired: you have left all my friends alone.
Job 16:8 You have covered me with wrinkles, which stand as proof against me; my thinness is a testimony to my face.
Job 16:9 He violently attacks me in his anger, hating me; he grinds his teeth at me; my enemy glares at me with sharp eyes.
Job 16:10 They opened their mouths wide at me; they slapped my face in insult; they joined together against me.
Job 16:11 God has given me to the bad people, and put me into the hands of the evil ones.
Job 16:12 I was comfortable, but God has torn me apart; He has grabbed my neck and shattered me, and made me a target.
Job 16:13 His archers surround me, he splits my insides apart, and shows no mercy; he spills my bile on the ground.
Job 16:14 He shatters me, breaking me over and over; he charges at me like a giant.
Job 16:15 I have put rough cloth on my skin, and put my strength in the dirt.
Job 16:16 I cry so much my face is dirty, and my eyelids are dark like death.
Job 16:17 I have done nothing wrong, and my prayer is sincere.
Job 16:18 Earth, do not hide my blood, and do not let my cry go unheard.
Job 16:19 Even now, my witness is in heaven, and my evidence is up high.
Job 16:20 My friends mock me, but I cry to God.
Job 16:21 I wish someone could talk to God for a person, just as someone argues for a friend.
Job 16:22 In a few years, I will go on a path from which I won't come back.

Job 17:1 My breath is bad, my days are over, the graves wait for me.
Job 17:2 Aren't there people who mock me around? And doesn't my eye endure their insults?
Job 17:3 Lie down now, make a promise with me; who will agree and shake hands with me?
Job 17:4 You have kept their heart from understanding; so you will not lift them up.
Job 17:5 Whoever uses smooth talk with friends will find even their children's eyes will fail.
Job 17:6 He has made me a joke among the people; before, I was like a drum.
Job 17:7 My eyes are weak from sadness, and my whole body is like a shadow.
Job 17:8 Good people will be shocked at this, and the honest will stand up against the fake.
Job 17:9 Good people will stay on their path, and those with pure actions will become stronger and stronger.
Job 17:10 But all of you, come back now: I can't find one wise person among you.
Job 17:11 My days are gone, my plans are shattered, and so are the hopes of my heart.
Job 17:12 They turn night into day: daylight ends quickly because of the dark.
Job 17:13 If I wait, the grave becomes my home; I have prepared my bed in the dark.
Job 17:14 I told decay, "You are my father." To the worm, "You are my mother and my sister."
Job 17:15 Where is my hope now? Who will see my hope?
Job 17:16 They will go to the gates of the grave when we all rest in the dust together.

Job 18:1 Bildad the Shuhite replied and said,
Job 18:2 How long until you stop talking? Pay attention, and then we will speak.
Job 18:3 Why are we treated like animals and considered disgusting to you?
Job 18:4 He hurts himself in his anger: should the world be abandoned for you? And should the stone be moved from its spot?
Job 18:5 Yes, the wicked's light will go out, and their fire's spark won't shine.
Job 18:6 The light in his tent will become dark, and his lamp will go out with him.
Job 18:7 His strong steps will become tight, and his own plans will make him fall.
Job 18:8 He is trapped in a net by his own steps and walks on a trap.
Job 18:9 A trap will catch him by the foot, and a thief will defeat him.
Job 18:10 A trap is set for him on the ground, and a snare is in his path.
Job 18:11 Fears will scare him from all around and make him run away.
Job 18:12 His strength will be weakened by hunger, and ruin will stand by his side.
Job 18:13 It will eat away the power of his skin; death's firstborn will consume his power.
Job 18:14 His trust will be pulled up from his home, and it will take him to the king of fears.
Job 18:15 It will live in its tent, for it is not its own; sulfur will be spread over its home.
Job 18:16 His roots will dry up below, and his branches will be cut off above.
Job 18:17 People will forget him on earth, and his name will not be spoken in public.
Job 18:18 He will be forced from light to darkness, and driven away from the world.
Job 18:19 He won't have a son or nephew among his people, or anyone left in his home.
Job 18:20 Those who follow him will be amazed at his time, just as those before were terrified.
Job 18:21 These are surely the homes of the evil, and this is where someone who does not know God lives.

Job 19:1 Then Job replied and spoke,
Job 19:2 How long will you trouble me and crush me with your words?
Job 19:3 You have insulted me ten times; you're not ashamed that you've been treating me like a stranger.
Job 19:4 If I have truly made a mistake, it stays with me.
Job 19:5 If you really want to act superior to me and argue against my disgrace:
Job 19:6 Understand that God has defeated me and has surrounded me with his net.
Job 19:7 I shout because of injustice, but no one listens; I cry out, but there is no fairness.
Job 19:8 God has blocked my path so I can't get through, and has made my ways dark.
Job 19:9 He has taken away my honor and removed the crown from my head.
Job 19:10 God has destroyed me on every side, and I am gone; and he has taken away my hope like a tree.
Job 19:11 He has also ignited his anger against me, and he considers me as one of his enemies.
Job 19:12 His soldiers gather, march against me, and camp around my tent.
Job 19:13 He has made my brothers stay away from me, and my friends have truly become strangers to me.
Job 19:14 My relatives have let me down, and my close friends have ignored me.
Job 19:15 Those who live in my house and my servants see me as a stranger; I am like a foreigner to them.
Job 19:16 I called my worker, but he did not respond; I pleaded with him aloud.
Job 19:17 My wife is disgusted by my breath, even though I pleaded for the sake of my own children.
Job 19:18 Even young children looked down on me; when I stood up, they talked against me.
Job 19:19 All my close friends hate me, and those I loved have turned against me.
Job 19:20 My bones stick to my skin and flesh, and I barely escaped with my life.
Job 19:21 Feel sorry for me, my friends, because God has struck me.
Job 19:22 Why do you attack me like God does, and aren't happy with just hurting my body?
Job 19:23 I wish my words were written down! I wish they were recorded in a book!
Job 19:24 They were carved with an iron tool and filled with lead in the rock forever.
Job 19:25 I know that my savior is alive, and he will stand on the earth on the last day.
Job 19:26 Even after my skin is eaten by worms and my body is gone, I will still see God with my own body.
Job 19:27 I will see God myself, my own eyes will look at him, and not a stranger's; even if I am wasting away inside.
Job 19:28 But you should ask, "Why do we persecute him, when the heart of the problem lies within me?"
Job 19:29 Be afraid of the sword: anger brings sword punishments, so you know there is a judgment.

Job 20:1 Zophar from Naamath spoke and said,
Job 20:2 So my thoughts make me reply quickly.
Job 20:3 I have heard the criticism against me, and my insight makes me respond.
Job 20:4 Don't you know this from long ago, since the time humans were put on earth?
Job 20:5 The success of the wicked is brief, and the happiness of the dishonest lasts only a moment.
Job 20:6 Even if he becomes very important and his pride reaches the sky,
Job 20:7 He will die forever like his waste; those who saw him will ask, "Where is he?"
Job 20:8 He will vanish like a dream and not be found; he will be driven away like a night vision.
Job 20:9 The eye that saw him will never see him again; his place will no longer see him.
Job 20:10 His kids will try to help the poor, and his hands will give back their things.
Job 20:11 His bones carry the sins of his youth, which will go down with him to the dirt.
Job 20:12 Even if wrongdoing tastes sweet in his mouth and he hides it under his tongue;
Job 20:13 Even if he doesn't hurt it but leaves it in his mouth without letting it go:
Job 20:14 The food in his stomach has changed; it is like snake poison inside him.
Job 20:15 He has consumed wealth, and he will spit it out again: God will force it from his stomach.
Job 20:16 He will suck the snake's poison: the viper's tongue will kill him.
Job 20:17 He will not see the rivers, the floods, or the streams of honey and cream.
Job 20:18 He must give back what he worked for and cannot keep it; he will return an amount equal to his wealth, but he will not be happy about it.
Job 20:19 Because he hurt and left the poor; because he took a house by force that he did not build.
Job 20:20 He will not find peace within, nor keep what he wanted.
Job 20:21 All his food will be gone; so no one will search for his possessions.
Job 20:22 When he feels most secure, he will be in trouble; every hand of the wicked will attack him.
Job 20:23 When he's about to eat, God will throw his anger at him and make it fall on him as he eats.
Job 20:24 He will run from the iron weapon, and a steel bow will shoot him.
Job 20:25 It is pulled out, and comes from the body; yes, the shiny sword comes from his liver: fears are on him.
Job 20:26 Darkness will hide in his hidden places; a fire not fanned will eat him up; things will go badly for anyone remaining in his tent.
Job 20:27 The sky will show his wrongs; and the ground will stand against him.
Job 20:28 His wealth will disappear, and his possessions will be lost when God is angry.
Job 20:29 This is what a bad person gets from God, the share given to him by God.

Job 21:1 Job replied,
Job 21:2 Listen carefully to what I say, and let this comfort you.
Job 21:3 Let me speak, and after I have spoken, you can mock me.
Job 21:4 Do I complain to people? If that's true, shouldn't I be upset?
Job 21:5 Listen to me, be amazed, and put your hand over your mouth.
Job 21:6 When I think about it, I get scared, and my body starts to shake.
Job 21:7 Why do bad people live long, grow old, and become very strong?
Job 21:8 Their children are secure with them, and they can see their grandchildren.
Job 21:9 Their homes are safe and not afraid, and God's punishment does not touch them.
Job 21:10 Their bull mates without failing; their cow gives birth and does not miscarry.
Job 21:11 They send out their young like a herd, and their kids dance.
Job 21:12 They play tambourines and harps, and are happy to hear the organ's music.
Job 21:13 They live in riches all their days, but suddenly they die.
Job 21:14 So they tell God to go away, because they don't want to know His ways.
Job 21:15 Who is God that we should serve Him? And what do we gain by praying to Him?
Job 21:16 Look, they have no control over their own welfare; I stay away from the plans of the wicked.
Job 21:17 How often is the wicked person's light extinguished! And how often does ruin fall upon them! God gives out sadness in his anger.
Job 21:18 They are like straw in the wind, and like husks that the storm blows away.
Job 21:19 God saves up the wrongs of someone for their children: He punishes them, and they will realize it.
Job 21:20 He will see his own ruin and drink from God's anger.
Job 21:21 Why would he enjoy his house after he's gone if his life is cut short?
Job 21:22 Can anyone teach God knowledge, since He judges even the powerful?
Job 21:23 Someone dies in their prime, feeling completely peaceful and relaxed.
Job 21:24 His chest is full of milk, and his bones are wet with marrow.
Job 21:25 Another person dies feeling bitter and never enjoys their food.
Job 21:26 They will all rest in the ground, and worms will cover them.
Job 21:27 Look, I know what you are thinking and the plans you are wrongly making against me.
Job 21:28 You ask, "Where is the prince's house? And where do the wicked live?"
Job 21:29 Have you not asked those who pass by? And do you not recognize the signs they know?
Job 21:30 The wicked are kept for the day of destruction; they will be taken to the day of anger.
Job 21:31 Who will tell him what he has done to his face? Who will pay him back for his actions?
Job 21:32 He will be taken to the grave and stay in the tomb.
Job 21:33 The lumps of earth in the valley will be dear to him, and everyone will follow him, just as countless have gone before him.
Job 21:34 So how can you comfort me with nonsense, when your answers are full of lies?

Job 22:1 Then Eliphaz from Teman replied,
Job 22:2 Can a person be useful to God, as a wise person is useful to themselves?
Job 22:3 Does it make God happy when you are good, or does He benefit when you live perfectly?
Job 22:4 Will God correct you because he fears you? Will he go to court with you?
Job 22:5 Isn't your evilness huge? And your sins endless?
Job 22:6 You took a promise from your brother for no reason and took clothes from those with none.
Job 22:7 You did not give water to the tired to drink, and you kept bread from the hungry.
Job 22:8 The strong person owned the land, and the respected person lived on it.
Job 22:9 You sent widows away with nothing, and you have crushed the strength of orphans.
Job 22:10 So traps surround you, and sudden fear upsets you.
Job 22:11 Or darkness, so you can't see, and lots of water covers you.
Job 22:12 Isn't God in the highest part of heaven? And see how high the stars are!
Job 22:13 And you ask, "How does God know? Can he judge behind the dark cloud?"
Job 22:14 Dense clouds hide God so he cannot be seen; and he moves in the sky's expanse.
Job 22:15 Have you noticed the old path that bad people have walked on?
Job 22:16 They were cut down too soon, and their foundation was washed away by a flood.
Job 22:17 They told God to go away: and what can God do for them?
Job 22:18 He filled their homes with good things, but I stay away from the plans of the wicked.
Job 22:19 Good people see it and are happy; those who are not guilty mock them.
Job 22:20 Our resources are not destroyed, but the fire burns what's left of them.
Job 22:21 Get to know God now and find peace; this will bring you goodness.
Job 22:22 Please accept the teachings from God, and keep his words in your heart.
Job 22:23 If you come back to God, you will be restored, and you will keep sin far from your home.
Job 22:24 You will pile up gold like dust, and the gold of Ophir like pebbles from the streams.
Job 22:25 Yes, God will protect you, and you will have lots of silver.
Job 22:26 Then you will find joy in God and you can look up to Him with confidence.
Job 22:27 Pray to God, and he will listen to you, and you must keep your promises.
Job 22:28 You will decide on something, and it will happen for you: light will shine on your path.
Job 22:29 When people feel defeated, you should say, "There is hope"; and God will save the humble.
Job 22:30 He will save the land of the innocent; it is saved because of your clean hands.

Job 23:1 Then Job replied,
Job 23:2 Today my complaint is harsh; my suffering is worse than my groans.
Job 23:3 I wish I knew where to find God so I could go to where he is.
Job 23:4 I would explain my case to God and give many reasons to support it.
Job 23:5 I want to know the words he would reply with, and understand what he would tell me.
Job 23:6 Would he argue with me using his great power? No; instead, he would give me strength.
Job 23:7 There, good people could argue with God; so I would be saved forever from my judge.
Job 23:8 I look ahead, but he's not there; I look behind, but I can't see him.
Job 23:9 On the left side, where he works, I cannot see him; he hides on the right side so I cannot find him.
Job 23:10 God knows the path I follow; when he has tested me, I will come out like gold.
Job 23:11 I have followed his path without turning away.
Job 23:12 I have not turned away from what God commands; I value his words more than my daily bread.
Job 23:13 He has one plan, and no one can change it. Whatever he wants to do, he does.
Job 23:14 He does what he has planned for me, and he has many more things like this.
Job 23:15 So, when I feel God's presence, I get disturbed; when I think about it, I become scared of Him.
Job 23:16 God makes my heart gentle, and the Almighty disturbs me.
Job 23:17 Because I was not taken away before the darkness, nor has he hidden the darkness from my face.

Job 24:1 Why, if God knows all time, do those who know him not recognize his days?
Job 24:2 Some people move boundary stones; they forcefully steal herds of animals and eat from them.
Job 24:3 They chase away the orphan's donkey and take the widow's ox as collateral.
Job 24:4 They push the needy off the road; the world's poor all hide away.
Job 24:5 Look, like wild donkeys in the desert, they go out to work; they get up early to find food: the wild land provides food for them and their children.
Job 24:6 Everyone harvests their grain in the field, and they collect the wicked's grapes.
Job 24:7 They make the naked sleep without clothes, so they have no cover when it's cold.
Job 24:8 They are soaked by the mountain rains and hug the rocks because they have no shelter.
Job 24:9 They snatch away the orphans and demand collateral from the poor.
Job 24:10 They make him go without clothes and take the bundle of grain from the hungry.
Job 24:11 They make oil inside their cities, press their grapes for wine, and still feel thirsty.
Job 24:12 People groan in the city, and the hurt souls cry out; but God does not charge them with wrongdoing.
Job 24:13 They are among those who resist the light; they do not know its ways or stay on its paths.
Job 24:14 The killer gets up at dawn to kill the poor and needy, and at night he acts like a thief.
Job 24:15 The one who is unfaithful with their partner waits for night, thinking no one will see them, and covers their face.
Job 24:16 At night they break into houses they had picked out in the day; they do not know the light.
Job 24:17 Morning feels like the shadow of death to them; when recognized, they are terrified by this shadow of death.
Job 24:18 He is fast like the rivers; their land is cursed on the earth: he does not see the path of the vineyards.
Job 24:19 Dryness and warmth dry up the snow's water; just as the grave takes those who have sinned.
Job 24:20 The body will forget him; worms will eat him up; he will not be remembered; and evil will be broken like a tree.
Job 24:21 He treats the childless woman badly and does not help the widow.
Job 24:22 He pulls in the strong with his power: he stands up, and nobody can be sure of living.
Job 24:23 Even if someone feels safe and relaxed, God still watches their actions.
Job 24:24 They are raised up for a short time, but then they vanish and are brought down; they are removed just like everyone else, and cut off like the tops of the stalks of grain.
Job 24:25 If this is not true now, who will prove me wrong and show that my words are worthless?

Job 25:1 Bildad the Shuhite replied and said,
Job 25:2 God has power and is respected; he makes peace in his heavens.
Job 25:3 Can anyone count his armies? And who doesn't his light shine on?
Job 25:4 How can a person be right with God? How can someone born of a woman be pure?
Job 25:5 Look at the moon, it does not glow; even the stars are not clean in God's eyes.
Job 25:6 How much less is a person, a worm, and a human being, who is also a worm?

Job 26:1 But Job replied and spoke,
Job 26:2 How have you helped the person with no power? How can you save the arm that has no strength?
Job 26:3 How have you advised someone who lacks wisdom? And how have you fully explained the situation as it is?
Job 26:4 Who did you speak to? And who inspired your words?
Job 26:5 Dead things take shape beneath the waters, and those that live there.
Job 26:6 God sees everything in hell, and nothing can hide destruction.
Job 26:7 He stretches out the north over empty space and hangs the earth on nothing.
Job 26:8 He gathers water into his heavy clouds, and the clouds don't break under the weight.
Job 26:9 He covers his throne and puts a cloud over it.
Job 26:10 He has set limits for the waters, until the time when day and night end.
Job 26:11 Heaven's pillars shake and are amazed at his scolding.
Job 26:12 He splits the sea with his strength, and with his wisdom, he defeats the arrogant.
Job 26:13 By his Spirit, he made the skies beautiful; his hand shaped the twisted snake.
Job 26:14 Look, these are some of his actions, but we hear only a small part about him. Who can grasp the greatness of his power?

Job 27:1 Job kept on speaking his story, and said,
Job 27:2 God lives, who has taken away my justice; and the Almighty, who has troubled my soul.
Job 27:3 As long as I breathe, and God's breath is in my nose;
Job 27:4 I will not speak evil, nor will my tongue tell lies.
Job 27:5 I would never agree with you; I will keep my honesty until I die.
Job 27:6 I keep to my righteousness and will not give it up; my heart will not blame me as long as I live.
Job 27:7 Let my enemy be like the wicked, and the one who attacks me be like the unjust.
Job 27:8 What hope does a fake person have, even if they are rich, when God takes their life?
Job 27:9 Will God listen to him when he calls for help during trouble?
Job 27:10 Does he enjoy the Almighty? Will he constantly ask for God's help?
Job 27:11 I will teach you by God's power; I won't hide what is with the Almighty.
Job 27:12 Look, you have all seen it yourselves; so why do you continue to act so foolishly?
Job 27:13 This is what a bad person gets from God, and what bullies will get from the All-Powerful.
Job 27:14 If he has many children, they are for death, and his descendants will not have enough food.
Job 27:15 The ones left of him will be buried when they die, and his widows won't cry.
Job 27:16 Even if he piles up silver like dust and stores up clothes like dirt,
Job 27:17 He might make it ready, but good people will wear it, and those who did nothing wrong will share the money.
Job 27:18 He builds his house like a moth, and like a temporary shelter put up by a caretaker.
Job 27:19 The rich man will lie down but won't be picked up again; he opens his eyes, and he's gone.
Job 27:20 Fears grip him like water, a storm sweeps him away at night.
Job 27:21 The east wind takes him away, and he goes; a storm throws him out of his place.
Job 27:22 God will throw down on him and will not hold back; he really wants to escape from his power.
Job 27:23 People will clap their hands at him and boo him from his spot.

Job 28:1 Surely there is a source for silver and a place where gold is refined.
Job 28:2 Iron comes from the ground, and copper is melted from the rock.
Job 28:3 He ends the darkness and explores every detail: the dark rocks and the shadow of death.
Job 28:4 The flood bursts out from where people live; the waters, once stepped in and forgotten, have dried up and disappeared from human presence.
Job 28:5 The earth gives us bread, and beneath it is heat like fire.
Job 28:6 Its rocks are where sapphires are found, and it has particles of gold.
Job 28:7 There is a path unknown to birds, and unseen by the vulture's eye.
Job 28:8 Young lions have not walked on it, nor has the strong lion crossed over it.
Job 28:9 He reaches out his hand to the rock; he flips the mountains from their base.
Job 28:10 He carves out rivers in the rocks, and his eye sees every valuable thing.
Job 28:11 He stops the rivers from flooding; and he brings hidden things into the light.
Job 28:12 Where can wisdom be found? And where is the place of understanding?
Job 28:13 No one knows its value; it cannot be found in the land of the living.
Job 28:14 The deep says, 'It's not in me,' and the sea says, 'It's not with me.'
Job 28:15 It can't be bought with gold, nor can you weigh silver to pay for it.
Job 28:16 It can't be compared to Ophir's gold, valuable onyx, or sapphires.
Job 28:17 Gold and crystal are not its equal: you cannot swap it for any gold jewelry.
Job 28:18 People will not talk about coral or pearls; wisdom is worth more than rubies.
Job 28:19 Ethiopia's topaz won't match it, nor can it be compared to fine gold.
Job 28:20 Where does wisdom come from? And where can we find understanding?
Job 28:21 It is hidden from all living creatures and kept secret from the birds in the sky.
Job 28:22 Destruction and death say, "We have heard of its fame with our ears."
Job 28:23 God understands its way and knows its place.
Job 28:24 He looks to the earth's ends and sees everything under the sky.
Job 28:25 To set the weight for the winds; and he measures the waters by amount.
Job 28:26 When he set rules for the rain and a path for the thunder's lightning:
Job 28:27 He saw it, explained it, got it ready, and thoroughly examined it.
Job 28:28 To people he said, "Look, respecting God is wisdom, and avoiding evil is understanding."

Job 29:1 Job kept on speaking in his story, and said,
Job 29:2 I wish I were back in the old days when God took care of me;
Job 29:3 When his light glowed above me, and I walked in the dark by his light;
Job 29:4 When I was young and God's friendship was with me in my home;
Job 29:5 When God was still with me and my children were around me;
Job 29:6 When I washed my feet with cream, and the stones gave me streams of oil;
Job 29:7 When I went through the city to the gate, when I set up my seat in the public square!
Job 29:8 The young men saw me and hid, while the older men stood up in respect.
Job 29:9 The leaders stopped speaking and put their hand over their mouth.
Job 29:10 The important people stayed quiet, and their tongue stuck to the top of their mouth.
Job 29:11 When people heard me, they praised me; when they saw me, they approved of me.
Job 29:12 I helped the poor who called out, the orphan, and the person who had no one to help them.
Job 29:13 The blessing of someone close to death came to me; and I made the widow's heart joyful.
Job 29:14 I wore what was right, and it covered me: my fairness was like a robe and a crown.
Job 29:15 I was eyes for the blind and feet for the lame.
Job 29:16 I was like a father to the poor and I investigated issues that I did not know about.
Job 29:17 I broke the wicked's jaw and took away the stolen goods from his teeth.
Job 29:18 Then I said, I will die peacefully at home, and live as long as the grains of sand.
Job 29:19 My roots stretched out to the water, and the dew stayed on my branches all night.
Job 29:20 My honor was strong within me, and my strength was restored in my grip.
Job 29:21 People listened to me, waited, and stayed quiet for my advice.
Job 29:22 After I spoke, they did not reply; my words fell on them.
Job 29:23 They waited for me like for the rain; and they opened their mouths wide for the late rain.
Job 29:24 If I smiled at them, they did not trust it; they did not make my happy face sad.
Job 29:25 I picked their path, sat as the leader, and lived like a king among the troops, comforting those who grieve.

Job 30:1 Now, younger people mock me, people whose fathers I wouldn't have let sit with my sheepdogs.
Job 30:2 Yes, how could the strength of their hands help me, when they were worn out by old age?
Job 30:3 They were alone, suffering from hunger and need; they ran away to the empty, barren wilderness long ago.
Job 30:4 They gathered plants by the bushes and used juniper roots for food.
Job 30:5 They were forced out from where people lived; people shouted at them as they would at a thief.
Job 30:6 To live in valley cliffs, earth caves, and among the rocks.
Job 30:7 In the bushes they cried out; under the thorns they huddled together.
Job 30:8 They were kids of fools, yes, kids of lowly men; they were worse than dirt.
Job 30:9 Now I am their joke; yes, I am their mocking word.
Job 30:10 They hate me, they run away from me, and they don't hesitate to spit in my face.
Job 30:11 Because he has untied my rope and made me suffer, they have also removed the restraint in my presence.
Job 30:12 Young people gather on my right side; they knock me off my feet, and they build up paths to harm me.
Job 30:13 They block my way, they increase my trouble, they have no helper.
Job 30:14 They attacked me like a flood breaking through: in my ruin, they overwhelmed me.
Job 30:15 Fears attack me; they chase my soul like the wind: and my well-being disappears like a cloud.
Job 30:16 My soul is poured out inside me; days of suffering grip me.
Job 30:17 At night, my bones hurt deeply, and my muscles get no rest.
Job 30:18 My sickness is so strong it changes my clothes; it wraps around me like my coat's collar.
Job 30:19 He has thrown me into the mud, and I have become like dust and ashes.
Job 30:20 I call to you, but you don't hear me; I stand up, but you don't notice me.
Job 30:21 You have become harsh to me; with your strong hand, you stand against me.
Job 30:22 You lift me up to the wind; you make me ride on it, and you melt away my strength.
Job 30:23 I know you will lead me to death, to the place set for everyone who lives.
Job 30:24 However, he will not reach out to the grave when they call out as they perish.
Job 30:25 Didn't I cry for the person who was suffering? Wasn't I sad for the poor?
Job 30:26 When I hoped for good, evil came to me; and when I waited for light, darkness arrived.
Job 30:27 I felt deep turmoil inside and could not rest; my days of trouble came before I was ready.
Job 30:28 I walked sadly without the sun; I stood up and cried among the people.
Job 30:29 I am like a brother to wild dragons, and a friend to owls.
Job 30:30 My skin is dark on me, and my bones are hot from burning.
Job 30:31 My harp now plays sad songs, and my flute sounds like the cries of those who are crying.

Job 31:1 I promised myself not to look with desire; so why should I think about a young woman?
Job 31:2 What does a person get from God above? And what does the Almighty give from high up?
Job 31:3 Isn't destruction meant for the wicked, and an unusual punishment for those who do wrong?
Job 31:4 Doesn't God see how I live and count every step I take?
Job 31:5 If I have lived with falsehood or hurried to deceive;
Job 31:6 Let me be measured in a fair scale so God can see my honesty.
Job 31:7 If I have gone off the path, and my heart followed what I saw, and if any stain has stuck to my hands;
Job 31:8 Let me plant seeds, but let someone else eat the harvest; yes, let my descendants be destroyed.
Job 31:9 If my heart was misled by a woman, or if I waited secretly at my neighbor's door;
Job 31:10 Let my wife work for another man, and let other men be with her.
Job 31:11 This is a terrible crime, yes, it's a wrongdoing that the judges must punish.
Job 31:12 It is a fire that burns until everything is destroyed and would remove all my growth.
Job 31:13 If I ignored my male or female servant's complaint against me;
Job 31:14 What should I do when God stands up? And when He comes to check, what will I say to Him?
Job 31:15 Didn't the same God who created me in the womb also create him? And didn't one shape both of us inside the womb?
Job 31:16 If I have denied the poor what they wanted, or made the widow's eyes weary;
Job 31:17 I did not eat my food alone and ignored the orphans; they ate with me.
Job 31:18 Since I was young, he grew up with me like a father, and I've guided her since I was in my mother's womb.
Job 31:19 If I have seen anyone die because they had no clothes, or any poor person without a blanket;
Job 31:20 If he didn't thank me or wasn't warmed by my sheep's wool;
Job 31:21 If I raised my hand against an orphan when I saw my support at the city gate:
Job 31:22 Let my arm drop off from my shoulder, and my arm be broken from its bone.
Job 31:23 I was scared of being destroyed by God, and because he is so great, I couldn't bear it.
Job 31:24 If I have put my hope in gold or told pure gold, 'You are my trust;'
Job 31:25 If I was happy because I was very rich and my own efforts brought me a lot;
Job 31:26 If I looked at the sun shining or the moon moving brightly;
Job 31:27 My heart was secretly tempted, or my mouth kissed my hand.
Job 31:28 This would also be a sin that a judge must punish, because I would have denied God above.
Job 31:29 If I was happy when my enemy was destroyed, or felt proud when bad things happened to him:
Job 31:30 I have not let my mouth sin by cursing his life.
Job 31:31 If the people in my home never said, "We wish we had his meat!" they are not content.
Job 31:32 The traveler did not sleep in the street; I opened my doors to them.
Job 31:33 If I hid my wrongs like Adam, keeping my sins close to me:
Job 31:34 Was I scared of many people, or did the scorn of families frighten me, so that I stayed quiet and didn't go outside?
Job 31:35 I wish someone would listen to me! Look, what I want is for God to respond to me, and for my opponent to have written down his accusations.
Job 31:36 I would surely carry it on my shoulder and wear it like a crown.
Job 31:37 I would tell him how many steps I have taken; like a leader, I would approach him.
Job 31:38 If my land cries out against me or its furrows also speak out;
Job 31:39 If I have eaten its fruits without paying, or if I have caused the owners to lose their life:
Job 31:40 Let weeds grow instead of wheat, and useless plants instead of barley. Job has finished speaking.

Job 32:1 These three men stopped answering Job because he thought he was right.
Job 32:2 Elihu, Barachel's son from the Buzite family, became very angry with Job because Job made himself look right instead of God.
Job 32:3 God was also angry with Job's three friends because they could not find an answer but still blamed Job.
Job 32:4 Elihu waited until Job finished talking because the others were older than him.
Job 32:5 When Elihu saw that these three men had no answer, he became very angry.
Job 32:6 Elihu, Barachel's son from the Buz family, replied, "I am young, and you are old. That's why I was scared and didn't share my thoughts with you."
Job 32:7 I said, "Time should teach, and many years should bring wisdom."
Job 32:8 Humans have a spirit, and God's breath gives them insight.
Job 32:9 Powerful people are not always smart; old people do not always make good decisions.
Job 32:10 So I said, listen to me; I will also share my thoughts.
Job 32:11 I listened carefully to what you said; I heard your arguments while you found the right words to speak.
Job 32:12 Yes, I listened to you, and there was none among you who proved Job wrong or responded to his words.
Job 32:13 So you might not claim, we have discovered wisdom: it is God who brings him down, not people.
Job 32:14 He has not spoken against me, and I won't reply to him with your words.
Job 32:15 They were surprised and stopped answering; they stopped talking.
Job 32:16 I waited because they were quiet, stood still, and didn't speak anymore.
Job 32:17 I said, I will give my answer, I will also share my opinion.
Job 32:18 I have a lot to say, and the spirit inside me compels me to speak.
Job 32:19 See, my stomach is like unopened wine; it feels like it's going to burst like new wineskins.
Job 32:20 I will talk to feel better: I will open my mouth and reply.
Job 32:21 Please don't let me show favoritism to anyone or use flattering titles for people.
Job 32:22 I don't use flattering titles; if I did, my Creator would quickly end my life.

Job 33:1 So Job, please listen to what I say and pay attention to all my words.
Job 33:2 Look, now I have opened my mouth and my tongue has spoken inside it.
Job 33:3 I will speak what is true and my words will clearly show what I know.
Job 33:4 God's spirit made me, and the Almighty's breath gave me life.
Job 33:5 If you can answer me, arrange your words clearly and stand up.
Job 33:6 Look, I am just as you want, in place of God: I am made from clay too.
Job 33:7 You don't need to fear my terror, nor will my hand be hard on you.
Job 33:8 You have definitely spoken where I could hear, and I have heard what you said.
Job 33:9 I am clean and have not wronged anyone, I am innocent; I have done nothing wrong.
Job 33:10 Look, He finds reasons to accuse me; He considers me His enemy.
Job 33:11 He puts my feet in shackles and watches all the ways I walk.
Job 33:12 Look, you are not right in this: I will tell you that God is greater than a human.
Job 33:13 Why do you argue with God? He doesn't need to explain anything he does.
Job 33:14 God speaks once, even twice, but people do not notice.
Job 33:15 In a dream, during the night, when people are in deep sleep and lying in bed half-asleep;
Job 33:16 Then he opens people's ears and gives them understanding.
Job 33:17 To make a person change their plan and keep them from being proud.
Job 33:18 He protects his soul from the pit and his life from dying by the sword.
Job 33:19 He suffers with pain on his bed, and his bones ache greatly.
Job 33:20 So he hates bread, and he refuses good food.
Job 33:21 His body wastes away, hidden from sight; and his bones, once unseen, now stick out.
Job 33:22 Yes, his soul is close to death, and his life nears those who destroy.
Job 33:23 If a messenger is with him, an interpreter, one in a thousand, to show a person how to be right:
Job 33:24 Then he is kind to him and says, Save him from falling into the pit: I have found a payment.
Job 33:25 His body will be more refreshed than a child's: he will become young again.
Job 33:26 He will pray to God, and God will accept him; he will see God's face with happiness because God will give man what is right.
Job 33:27 He looks at people, and if anyone says, "I have sinned, I have twisted what is right, and it did not benefit me;"
Job 33:28 He will save his soul from falling into the pit, and his life will see the light.
Job 33:29 Look, God often does all these things with humans.
Job 33:30 To save his life from the grave, to enjoy the light of life.
Job 33:31 Pay attention, Job, listen to me: be quiet, and I will talk.
Job 33:32 If you have something to say, reply: speak, because I want to clear you.
Job 33:33 If not, listen to me: be quiet, and I will teach you wisdom.

Job 34:1 Elihu replied and said,
Job 34:2 Listen to me, you wise people; pay attention, you who have understanding.
Job 34:3 The ear tests words like the mouth tastes food.
Job 34:4 Let's decide what is fair; let's understand together what is good.
Job 34:5 Job has said, "I am righteous," but God has taken away my right to a fair judgment.
Job 34:6 Should I lie against what is right? My injury is incurable, though I did no wrong.
Job 34:7 Who is like Job, who drinks up mockery as easily as water?
Job 34:8 Who spends time with those who do wrong and walks with evil people.
Job 34:9 He has said, "It benefits a person nothing to enjoy being with God."
Job 34:10 Listen to me, wise men: God would never do evil, and the All-Powerful would never act unjustly.
Job 34:11 God will repay a person for what they have done and give each one what their actions deserve.
Job 34:12 Yes, surely God will not act wrongly, nor will the Almighty twist justice.
Job 34:13 Who has put him in charge of the earth? Or who has arranged the whole world?
Job 34:14 If God decides to focus on a person, if he takes back that person's life and breath;
Job 34:15 Everyone will die at the same time, and humans will become dust again.
Job 34:16 If you understand now, listen to this: pay attention to what I am saying.
Job 34:17 Can someone who hates justice rule? Will you condemn the one who is completely fair?
Job 34:18 Is it right to tell a king, "You are bad" or to rulers, "You are evil"?
Job 34:19 How much less to someone who doesn't favor leaders or value the rich over the poor? For they are all created by God.
Job 34:20 Suddenly they will die, the people will panic at midnight and vanish; and the powerful will be removed effortlessly.
Job 34:21 God watches over people's paths and sees everything they do.
Job 34:22 There is no darkness or shadow of death where the wrongdoers can hide.
Job 34:23 God will not give a person more than is fair, so that they would have to argue with God.
Job 34:24 He will shatter countless strong men and replace them with others.
Job 34:25 So he knows what they do, and he turns things upside down at night, destroying them.
Job 34:26 He strikes them as bad people for all to see.
Job 34:27 They turned away from God and did not think about any of His ways.
Job 34:28 So they make the poor's cries reach God, and he hears the cries of those who are suffering.
Job 34:29 When God brings peace, who can cause trouble? And when God hides, who can see him? It doesn't matter if it's a whole country or just one person.
Job 34:30 Let not the false person rule, so the people won't be trapped.
Job 34:31 It is right to tell God, "I have accepted punishment, I will not sin again."
Job 34:32 Teach me what I do not see; if I have done wrong, I will not do it again.
Job 34:33 Should it go as you want? God will repay it, whether you refuse or choose; not me. So say what you know.
Job 34:34 Let people with understanding tell me, and let a wise person listen to me.
Job 34:35 Job spoke without understanding, and his words lacked wisdom.
Job 34:36 I want Job to be tested to the limit because of how he answers for evil people.
Job 34:37 He makes his sin worse by rebelling, applauds himself in our presence, and speaks many words against God.

Job 35:1 Elihu spoke again and said,
Job 35:2 Do you think it's right to say, "I am more righteous than God"?
Job 35:3 You said, "What benefit will it be to you?" and, "What will I gain if I am cleansed from my sin?"
Job 35:4 I will answer you and your friends too.
Job 35:5 Look up at the sky and see; look at the clouds so high above you.
Job 35:6 If you sin, what do you do against God? Or if your sins increase, what do you do to Him?
Job 35:7 If you are good, what do you give to God? Or what does He get from what you have?
Job 35:8 Your evil can harm someone like you; your good deeds can help people.
Job 35:9 Because of many harsh acts, the victims cry out; they call for help because of the power of the strong.
Job 35:10 But no one asks, 'Where is God my creator, who provides songs at night?'
Job 35:11 Who teaches us more than the animals of the earth, and makes us wiser than the birds of the sky?
Job 35:12 They call out for help, but no one answers, because of the arrogance of wicked people.
Job 35:13 God will not listen to emptiness, nor will the Almighty consider it.
Job 35:14 Even if you say you can't see God, he is still the one to judge; so you should trust in him.
Job 35:15 But now, God has come in anger because it's not as it should be; yet he doesn't realize how harsh it is.
Job 35:16 So Job speaks without reason; he talks a lot but without understanding.

Job 36:1 Elihu continued and spoke,
Job 36:2 Let me speak a bit more, for I still have things to say about God.
Job 36:3 I will bring my knowledge from far away and give credit for being right to my Creator.
Job 36:4 I speak the truth, and someone with perfect understanding is with you.
Job 36:5 Look, God is powerful and does not reject anyone; He is strong and wise.
Job 36:6 He does not keep the wicked alive but gives justice to the poor.
Job 36:7 God never stops watching the good people; he sets them to rule with kings on thrones, making their power secure forever, and they are lifted high.
Job 36:8 If they are tied up in chains and caught in ropes of trouble;
Job 36:9 Then he shows them what they have done and the wrongs they have committed by going too far.
Job 36:10 God opens their ears to instruction and orders them to turn away from wrongdoing.
Job 36:11 If they listen and work for God, they will live with success and enjoy their years.
Job 36:12 If they don't obey, they will die by the sword and will die without understanding.
Job 36:13 The insincere in heart store up anger; they don't cry out when he [God] restrains them.
Job 36:14 They die young, and their life ends among the impure.
Job 36:15 He saves the needy in their trouble and listens to them when they are oppressed.
Job 36:16 God would have taken you from a tight place to a spacious place with no tightness; your table would have been full of richness.
Job 36:17 But you have carried out the punishment of the wicked: punishment and fairness catch up with you.
Job 36:18 Be careful, because if God gets angry, he might punish you, and no large payment can save you.
Job 36:19 Will he value your wealth? No, not gold or any strong army.
Job 36:20 Do not wish for the night when people are taken away from where they are.
Job 36:21 Be careful, don't accept wrongdoing because you prefer it over suffering.
Job 36:22 Look, God lifts up with His power: who can teach like Him?
Job 36:23 Who has directed his path? Or who can say, "You have done wrong"?
Job 36:24 Remember to praise God's work that people see.
Job 36:25 Everyone can see it; people can spot it from far away.
Job 36:26 Look, God is great, and we do not know him, and no one can understand how long he has existed.
Job 36:27 He turns water into tiny drops; they fall as rain matching the mist.
Job 36:28 The clouds pour down and sprinkle plenty of water on people.
Job 36:29 Can anyone understand how the clouds spread out, or the sounds from his home in the sky?
Job 36:30 Look, he spreads his light over it and covers the sea's depths.
Job 36:31 God judges the people by these things; he provides plenty of food.
Job 36:32 He covers the sun with clouds and orders them to block the light.
Job 36:33 The sound of it tells about it, the livestock also about the mist.

Job 37:1 My heart shakes with fear and moves out of its place.
Job 37:2 Listen carefully to his voice and the noise that comes from his mouth.
Job 37:3 He guides it under the whole sky, and his lightning to the ends of the earth.
Job 37:4 After it, a voice roars: God thunders with his majestic voice, and does not hold back when his voice is heard.
Job 37:5 God thunders wonderfully with his voice; he does great things we cannot understand.
Job 37:6 He tells the snow to fall on the earth, and the same to the light rain and the heavy rain of his power.
Job 37:7 He closes the hands of every person so everyone can know His deeds.
Job 37:8 Then the animals go into their dens and stay there.
Job 37:9 From the south comes a strong wind, and from the north comes cold.
Job 37:10 God's breath brings frost, and the surface of the waters becomes tight.
Job 37:11 God tires out the heavy cloud by adding water to it; he spreads his light cloud around.
Job 37:12 It moves as God plans, so they can do everything he tells them on the earth.
Job 37:13 He makes it happen, whether for discipline, for his land, or for kindness.
Job 37:14 Listen to this, Job: be still and think about God's amazing deeds.
Job 37:15 Do you know when God arranged them and made the light of his cloud shine?
Job 37:16 Do you know how the clouds stay balanced, the amazing things done by the one who has perfect knowledge?
Job 37:17 Your clothes become warm when God calms the earth with the south wind.
Job 37:18 Have you helped God spread out the sky, which is solid, like a mirror made of melted metal?
Job 37:19 Show us what to say to God; we don't know how to speak properly because we are confused.
Job 37:20 Should I tell God what I say? If someone speaks, they will certainly be overwhelmed.
Job 37:21 People cannot see the bright light in the clouds, but the wind comes and clears them away.
Job 37:22 Clear skies come from the north; with God is awesome greatness.
Job 37:23 About God, we cannot fully understand him: he is great in power, fair in judgment, and full of justice: he does not cause suffering.
Job 37:24 People fear God because he doesn't favor those who think they are wise.

Job 38:1 Then God answered Job from the storm and said,
Job 38:2 Who is this who gives advice with words but has no understanding?
Job 38:3 Get ready like a man; I will question you, and you must answer me.
Job 38:4 Where were you when I set the earth's foundations? Tell me if you understand.
Job 38:5 Who set its measurements, if you know? Or who stretched a measuring line across it?
Job 38:6 Where are its foundations fixed? Or who put its cornerstone in place?
Job 38:7 When the morning stars sang together and all of God's children shouted for joy.
Job 38:8 Who closed in the sea with gates when it burst forth, as though coming out of the womb?
Job 38:9 When I wrapped it in clouds like clothes, and a thick dark blanket covered it,
Job 38:10 I broke open a place for it, and put in bars and doors.
Job 38:11 God said, "You may come this far, but no farther; here your proud waves must stop."
Job 38:12 Have you ever ordered the morning to begin or shown the dawn its place?
Job 38:13 So it can grab the edges of the world and shake the bad people from it.
Job 38:14 It changes like clay under a seal; and they settle into place like clothes.
Job 38:15 The wicked are denied light, and their strong arm will be broken.
Job 38:16 Have you gone into the springs of the sea? Or have you walked looking for the depths?
Job 38:17 Have you seen the gates of death or the doors where death's shadow falls?
Job 38:18 Have you understood how wide the earth is? Tell me if you know everything about it.
Job 38:19 Where is the place where light lives? And where is the home of darkness?
Job 38:20 You should take it to its limit and know the ways to its home.
Job 38:21 Do you know this because you were born then? Or because you have lived many days?
Job 38:22 Have you entered the storehouses of the snow? Or have you seen the storehouses of the hail?
Job 38:23 I have kept for a time of trouble, for a day of battle and war.
Job 38:24 How is light spread, or the east wind scattered over the earth?
Job 38:25 Who has made channels for the flood, or a path for thunder's lightning?
Job 38:26 To make it rain on the land where no one lives; on the desert where there is no one;
Job 38:27 To make the lonely, barren land fertile and to help young plants start to grow.
Job 38:28 Does the rain have a father? Or who has created the dewdrops?
Job 38:29 Who made ice come from the womb? Who created the frost from the heavens?
Job 38:30 The waters are covered like with a stone, and the surface of the deep water is solid like ice.
Job 38:31 Can you control the beautiful patterns of the stars or untie the ropes of the constellations?
Job 38:32 Can you make the constellations appear in their season? Or can you lead the Great Bear and its cubs?
Job 38:33 Do you know the laws of the sky? Can you establish their rule on the earth?
Job 38:34 Can you call out to the clouds to make them pour down water on you?
Job 38:35 Can you make lightning strike and have it report to you, 'Here we are'?
Job 38:36 Who has placed wisdom inside us? Or who has given the heart understanding?
Job 38:37 Who can count the clouds wisely? Or who can hold back the rain from the sky?
Job 38:38 When the soil turns hard, and lumps stick tightly together?
Job 38:39 Will you hunt food for the lion or satisfy the hunger of the young lions?
Job 38:40 When they crouch in their lairs and stay hidden to ambush?
Job 38:41 Who gives the raven its food? When its young cry out to God, they roam because they have no food.

Job 39:1 Do you know when the wild goats give birth? Can you tell when the deer are having their young?
Job 39:2 Can you count how many months they need? Or do you know when they give birth?
Job 39:3 They bend down, they give birth to their young, they let go of their pain.
Job 39:4 Their young are healthy, they grow up with grain; they leave and do not come back.
Job 39:5 Who set the wild donkey free? Who untied the ropes of the wild donkey?
Job 39:6 I made the wilderness his house and the empty land his home.
Job 39:7 He mocks the city's crowd and ignores the driver's shouts.
Job 39:8 The mountains are where his animals graze, and he looks for every plant that is green.
Job 39:9 Will the unicorn want to work for you or stay by your feeding trough?
Job 39:10 Can you tie the unicorn with a rope in the fields? Or will he plow the valleys behind you?
Job 39:11 Will you trust him because he is strong? Or will you rely on him to do your work?
Job 39:12 Will you trust him to bring back your crops and collect them into your barn?
Job 39:13 Did you give the beautiful wings to the peacocks? Or the wings and feathers to the ostrich?
Job 39:14 She leaves her eggs on the ground and keeps them warm with the dirt.
Job 39:15 And forgets that a foot might crush them, or a wild animal might destroy them.
Job 39:16 She is cold toward her young, as if they were not hers; her hard work is pointless without concern.
Job 39:17 God has not given her wisdom, nor has he given her understanding.
Job 39:18 When she rises up, she looks down on the horse and its rider.
Job 39:19 Did you give the horse its strength? Did you make its neck strong like thunder?
Job 39:20 Can you scare him like a grasshopper? His strong breath is frightening.
Job 39:21 He digs in the valley, happy in his power; he moves towards the armed men.
Job 39:22 He laughs at fear, is not scared, and does not turn away from the sword.
Job 39:23 The arrows shake against him, the shining spear and the shield.
Job 39:24 He charges across the land with anger and fury; he does not think the trumpet sound is real.
Job 39:25 He says among the trumpets, "Ha, ha"; and he senses the battle from far away, the noise of the commanders, and the yelling.
Job 39:26 Does the hawk fly by your wisdom and spread its wings to the south?
Job 39:27 Does the eagle fly up on your order and build her nest up high?
Job 39:28 She lives and stays on the rock, at the top of the cliff, and in the secure spot.
Job 39:29 From there she looks for food, and her eyes see from far away.
Job 39:30 Her young ones also drink blood: and where there are dead bodies, there she is.

Job 40:1 God replied to Job, saying,
Job 40:2 Can a person argue with God and teach Him? Anyone who corrects God should reply.
Job 40:3 Job replied to God and said,
Job 40:4 I realize I am worthless; what can I say to you? I will put my hand over my mouth.
Job 40:5 I have spoken once; I won't reply again; even twice; but I'll say no more.
Job 40:6 God replied to Job from the storm and said,
Job 40:7 Prepare yourself like a man; I will question you, and you must answer me.
Job 40:8 Will you cancel my decision? Will you say I am wrong so you can say you are right?
Job 40:9 Do you have an arm like God? Or can you thunder with a voice like him?
Job 40:10 Dress yourself now with greatness and honor; and put on glory and beauty.
Job 40:11 Throw out your anger and look at all the proud people; bring them down.
Job 40:12 Pay attention to everyone who is proud and make them humble; step on the evil ones where they stand.
Job 40:13 Put them all in the dust; cover their faces in darkness.
Job 40:14 Then I will agree that your own power can save you.
Job 40:15 Look at the behemoth, which I created with you; it eats grass like an ox.
Job 40:16 Look, his power is in his hips, and his strength is in his belly muscles.
Job 40:17 He swings his tail like a cedar tree; the muscles of his thighs are tightly woven.
Job 40:18 His bones are as hard as pieces of brass; his bones are like rods of iron.
Job 40:19 He is the greatest of God's creations; only his maker can threaten him.
Job 40:20 The mountains give him food, and all the wild animals play there.
Job 40:21 He lies under the shade trees, in the hiding place of the reeds and marshes.
Job 40:22 The trees cast their shade over him; the willow trees by the stream surround him.
Job 40:23 Look, he drinks up a river without rushing; he believes he can take the Jordan River into his mouth.
Job 40:24 He sees it with his eyes; his nose detects traps.

Job 41:1 Can you catch Leviathan with a fishhook or tie down its tongue with a rope?
Job 41:2 Can you put a hook in his nose or pierce his jaw with a spike?
Job 41:3 Will he beg you often? Will he speak gently to you?
Job 41:4 Will he agree with you? Will you make him your servant forever?
Job 41:5 Will you play with it like a bird? Or will you tie it up for your girls?
Job 41:6 Will friends feast on him? Will traders divide him up?
Job 41:7 Can you cover his skin with harpoons or his head with fishing spears?
Job 41:8 Touch him and remember the fight, do it no more.
Job 41:9 Look, his hope is pointless: won't someone be terrified just by seeing him?
Job 41:10 No one is brave enough to disturb him; who then can face me?
Job 41:11 Who has given to me first, so I need to pay him back? Everything under the whole sky is mine.
Job 41:12 I won't hide his body, his strength, or his good shape.
Job 41:13 Who can reach the edge of his clothing? Or who can approach him with a double bit bridle?
Job 41:14 Who can open the doors of his face? His teeth are terrifying all around.
Job 41:15 His scales are what he is proud of, tight and sealed closely.
Job 41:16 They are so close together that no air can fit between them.
Job 41:17 They are connected to each other, they cling tightly, so they cannot be separated.
Job 41:18 When he sneezes, light shines, and his eyes are like the dawn's first light.
Job 41:19 From his mouth come shining lights, and sparks of fire jump out.
Job 41:20 Smoke comes out of his nose like from a boiling pot or kettle.
Job 41:21 His breath lights up coals, and flames come out of his mouth.
Job 41:22 Strength stays in his neck, and sadness turns to joy in his presence.
Job 41:23 His skin is thick and tight; it is solid and does not move.
Job 41:24 His heart is as strong as a rock, yes, as hard as a lower grinding stone.
Job 41:25 When he stands up, the strong are scared: because of the terror, they try to make themselves clean.
Job 41:26 The warrior's sword won't succeed: neither the spear, the arrow, nor the armor.
Job 41:27 He thinks iron is like straw and brass is like rotten wood.
Job 41:28 Arrows cannot scare him; to him, slingshot stones turn to chaff.
Job 41:29 Arrows seem like straw to him; he laughs at the shaking of a spear.
Job 41:30 He lies on sharp rocks; he scatters spiky things on the mud.
Job 41:31 He makes the depths churn like a boiling pot; he makes the sea stir like a pot of ointment.
Job 41:32 He leaves a shining trail behind him; it seems like the depths have gray hair.
Job 41:33 On earth, there is no one like him; he is made without fear.
Job 41:34 He sees everything that is high up; he is a king over all the proud people.

Job 42:1 Then Job replied to God, saying,
Job 42:2 I know you can do everything, and no thought can be hidden from you.
Job 42:3 Who hides wise plans without understanding? So I spoke of things I did not understand, wonders beyond me that I did not know.
Job 42:4 Please listen, and I will talk: I will ask you questions, and you tell me the answers.
Job 42:5 I have heard about you from others, but now I see you with my own eyes.
Job 42:6 So I dislike myself and change my ways, feeling sad as if I were sitting in dust and ashes.
Job 42:7 After God spoke these words to Job, God said to Eliphaz the Temanite, "I am angry with you and your two friends because you did not speak truthfully about me, as my servant Job did."
Job 42:8 Take seven bulls and seven rams to my servant Job and make a burnt offering for yourselves. Job will pray for you, and I will accept him. Otherwise, I will punish you for your foolish words about me, unlike my servant Job, who spoke what is right.
Job 42:9 Eliphaz from Teman, Bildad from Shuah, and Zophar from Naamah went and did what God told them to; God also accepted Job.
Job 42:10 God ended Job's suffering when he prayed for his friends; God also gave Job twice as much as he had before.
Job 42:11 All his brothers and sisters and former friends came to visit him. They ate with him in his home, felt sorry for him, and comforted him because of all the bad things that God had let happen to him. Each person also gave him some money and a gold earring.
Job 42:12 So God blessed Job more in the end than at the start: he had fourteen thousand sheep, six thousand camels, a thousand pairs of oxen, and a thousand female donkeys.
Job 42:13 He also had seven sons and three daughters.
Job 42:14 He named the first Jemima, the second Kezia, and the third Kerenhappuch.
Job 42:15 In the whole country, no women were as beautiful as Job's daughters, and their father gave them property along with their brothers.
Job 42:16 After this, Job lived 140 years and saw his children, his grandchildren, and even to four generations.
Job 42:17 Job died when he was very old and had lived a long life.

Psalms 1:1 Happy is the person who does not follow bad advice, does not hang out with sinners, and does not join those who make fun of others.
Psalms 1:2 He enjoys following God's law and thinks about it all day and night.
Psalms 1:3 He will be like a tree by the water that grows fruit at the right time; its leaves will not dry out, and everything he does will succeed.
Psalms 1:4 The wicked are not like this; they are like the dry husks that the wind blows away.
Psalms 1:5 So, the wicked won't stand when judged, nor will sinners be with the group of good people.
Psalms 1:6 God knows the path of good people, but the way of the bad will disappear.

Psalms 2:1 Why do the nations get angry, and the people think up useless plans?
Psalms 2:2 The rulers of the world stand together, and the leaders plan together, against God and his chosen one, saying,
Psalms 2:3 Let's tear off their chains and throw their ropes away from us.
Psalms 2:4 God in heaven will laugh; He will mock them.
Psalms 2:5 Then he will speak to them angrily and trouble them greatly in his upset.
Psalms 2:6 I have placed my king on my holy mountain Zion.
Psalms 2:7 I will tell the rule: God has said to me, "You are my Son; today I have become your father."
Psalms 2:8 Ask me, and I will give you the nations as your inheritance and the farthest places on earth as your own.
Psalms 2:9 You will break them with an iron rod; you will smash them like a clay pot.
Psalms 2:10 Understand this, you kings: Listen and learn, you rulers of the world.
Psalms 2:11 Serve God with respect, and be happy with caution.
Psalms 2:12 Show love to the Son, or he may get angry, and you could be destroyed on your path, because his anger can flare up quickly. Happy are those who trust in him.

Psalms 3:1 God, so many are making trouble for me! Many are turning against me.
Psalms 3:2 Many say about me, "God won't save him." (Pause)
Psalms 3:3 But you, God, are a protector for me; my honor, and the one who lifts my head high.
Psalms 3:4 I called to God with my voice, and He listened to me from His holy mountain. Selah.
Psalms 3:5 I lay down and slept; I woke up because God supported me.
Psalms 3:6 I will not fear thousands of people surrounding me, who are against me.
Psalms 3:7 Get up, God; save me, my God: because you have hit all my enemies on the cheek; you have broken the teeth of the wicked.
Psalms 3:8 God gives salvation; your blessing rests on your people. Pause.

Psalms 4:1 Listen to me when I call, God who makes me right. You gave me more room when I was in trouble. Be kind to me and listen to my prayer.
Psalms 4:2 People, how long will you turn my honor into shame? How long will you love what is empty and chase lies? Pause and think.
Psalms 4:3 Know that God has chosen the godly person for himself; God will listen when I call to him.
Psalms 4:4 Be amazed, do not sin; talk to your own heart on your bed, and be quiet. Pause.
Psalms 4:5 Give the right sacrifices, and trust in God.
Psalms 4:6 Many people ask, "Who will show us any good?" God, make your face shine on us.
Psalms 4:7 You have filled my heart with joy, more than they have when their grain and wine abound.
Psalms 4:8 I will lie down and sleep in peace, because you, God, alone keep me safe.

Psalms 5:1 Listen to my words, God, think about what I am silently praying.
Psalms 5:2 Listen to my cry for help, my King and God, for I will pray to you.
Psalms 5:3 You will hear my voice in the morning, God; in the morning, I will send my prayer to you and wait for your answer.
Psalms 5:4 You are not a God who likes evil; wrongdoers cannot stay with you.
Psalms 5:5 Fools cannot be near you; you dislike all who do wrong.
Psalms 5:6 You will destroy those who tell lies: God will hate the violent and deceitful person.
Psalms 5:7 But as for me, I will come into your house because of your great mercy; and I will worship you with respect, facing your holy temple.
Psalms 5:8 Guide me, God, in your goodness because of my enemies; make your path clear to me.
Psalms 5:9 They are not loyal; they are very bad inside; their throat is like an open grave; they use their tongues to deceive.
Psalms 5:10 God, destroy them; let them be ruined by their own plans; throw them out because of their many sins, for they have turned against you.
Psalms 5:11 Let everyone who trusts in you be happy; let them always sing for joy, because you protect them. Let those who love your name be joyful in you.
Psalms 5:12 God, you will bless good people; you will surround them with your favor as with a shield.

Psalms 6:1 God, do not scold me in your anger or discipline me in your rage.
Psalms 6:2 Be kind to me, God, because I am weak; God, heal me, for my bones are in pain.
Psalms 6:3 I am deeply troubled; but God, how long will it be?
Psalms 6:4 Come back, God, save my life; oh, rescue me because you are merciful.
Psalms 6:5 When we die, we can't remember you; who will thank you from the grave?
Psalms 6:6 I am tired from my sighing; all night I make my bed wet; I soak my couch with my tears.
Psalms 6:7 My eye is worn out from sorrow; it grows weak because of all my enemies.
Psalms 6:8 Leave me, all you who do wrong; for God has heard my crying.
Psalms 6:9 God has heard my request; God will accept my prayer.
Psalms 6:10 May all my enemies feel embarrassed and very upset; may they turn back and suddenly feel shame.

Psalms 7:1 God, I trust in you; save me from all who chase me and rescue me.
Psalms 7:2 So he won't tear my soul apart like a lion and rip it to pieces when there is no one to save me.
Psalms 7:3 God, if I did this; if I have done wrong;
Psalms 7:4 If I have given harm to someone who was at peace with me; (yes, I have freed someone who is my enemy for no reason:)
Psalms 7:5 Let my enemy chase my soul and capture it; let him trample my life into the ground and drag my honor in the dust. Pause.
Psalms 7:6 Get up, God, with your anger, rise up because of my enemies' fury, and wake up to give me the justice you have ordered.
Psalms 7:7 The community will surround you; because of them, come back to your high place.
Psalms 7:8 God will judge the people: judge me, God, based on my goodness and my honesty within me.
Psalms 7:9 Let the bad actions of the wicked stop; but support the good people: because God, who is fair, tests our thoughts and feelings.
Psalms 7:10 God protects me and saves those with honest hearts.
Psalms 7:11 God judges good people and is angry with bad people every day.
Psalms 7:12 If he does not change, God will sharpen his sword; he has drawn his bow and is prepared.
Psalms 7:13 He has also prepared deadly tools for him; he sets his arrows against those who chase.
Psalms 7:14 Look, he struggles with wrongdoing, plans trouble, and gives birth to lies.
Psalms 7:15 He dug a pit and a trench and fell into the hole he made.
Psalms 7:16 His trouble will come back on him, and his violence will fall on his own head.
Psalms 7:17 I will thank God for His goodness, and sing to honor the name of God Most High.

Psalms 8:1 God, our Lord, how wonderful is your name all over the earth! You have put your greatness higher than the sky.
Psalms 8:2 God has given strength through the words of children and babies to silence the enemy and the avenger.
Psalms 8:3 When I look at your skies, the creation of your hands, the moon and the stars you set in place;
Psalms 8:4 What is a person that you think of him? And a human that you visit him?
Psalms 8:5 You made him a little less than the angels and crowned him with glory and honor.
Psalms 8:6 You made him ruler over everything you created; you put everything under his control.
Psalms 8:7 Every sheep and cow, and the wild animals of the field.
Psalms 8:8 Birds in the sky, fish in the sea, and everything that moves through the sea paths.
Psalms 8:9 God, our Master, how wonderful is your name throughout the earth!

Psalms 9:1 I will praise you, God, with all my heart; I will tell everyone about your amazing deeds.
Psalms 9:2 I will be happy and celebrate in you; I will sing praises to your name, O Most High.
Psalms 9:3 When my enemies turn back, they will stumble and die in your presence.
Psalms 9:4 You have supported my right and my cause; you sat on the throne making fair judgments.
Psalms 9:5 You have scolded the nations, you have destroyed the wicked, you have erased their name forever and ever.
Psalms 9:6 Enemy, your destructions are finished forever: you have ruined cities; their remembrance is gone with them.
Psalms 9:7 God will last forever; he has set up his throne for judging.
Psalms 9:8 He will judge the world fairly and make just decisions for the people with honesty.
Psalms 9:9 God will also be a safe place for the oppressed, a safe place in times of trouble.
Psalms 9:10 Those who know your name will trust in you, God, because you have never abandoned those who look for you.
Psalms 9:11 Sing praises to God, who lives in Zion; tell everyone about his actions.
Psalms 9:12 When God looks into murders, he remembers the victims: he does not ignore the cries of the humble.
Psalms 9:13 God, be kind to me. Look at the troubles I have from those who hate me, you who save me from near death.
Psalms 9:14 I want to tell all your praise at the gates of Zion's city; I will be happy because you save me.
Psalms 9:15 The nations have fallen into the pit they dug; their own feet are caught in the net they hid.
Psalms 9:16 God is known by the justice He gives; the evil are caught by what they do. Reflect on this. Pause.
Psalms 9:17 Evil people will go to a place of punishment, and so will every nation that forgets God.
Psalms 9:18 The needy will not always be forgotten, and the hopes of the poor will never be lost.
Psalms 9:19 Get up, God; don't let people win; judge the nations in your presence.
Psalms 9:20 Make them afraid, God, so the nations will realize they are only human. Pause.

Psalms 10:1 Why do you stand far away, God? Why do you hide yourself in times of trouble?
Psalms 10:2 In his pride, the wicked chases the poor: may they get caught in the traps they've set.
Psalms 10:3 The wicked brags about what they want and praises greedy people, who God hates.
Psalms 10:4 Bad people, because of their proud faces, will not look for God. God is not in any of their thoughts.
Psalms 10:5 His ways are always harsh; your decisions are too high for him to see: he sneers at all his enemies.
Psalms 10:6 He thinks to himself, I won't be shaken; I'll never have trouble.
Psalms 10:7 His mouth is full of curses, lies, and trickery; under his tongue is trouble and nonsense.
Psalms 10:8 He sits in the hidden spots of the towns, secretly killing the innocent; his eyes are sneakingly watching the poor.
Psalms 10:9 He hides quietly like a lion in its den, waiting to trap the poor; he catches the poor by pulling them into his net.
Psalms 10:10 He bends down and acts humble so that the poor may be defeated by his powerful followers.
Psalms 10:11 He thinks to himself, "God has forgotten; He hides His face and will never see it."
Psalms 10:12 Get up, God; lift your hand. Don't forget the humble.
Psalms 10:13 Why does the wicked disrespect God? He thinks to himself, You won't hold him accountable.
Psalms 10:14 You have seen it; for you watch trouble and spite, to repay it with your hand: the poor trust in you; you are the helper of the orphans.
Psalms 10:15 Break the power of the wicked and the wrongdoer; search for their evil until you find none.
Psalms 10:16 God is King forever and ever; the nations have vanished from his land.
Psalms 10:17 God, you have heard the desires of the humble: you will make their hearts ready, you will listen to them.
Psalms 10:18 To make fair decisions for orphans and those suffering, so that no person can bully them again.

Psalms 11:1 I trust in God; why do you tell me to run away like a bird to the mountains?
Psalms 11:2 Look, the evil ones pull back their bows, they put their arrows on the strings to secretly shoot at the good-hearted.
Psalms 11:3 If the base is ruined, what can good people do?
Psalms 11:4 God is in his holy temple; God's throne is in heaven. He watches and judges everyone.
Psalms 11:5 God tests the good people, but hates the evil ones who love violence.
Psalms 11:6 God will rain traps, fire, and sulfur on the wicked, along with a terrible storm: this will be what fills their cup.
Psalms 11:7 God loves good people; He sees those who are honest.

Psalms 12:1 Help, God; for good people are gone; the loyal ones are missing among humans.
Psalms 12:2 They say meaningless things to each other; they speak with flattering lips and a double heart.
Psalms 12:3 God will stop all flattering lips and the tongue that speaks proud words.
Psalms 12:4 Those who say, "We will succeed with our words; our lips belong to us. Who rules over us?"
Psalms 12:5 Because poor people are hurt and needy people sigh, I will get up now, says God; I will save them from those who blow against them.
Psalms 12:6 God's words are pure: like silver refined in a clay furnace, made pure seven times.
Psalms 12:7 You will protect them, God; you will keep them safe from this generation forever.
Psalms 12:8 Evil people are everywhere when the worst ones get power.

Psalms 13:1 How long will you forget me, God? Forever? How long will you hide your face from me?
Psalms 13:2 How long will I make plans in my heart, feeling sad every day? How long will my enemy triumph over me?
Psalms 13:3 Think about me and listen, God: keep my eyes open, so I don't fall into the sleep of death.
Psalms 13:4 So my enemy won't say, "I have beaten him," and my foes won't celebrate when I am shaken.
Psalms 13:5 I trust in your kindness; my heart is happy because you have saved me.
Psalms 13:6 I will sing to God, because he has been very good to me.

Psalms 14:1 The fool thinks to himself, there is no God. They are bad, they do terrible things, no one does good.
Psalms 14:2 God looked from heaven at people to see if anyone understood and looked for God.
Psalms 14:3 Everyone has turned away, they have all become corrupt; no one does good, not even one.
Psalms 14:4 Do all the wrongdoers lack understanding? They devour my people as if eating bread, without calling on God.
Psalms 14:5 They were greatly afraid because God is with those who are righteous.
Psalms 14:6 You have made the advice of the poor seem worthless because God is their shelter.
Psalms 14:7 I wish God would save Israel from Zion! When God frees his people, Jacob will be happy, and Israel will be joyful.

Psalms 15:1 God, who will live in your tent? Who will stay on your sacred mountain?
Psalms 15:2 The person who lives rightly, does what is just, and tells the truth in their heart.
Psalms 15:3 He who does not talk badly about others with his tongue, does not harm his neighbor, and does not insult his neighbor.
Psalms 15:4 He looks down on those who are bad, but respects those who respect God. He keeps his promises, even when it costs him.
Psalms 15:5 Someone who does not lend money for interest or take bribes to hurt the innocent will always stand firm.

Psalms 16:1 Keep me safe, God, because I trust in you.
Psalms 16:2 I told God, "You are my Lord; my goodness means nothing to you."
Psalms 16:3 But to the holy people on earth, and to the outstanding ones, who bring me great joy.
Psalms 16:4 People who follow other gods will have many troubles. I will not pour out blood offerings to them or speak their names.
Psalms 16:5 God is my chosen share and my cup; you support my destiny.
Psalms 16:6 My boundaries fall in nice places; yes, I have a wonderful inheritance.
Psalms 16:7 I will bless God, who has given me advice; even at night, my thoughts teach me.
Psalms 16:8 I always keep God in my thoughts: because he is by my side, I will stay strong.
Psalms 16:9 So my heart is happy, and I proudly celebrate; my body too will rest with hope.
Psalms 16:10 You will not leave my soul in hell; nor will you let your Holy One decay.
Psalms 16:11 You will show me the way to life: being with you is complete happiness; at your side, there are joys that never end.

Psalms 17:1 Listen to me, God, hear my cry, pay attention to my prayer that comes from honest lips.
Psalms 17:2 Let your decision come from your presence; let your eyes see what is fair.
Psalms 17:3 You have tested my heart; you have visited me at night; you have examined me and will find no wrong; I have decided that my mouth will not sin.
Psalms 17:4 About what people do, following what you have said, I have stayed away from the harmful ways.
Psalms 17:5 Guide my steps on your paths, so I don't slip.
Psalms 17:6 I have called to you, because you will listen to me, God: turn your ear to me, and listen to what I say.
Psalms 17:7 Show your wonderful love, O God, who saves with your right hand those who trust in you from their enemies.
Psalms 17:8 Protect me like you would your most cherished possession; hide me in the safety of your wings.
Psalms 17:9 Save me from the wicked who attack me, from my deadly enemies who surround me.
Psalms 17:10 They are surrounded by their own fat; they speak with proud mouths.
Psalms 17:11 They have surrounded us wherever we go. They watch us closely, looking to the ground.
Psalms 17:12 Like a lion hungry for its catch, and like a young lion hiding and waiting.
Psalms 17:13 Stand up, God, let him be defeated and pushed down: save me from the evil one who is your weapon.
Psalms 17:14 You save me from people, God, from worldly people who get their share in this life, whose stomach you fill with your treasures: they have many children and leave what's left to their little ones.
Psalms 17:15 I will see your face in fairness; I will be content when I wake up to be like you.

Psalms 18:1 I will love you, God, my strength.
Psalms 18:2 God is my rock, my fortress, and my rescuer; my God gives me strength and I trust in Him; He protects me, saves me, and is like a high tower to me.
Psalms 18:3 I will call on God, who deserves praise: so I will be saved from my enemies.
Psalms 18:4 Death's pains surrounded me, and the rush of wicked people scared me.
Psalms 18:5 Hell's pains surrounded me; death's traps stopped me.
Psalms 18:6 In my trouble, I called to God and shouted for help. He heard my voice from his home, and my call reached his ears.
Psalms 18:7 The earth shook and quaked; the hill bases moved and shook because God was angry.
Psalms 18:8 Smoke went up from his nose, and fire from his mouth burned everything; it lit up coals.
Psalms 18:9 He bent the sky down and came down; darkness was under his feet.
Psalms 18:10 He rode on a cherub and flew; he soared on the wind's wings.
Psalms 18:11 He made darkness his hiding place; around him were dark waters and heavy clouds in the sky.
Psalms 18:12 As the light shone in front of him, his dark clouds moved away, with hailstones and burning coals.
Psalms 18:13 God thundered in the sky, and the Most High shouted; there were hailstones and coals of fire.
Psalms 18:14 Yes, God shot his arrows and spread them out; he sent lightning and confused them.
Psalms 18:15 The water paths were shown, and the world's bases were uncovered when you, God, scolded, at the puff of your breath.
Psalms 18:16 From above, God sent for me; he rescued me from deep waters.
Psalms 18:17 God saved me from my powerful enemy and from those who hated me, because they were too strong for me.
Psalms 18:18 They stopped me on the day of my trouble, but God was my support.
Psalms 18:19 God led me out into a wide open space; he saved me because he was pleased with me.
Psalms 18:20 God rewarded me for doing right; he paid me back because my hands were clean.
Psalms 18:21 I have followed God's paths and not turned away from my God to do wrong.
Psalms 18:22 I kept all his rules in mind, and I did not ignore his teachings.
Psalms 18:23 I was also honest before God, and I kept myself from doing wrong.
Psalms 18:24 So God rewarded me because of my good behavior and because I kept my hands clean in his view.
Psalms 18:25 You are kind to those who are kind, and you are honest to those who are honest.
Psalms 18:26 You are pure with the pure, and you act tricky with the tricky.
Psalms 18:27 You will save the suffering people but will humble the proud.
Psalms 18:28 You will light my lamp; God will brighten my darkness.
Psalms 18:29 With your help, I have charged through an army; and with my God, I have jumped over a wall.
Psalms 18:30 God's way is perfect. His words are tested and true. He protects all who trust in Him.
Psalms 18:31 Who is God besides the Lord? Or who is a stronghold besides our God?
Psalms 18:32 God gives me strength and makes my path perfect.
Psalms 18:33 God makes my feet as steady as a deer's, and places me on high ground.
Psalms 18:34 God teaches my hands to fight, so that I can break a steel bow with my arms.
Psalms 18:35 You have given me the shield of your salvation; your right hand has supported me, and your kindness has made me strong.
Psalms 18:36 You have made my path wide so I didn't fall.
Psalms 18:37 I chased my enemies and caught them. I did not stop until they were defeated.
Psalms 18:38 I have hurt them so they can't get up; they have fallen beneath my feet.
Psalms 18:39 You have given me strength for the fight; you have made those who attacked me surrender to me.
Psalms 18:40 You have also let me defeat my enemies; so I can destroy those who hate me.
Psalms 18:41 They called for help, but no one saved them; even when they called to God, he did not answer.
Psalms 18:42 I crushed them into dust blown away by the wind; I threw them out like mud in the streets.
Psalms 18:43 You have rescued me from fighting among the people; you have made me the leader of nations; people I did not know will now serve me.
Psalms 18:44 When they hear about me, they will obey me: foreigners will yield to me.
Psalms 18:45 Foreigners will grow weak and be scared from their hidden spots.
Psalms 18:46 God lives; my protector is blessed; let the God who saves me be honored.
Psalms 18:47 God avenges me and makes people submit to me.
Psalms 18:48 God saves me from my enemies; you raise me above my attackers; you save me from violent people.
Psalms 18:49 So I will thank you, God, among the nations, and sing praises to your name.
Psalms 18:50 He gives great rescue to his king and shows kindness to his chosen one, to David and his descendants forever.

Psalms 19:1 The skies show God's greatness; and the sky displays what his hands have made.
Psalms 19:2 Every day speaks, and every night teaches knowledge.
Psalms 19:3 Every language and speech can hear their voice.
Psalms 19:4 Their message has spread all over the world, and their words reach the ends of the earth. God has made a home in the sky for the sun.
Psalms 19:5 It is like a groom coming out of his room, happy like a runner ready to race.
Psalms 19:6 He comes from the farthest part of the sky, moves in a circle to the ends, and nothing can hide from its heat.
Psalms 19:7 God's law is perfect and refreshes the soul. God's promises are trustworthy, giving wisdom to the simple.
Psalms 19:8 God's laws are fair, making the heart glad; God's rule is clear, giving light to the eyes.
Psalms 19:9 Respecting God is pure, lasting forever; God's decisions are completely true and fair.
Psalms 19:10 They are more valuable than gold, even a lot of pure gold; they are also sweeter than honey, even honey from the comb.
Psalms 19:11 Your teachings warn your servant, and great reward comes from following them.
Psalms 19:12 Who can know their own mistakes? Cleanse me from my hidden faults.
Psalms 19:13 Help me avoid sins done in pride; don't let them control me. Then I will be blameless and free from serious guilt.
Psalms 19:14 May the words I speak and the thoughts in my heart please you, God, my strength and my savior.

Psalms 20:1 God hears you in times of trouble; may the God of Jacob protect you.
Psalms 20:2 May God send you help from his holy place and give you support from Zion.
Psalms 20:3 Remember all your gifts, and accept your burnt offering.
Psalms 20:4 Give you what your heart wants and make all your plans succeed.
Psalms 20:5 We will be happy because of your rescue, and we will raise our flags in the name of our God: may God answer all your requests.
Psalms 20:6 Now I know that God saves the one he has chosen; he will listen to him from his holy place in heaven with the powerful help of his right hand.
Psalms 20:7 Some rely on chariots, and some on horses, but we will trust in the name of our God.
Psalms 20:8 They have fallen, but we have risen and stand tall.
Psalms 20:9 Save us, God: may the king listen to us when we call.

Psalms 21:1 The king will be happy because of your power, God; he will be very glad because you save him!
Psalms 21:2 You have granted him what his heart wanted, and you have not denied what he asked with his lips. Pause.
Psalms 21:3 You go before him with good blessings; you place a crown of pure gold on his head.
Psalms 21:4 He asked you for life, and you gave it to him, a long life that lasts forever and ever.
Psalms 21:5 God's glory is great because of your saving help: you have given him honor and greatness.
Psalms 21:6 You have made him forever blessed; you have filled him with joy by your presence.
Psalms 21:7 The king trusts in God, and with the kindness of the Most High, he will not be shaken.
Psalms 21:8 Your hand will discover all your enemies: your strong hand will find those who hate you.
Psalms 21:9 You will make them like a blazing furnace when you are angry: God will consume them in his fury, and the fire will eat them up.
Psalms 21:10 You will destroy their fruit from the earth and their offspring among people.
Psalms 21:11 They planned to harm you: they thought of a wicked plan, which they cannot carry out.
Psalms 21:12 So you will make them run away when you prepare to shoot your arrows at them.
Psalms 21:13 Let yourself be lifted up, God, by your own power; then we will sing and praise your strength.

Psalms 22:1 My God, my God, why have you left me alone? Why are you so far from saving me and from hearing my cries?
Psalms 22:2 God, I call out for help during the day, but you do not hear me; and at night, I don't stay quiet.
Psalms 22:3 But you are holy, O you who are praised by Israel.
Psalms 22:4 Our ancestors trusted in you; they trusted, and you rescued them.
Psalms 22:5 They called to you and were saved; they trusted in you and were not disappointed.
Psalms 22:6 I am like a worm, not a man; scorned by everyone and looked down on by people.
Psalms 22:7 Everyone who sees me mocks me; they sneer and shake their heads, saying,
Psalms 22:8 He trusted in God to rescue him; let God save him since he takes pleasure in him.
Psalms 22:9 You are the one who brought me out of the womb; you made me feel safe as I nursed at my mother's breasts.
Psalms 22:10 From birth I was placed in your care; you have been my God since my mother carried me.
Psalms 22:11 Stay close to me, because trouble is near and no one is here to help.
Psalms 22:12 Many strong bulls have surrounded me; powerful bulls of Bashan have encircled me.
Psalms 22:13 They opened their mouths wide at me, like a hungry, roaring lion.
Psalms 22:14 I am drained like water, and all my bones are disjointed; my heart is like melted wax within me.
Psalms 22:15 My strength has dried up like a clay pot; my tongue sticks to my gums; and you have brought me to the edge of death.
Psalms 22:16 Dogs surround me; a group of evil people has trapped me; they have pierced my hands and feet.
Psalms 22:17 I can count all my bones; they just look and stare at me.
Psalms 22:18 They divide my clothes among themselves and gamble for my outfit.
Psalms 22:19 But don't be far from me, God; hurry to help me, my strength.
Psalms 22:20 Save my life from the sword; rescue me from the dog's grip.
Psalms 22:21 Rescue me from the lion's mouth; You have answered me from the wild oxen's horns.
Psalms 22:22 I will tell my brothers your name; I will praise you among the people gathered together.
Psalms 22:23 You who respect God, praise him; all of you from Jacob's family, honor him; and respect him, everyone from Israel's family.
Psalms 22:24 God has not ignored or hated the suffering of the suffering person; He did not turn away from him, but when he called for help, God listened.
Psalms 22:25 I will praise you in a large gathering and fulfill my promises in front of those who respect God.
Psalms 22:26 Humble people will eat and be happy; they who look for God will praise him; your heart will live forever.
Psalms 22:27 People everywhere will remember and turn to God; all families of nations will worship before you.
Psalms 22:28 The kingdom belongs to God, and he rules over the nations.
Psalms 22:29 Everyone who is wealthy on earth will eat and worship; those who die will kneel before God, and no one can save their own life.
Psalms 22:30 A child will serve God; they will be known as God's people for generations.
Psalms 22:31 They will come and tell a future generation about God's goodness, because he has done this.

Psalms 23:1 God is my shepherd; I will not lack anything.
Psalms 23:2 God lets me rest in green fields; he guides me by calm waters.
Psalms 23:3 He renews my strength. He guides me in the right paths, honoring his name.
Psalms 23:4 Even when I go through the darkest path, I'm not scared of anything bad because you are with me, and your stick and cane make me feel safe.
Psalms 23:5 You prepare a meal for me in front of my enemies; you put oil on my head; my cup is very full.
Psalms 23:6 Goodness and kindness will be with me every day of my life, and I will live in God's house forever.

Psalms 24:1 The earth belongs to God, and everything in it; the world, and everyone who lives in it.
Psalms 24:2 He founded the earth on the seas and set it firm on the waters.
Psalms 24:3 Who will go up to God's hill? Or who will stand in his sacred place?
Psalms 24:4 The person with clean hands and a pure heart, who has not chased after worthless things or lied under oath.
Psalms 24:5 He will be blessed by God and given righteousness by the God who saves him.
Psalms 24:6 These people seek God; they look for your presence, O Jacob. Pause.
Psalms 24:7 Raise your heads, you gates; open up, you ageless doors, so the glorious King can enter.
Psalms 24:8 Who is this glorious king? God, strong and powerful, God mighty in war.
Psalms 24:9 Raise your heads, you gates; lift up, you ancient doors, so the glorious King can enter.
Psalms 24:10 Who is this glorious king? God, the ruler of all, is the glorious king. Pause and think about this.

Psalms 25:1 To you, God, I lift up my soul.
Psalms 25:2 My God, I trust in you; don't let me be embarrassed, don't let my enemies win over me.
Psalms 25:3 Yes, let no one who looks to you be embarrassed; let those who sin without reason feel shame.
Psalms 25:4 Show me your ways, God; teach me your paths.
Psalms 25:5 Guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God who saves me; I wait for you all day long.
Psalms 25:6 God, remember your tender mercy and love, for they have always been.
Psalms 25:7 Don't remember the wrongs I did when I was young, or my mistakes. Please, for your goodness, remember me with your mercy, God.
Psalms 25:8 God is good and fair, so he shows sinners the right path.
Psalms 25:9 God will guide the gentle in making fair decisions; and God will teach them his path.
Psalms 25:10 All of God's ways are kind and true for those who follow his agreement and his teachings.
Psalms 25:11 For your name's sake, God, forgive my sin; for it is very big.
Psalms 25:12 Who is the man that respects God? God will show him the path to choose.
Psalms 25:13 He will live in peace, and his children will inherit the land.
Psalms 25:14 God shares His secrets with those who respect Him; He will show them His agreement.
Psalms 25:15 I always look to God; He will free my feet from the trap.
Psalms 25:16 Turn to me and be kind to me; I am lonely and in trouble.
Psalms 25:17 My heart's troubles have grown; please rescue me from my distress.
Psalms 25:18 See my suffering and my pain; and forgive all my wrongs.
Psalms 25:19 Think about my enemies; they are numerous; and they hate me fiercely.
Psalms 25:20 Protect my life, and save me; do not let me be disappointed, because I trust in you.
Psalms 25:21 Let honesty and goodness protect me; I wait for you.
Psalms 25:22 Save Israel, God, from all his problems.

Psalms 26:1 Judge me, God; for I have lived with honesty. I have also trusted in God; so I will not fall.
Psalms 26:2 Check me, God, and test me; see what I really want and what's in my heart.
Psalms 26:3 Your kindness is always in my sight, and I live by your truth.
Psalms 26:4 I haven't spent time with worthless people, nor will I join those who pretend to be what they are not.
Psalms 26:5 I hate the group of wrongdoers and will not sit with the wicked.
Psalms 26:6 I will wash my hands to show I am innocent and come close to your altar, God.
Psalms 26:7 So I can speak out with thanks and tell everyone about your amazing deeds.
Psalms 26:8 God, I love your house's living place, and where your honor stays.
Psalms 26:9 Don't group me with sinners, or my life with violent people.
Psalms 26:10 They do wrong with their hands, and their right hand is full of bribes.
Psalms 26:11 But as for me, I will live with honesty: save me and show me mercy.
Psalms 26:12 My foot stands on level ground; in the gatherings, I will bless God.

Psalms 27:1 God is my light and my rescue; who should I fear? God is the power of my life; who should I be scared of?
Psalms 27:2 When the bad people, my enemies, attacked me to destroy me, they tripped and fell.
Psalms 27:3 Even if an army surrounds me, I won't be afraid; even if I am threatened by war, I will remain confident.
Psalms 27:4 I want one thing from God and I will look for it: to live in God's house all my life, to see how beautiful God is, and to learn in his holy place.
Psalms 27:5 When trouble comes, God will protect me in His shelter; He will keep me safe in His tent and lift me onto a rock.
Psalms 27:6 Now I will hold my head high above my enemies around me. So I will give joyful sacrifices in his tent; I will sing and praise God.
Psalms 27:7 Listen, God, when I call out loud: be kind to me and respond to me.
Psalms 27:8 When you said, "Look for me," my heart responded, "I will look for you, God."
Psalms 27:9 Don't hide from me; don't turn me away in anger. You have been my help; don't leave or abandon me, God who saves me.
Psalms 27:10 When my father and my mother leave me, then God will take care of me.
Psalms 27:11 Teach me your way, God, and guide me on a clear path because of my enemies.
Psalms 27:12 Do not give me up to my enemies' wishes; false witnesses have stood against me, speaking cruelty.
Psalms 27:13 I would have lost hope if I didn't believe I would see God's goodness while I'm alive.
Psalms 27:14 Wait for God; be brave, and He will make your heart strong; I say, wait for God.

Psalms 28:1 I will call out to you, God my rock; do not ignore me, or if you stay silent, I will be like those who fall into the grave.
Psalms 28:2 Listen to my pleas for help, when I call to you, when I raise my hands toward your sacred place.
Psalms 28:3 Do not take me away with the wicked, or with those who do wrong, who say kind words to their neighbors while planning evil in their hearts.
Psalms 28:4 Give them what they deserve for what they have done, pay them back for their evil actions, and give them exactly what their hands have worked for.
Psalms 28:5 Because they ignore what God has done and don't pay attention to his actions, he will ruin them and not help them grow.
Psalms 28:6 Praise God, because he has heard my requests for help.
Psalms 28:7 God is my strength and protector; my heart trusted in him, and he has helped me. So, my heart is very happy; and I will praise him with my song.
Psalms 28:8 God is their strength, and he gives power to his chosen one for salvation.
Psalms 28:9 Help your people and bless what you have given them; take care of them and raise them up always.

Psalms 29:1 Give to God, you powerful ones, give God glory and power.
Psalms 29:2 Give God the honor that belongs to His name; worship God in the beauty of being holy.
Psalms 29:3 God's voice is over the waters; the glorious God thunders; God is over the vast waters.
Psalms 29:4 God's voice is strong; God's voice is majestic.
Psalms 29:5 God's voice breaks the cedars; yes, God breaks the cedars of Lebanon.
Psalms 29:6 He makes them leap like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young wild ox.
Psalms 29:7 God's voice splits the flames of fire.
Psalms 29:8 God's voice shakes the desert; God shakes the Kadesh desert.
Psalms 29:9 God's voice makes the deer give birth and uncovers the forests; in his temple, everyone talks about his greatness.
Psalms 29:10 God sits above the flood; yes, God reigns as King forever.
Psalms 29:11 God will give his people strength; God will bless his people with peace.

Psalms 30:1 I will praise you, God, because you have lifted me up and have not let my enemies be happy about my troubles.
Psalms 30:2 God, I called out to you and you healed me.
Psalms 30:3 God, you have lifted my soul from the grave; you have kept me alive so I wouldn't fall into the pit.
Psalms 30:4 Sing to God, all his holy people, and thank him when you remember his goodness.
Psalms 30:5 God's anger lasts only a moment, but his favor brings life; though sadness lasts through the night, happiness comes with the morning.
Psalms 30:6 When I was doing well, I thought I would always be secure.
Psalms 30:7 God, because of your kindness, you made my position strong: when you turned away, I was upset.
Psalms 30:8 I cried to you, God; and to God I pleaded for help.
Psalms 30:9 What good comes from my death if I go down to the grave? Can dust praise you or tell of your truth?
Psalms 30:10 Listen, God, and show me kindness; God, be my helper.
Psalms 30:11 You have changed my sadness into dancing; you took away my mourning clothes and dressed me with joy.
Psalms 30:12 So I can sing about your greatness and always praise you. God, I will thank you forever.

Psalms 31:1 In you, God, I trust; let me never be embarrassed: save me because you are good.
Psalms 31:2 Lean down your ear to me; rescue me quickly: be my solid rock, a safe place to protect me.
Psalms 31:3 You are my rock and safe place; so for your name's sake, lead and guide me.
Psalms 31:4 Rescue me from the trap secretly set for me; for you are my power.
Psalms 31:5 I give my spirit into your care; you have saved me, God of truth.
Psalms 31:6 I dislike those who follow false beliefs, but I trust in God.
Psalms 31:7 I will be happy and celebrate your kindness because you have seen my problems; you have understood my struggles.
Psalms 31:8 You haven't trapped me with my enemy; you've given me space to move freely.
Psalms 31:9 Please be kind to me, God, because I am in trouble; my eyes are weak from sadness, and so are my heart and my stomach.
Psalms 31:10 I am worn out with sadness, and I sigh year after year. My strength is weak because of my wrongs, and my bones are wasting away.
Psalms 31:11 All my enemies insulted me, especially my neighbors, and my friends were afraid of me: people who saw me outside ran away from me.
Psalms 31:12 People have forgotten me like someone dead and gone; I am like a shattered pot.
Psalms 31:13 I have heard many people talk badly about me; I was surrounded by fear. While they planned together against me, they aimed to end my life.
Psalms 31:14 I trusted in you, God: I said, You are my God.
Psalms 31:15 My life is in your hands; save me from my enemies and those who chase me.
Psalms 31:16 Let your face shine on your servant; save me because of your mercy.
Psalms 31:17 God, don't let me be ashamed because I have called on you. Make the wicked be ashamed and silent in death.
Psalms 31:18 Silence the lying lips that say hurtful things with pride and scorn against good people.
Psalms 31:19 Oh how wonderful is your kindness, which you have set aside for those who respect you; which you have made for those who rely on you in front of all people!
Psalms 31:20 You will hide them in the secret of your presence from human pride; you will keep them safely in a shelter from the conflict of speech.
Psalms 31:21 God is blessed because he has shown me his wonderful kindness in a strong city.
Psalms 31:22 In my rush, I thought I was lost to you, but you heard my call for help when I cried out to you.
Psalms 31:23 Love God, all his holy people, because God protects those who are loyal and gives many blessings to those who act with pride.
Psalms 31:24 Have courage, and God will make your heart strong, all who hope in God.

Psalms 32:1 Happy is the person whose wrongdoings are forgiven, and whose sins are hidden.
Psalms 32:2 Happy is the person whom God does not blame for wrongdoing, and who is honest in their heart.
Psalms 32:3 When I stayed quiet, my bones grew weak because I groaned all day long.
Psalms 32:4 Day and night your hand was hard on me: my energy became like the dryness of summer.
Psalms 32:5 I admit my sin to you, and I haven't hidden my wrongs. I decided to tell you about my sins, and you forgave me. Selah.
Psalms 32:6 Every good person will pray to you when you can be found. In times of great floods, they will not reach him.
Psalms 32:7 You are my hiding place; you will protect me from trouble; you will surround me with songs of rescue. Pause.
Psalms 32:8 I will teach you and show you the way to go; I will guide you with my eye.
Psalms 32:9 Do not be like the horse or mule that have no understanding and need a bit and bridle to be controlled, or they will not come to you.
Psalms 32:10 The wicked will have many troubles, but if you trust in God, you will be surrounded by mercy.
Psalms 32:11 Be happy in God, and be joyful, you good people: and shout happily, all you who are honest in heart.

Psalms 33:1 Be happy with God, you good people, because it's good for those who are right to give praise.
Psalms 33:2 Praise God with the harp: sing to him with the psaltery and a ten-stringed instrument.
Psalms 33:3 Sing a new song to God; play well with loud sounds.
Psalms 33:4 God's message is true; everything he does is honest.
Psalms 33:5 He loves what is right and fair; the world is filled with God's kindness.
Psalms 33:6 God made the heavens by his word; and all the stars with his breath.
Psalms 33:7 He brings the sea waters together like a pile; he stores the depths in storerooms.
Psalms 33:8 Let everyone on earth fear God; let all the people of the world be amazed by him.
Psalms 33:9 He spoke, and it happened; he gave an order, and it lasted.
Psalms 33:10 God makes the plans of nations fail; He causes the schemes of people to have no effect.
Psalms 33:11 God's plan lasts forever, his thoughts reach through all generations.
Psalms 33:12 Happy is the country that has God as its God; and the people God has picked to be His own.
Psalms 33:13 God looks from heaven; he sees all humans.
Psalms 33:14 From where he lives, he watches everyone on earth.
Psalms 33:15 He shapes everyone's heart the same; he looks at all they do.
Psalms 33:16 No king is saved by having a big army; a strong man is not rescued by his great power.
Psalms 33:17 A horse is not reliable for protection; it cannot save anyone by its great power.
Psalms 33:18 Look, God watches over those who respect him, those who wait for his kindness.
Psalms 33:19 To save them from death and to sustain them in times of hunger.
Psalms 33:20 Our soul waits for God: He is our help and our protector.
Psalms 33:21 Our heart will be happy in God because we have trusted in his holy name.
Psalms 33:22 God, let your kindness be with us, just as we trust in you.

Psalms 34:1 I will always bless God; I will constantly praise him with my words.
Psalms 34:2 I will proudly speak of God; the humble will hear and be happy.
Psalms 34:3 Let's praise God together and lift up his name.
Psalms 34:4 I looked for God, and he listened to me, and saved me from all my worries.
Psalms 34:5 They looked at him and found brightness; their faces showed no shame.
Psalms 34:6 This man in need cried out, and God heard him, and rescued him from all his troubles.
Psalms 34:7 God's angel camps around those who respect him and saves them.
Psalms 34:8 Try and discover that God is good: happy is the person who trusts in Him.
Psalms 34:9 Respect God, all you who are his holy people, because those who respect him will have everything they need.
Psalms 34:10 Young lions may go hungry, but those who look for God will not lack anything good.
Psalms 34:11 Come, children, listen to me: I will teach you to reverence God.
Psalms 34:12 Who is the person who wants a long life to enjoy good things?
Psalms 34:13 Control your tongue from evil, and keep your lips from speaking deceit.
Psalms 34:14 Turn away from bad things, and do good things; look for peace, and keep trying to get it.
Psalms 34:15 God watches over good people, and he listens to their calls for help.
Psalms 34:16 God is against those who do evil, to remove any memory of them from the earth.
Psalms 34:17 Good people cry out, and God hears them, and saves them from all their troubles.
Psalms 34:18 God is close to those with a broken heart and saves those with a humble spirit.
Psalms 34:19 Righteous people have many troubles, but God saves them from every one.
Psalms 34:20 He protects all his bones; not even one is broken.
Psalms 34:21 Wrongdoing will kill the bad people; those who dislike good people will end up alone.
Psalms 34:22 God saves the souls of his servants, and none who trust in him will be abandoned.

Psalms 35:1 God, defend me against those who argue with me; battle those who battle me.
Psalms 35:2 Grab your shield and armor and stand up to help me.
Psalms 35:3 Get your spear and block the path of those chasing me; tell me, "I am your rescue."
Psalms 35:4 Let those who want to harm me be confused and embarrassed; let those who plan my downfall be turned away and thrown into disarray.
Psalms 35:5 Let them be like dust in the wind and let God's angel chase them.
Psalms 35:6 Let their path be dark and slippery, and let God's angel chase them.
Psalms 35:7 They have set a trap for me without reason; they have dug a pit to capture me even though I did nothing wrong.
Psalms 35:8 Let disaster surprise him; and let the trap he set catch him: let him fall into that very disaster.
Psalms 35:9 My soul will be happy in God; it will celebrate His rescue.
Psalms 35:10 Every bone in my body will say, "God, who is like you? You rescue the weak from those too strong for them, the poor and needy from those who rob them."
Psalms 35:11 Lying witnesses stood against me; they accused me of things I didn't know.
Psalms 35:12 They repaid my good with evil and hurt my spirit.
Psalms 35:13 But when they were sick, I wore sackcloth, I made my soul humble with fasting, and my prayer stayed with me.
Psalms 35:14 I acted as if he were my friend or brother; I was very sad and bent over, like someone grieving for their mother.
Psalms 35:15 During my hard times, they were happy and came together. Yes, the worthless people united against me without my knowing; they attacked me nonstop.
Psalms 35:16 At parties, two-faced mockers angrily bit at me with their teeth.
Psalms 35:17 God, how long will you watch? Save my life from their ruin, my precious one from the lions.
Psalms 35:18 I will thank you in the large gathering; I will praise you among many people.
Psalms 35:19 Do not let my enemies unfairly be happy over me, nor let those who hate me for no reason mock me with their eyes.
Psalms 35:20 They don't talk about peace; instead, they plan lies against the peaceful people in the land.
Psalms 35:21 Yes, they opened their mouths wide against me and said, "Aha, aha, we have seen it with our own eyes."
Psalms 35:22 You have seen this, God: do not stay quiet: God, do not be far from me.
Psalms 35:23 Get up and pay attention to my case, my God and my Lord.
Psalms 35:24 Judge me, God, by your fairness; don't let them be happy at my expense.
Psalms 35:25 Don't let them think, "This is just what we wanted," or say, "We have defeated him."
Psalms 35:26 May those who take joy in my trouble be embarrassed and confused; may those who boast against me be covered in shame and disgrace.
Psalms 35:27 Let those who support my just cause shout for joy and be happy; may they always say, "May God be praised, who delights in the well-being of his servant."
Psalms 35:28 My tongue will talk about your goodness and praise you all day long.

Psalms 36:1 The bad person's wrongdoing tells me deep down that they don't respect God at all.
Psalms 36:2 He praises himself until his wrongdoings are seen as hateful.
Psalms 36:3 What he says is wrong and untruthful: he's stopped being wise and doing good.
Psalms 36:4 He plans trouble on his bed; he chooses a path that is not good; he does not hate evil.
Psalms 36:5 Your kindness, God, is as high as the heavens; your faithfulness extends to the clouds.
Psalms 36:6 Your goodness is as big as the mountains; your decisions are very deep: God, you protect both people and animals.
Psalms 36:7 Your love is wonderful, God! That's why people find safety in the shelter of your wings.
Psalms 36:8 They will be fully content with the good things from your house; and you will let them drink from your river of joys.
Psalms 36:9 With you is the source of life; by your light, we see light.
Psalms 36:10 Keep showing your love to those who know you, and your fairness to those who are true in their hearts.
Psalms 36:11 Don't let proud people attack me, and don't let the wicked push me away.
Psalms 36:12 The evil doers have fallen; they are pushed down and can't get back up.

Psalms 37:1 Don't worry about wrongdoers, and don't be jealous of those who do evil.
Psalms 37:2 They will quickly be chopped down like grass and dry up like green plants.
Psalms 37:3 Trust in God, and do good; then you will live safely in the land, and you will have plenty to eat.
Psalms 37:4 Enjoy being close to God, and he will give you what your heart wants.
Psalms 37:5 Trust your path to God; believe in him, and he will make it happen.
Psalms 37:6 He will make your goodness shine like the light, and your fair decisions like the midday sun.
Psalms 37:7 Trust in God and wait calmly for Him; don't worry about those who succeed in their bad plans.
Psalms 37:8 Stop being angry, leave behind rage; do not worry yourself at all to do wrong.
Psalms 37:9 Those who do wrong will be removed, but those who wait for God will receive the earth.
Psalms 37:10 Soon the wicked will be gone; you will look for them, but they won't be there.
Psalms 37:11 The gentle will inherit the land and enjoy great peace.
Psalms 37:12 The bad person makes plans against the good person and shows anger by grinding his teeth at him.
Psalms 37:13 God will laugh at him because He sees that his time is coming.
Psalms 37:14 Evil people have pulled out their swords and aimed their bows to knock down the poor and needy, and to kill those who live honestly.
Psalms 37:15 Their swords will stab their own hearts, and their bows will snap.
Psalms 37:16 A small amount that a good person has is better than the wealth of many bad people.
Psalms 37:17 The power of the bad will be broken, but God supports the good.
Psalms 37:18 God knows the days of the good people, and their inheritance will last forever.
Psalms 37:19 They will not feel shame when times are bad; and during famine, they will have enough.
Psalms 37:20 But the bad people will die, and God's enemies will vanish like lamb fat in fire; they will disappear like smoke.
Psalms 37:21 The wicked borrow and do not repay, but the good are kind and give.
Psalms 37:22 Those blessed by God will inherit the land; those cursed by Him will be destroyed.
Psalms 37:23 God guides a good person's path and finds joy in their journey.
Psalms 37:24 If he falls, he will not be completely defeated because God supports him with his hand.
Psalms 37:25 I was once young, and now I'm old; but I've never seen a good person abandoned, or their children having to beg for food.
Psalms 37:26 He is always kind and gives to others; and his children are blessed.
Psalms 37:27 Turn away from bad things and do good things; live forever.
Psalms 37:28 God loves fairness and does not abandon his faithful people; they are protected forever, but the descendants of the wicked will be destroyed.
Psalms 37:29 Good people will receive the land and live there always.
Psalms 37:30 The righteous person's mouth speaks wisdom, and their tongue discusses fairness.
Psalms 37:31 God's law is in his heart; he will not slip.
Psalms 37:32 The bad person watches the good person and tries to kill him.
Psalms 37:33 God will not let him be defeated or declare him guilty when he is on trial.
Psalms 37:34 Wait for God, follow His path, and He will raise you up to receive the land; when the wicked are removed, you will see it.
Psalms 37:35 I have seen evil people with much power, growing strong like a healthy tree.
Psalms 37:36 He died, and suddenly he was gone. I looked for him, but he could not be found.
Psalms 37:37 Notice the good person, and see the honest one: for a peaceful end awaits that person.
Psalms 37:38 Wrongdoers will all be destroyed: the future of the wicked will end.
Psalms 37:39 God saves good people; he is their protector when trouble comes.
Psalms 37:40 God will help them and rescue them; He will save them from the wicked because they rely on Him.

Psalms 38:1 God, don't scold me in your anger or discipline me in your rage.
Psalms 38:2 Your arrows are stuck in me, and your hand presses on me hard.
Psalms 38:3 My body is not healthy because of your anger; my bones are not at peace because of my sin.
Psalms 38:4 My wrongdoings overwhelm me; they're like a heavy burden, too much for me to carry.
Psalms 38:5 My wounds smell bad and are infected because I acted foolishly.
Psalms 38:6 I am upset; I am bent over a lot; I spend the whole day sad.
Psalms 38:7 My body is full of a terrible sickness, and my flesh is not healthy.
Psalms 38:8 I am weak and very hurt; I have cried out because my heart is troubled.
Psalms 38:9 God, you know all I want; you hear my sighs.
Psalms 38:10 My heart beats fast, my strength is leaving me; even the light in my eyes is gone.
Psalms 38:11 My loved ones and friends keep their distance from my pain; and my relatives stand far away.
Psalms 38:12 Those who want to kill me set traps, and those who want to harm me talk about hurting me and plan lies all day.
Psalms 38:13 But I was like someone who cannot hear, and like someone who cannot speak, I did not open my mouth.
Psalms 38:14 I was like someone who doesn't hear and doesn't speak any criticisms.
Psalms 38:15 I put my hope in you, God, and I know you will listen, my God.
Psalms 38:16 I said, "Listen to me so that they won't celebrate if I stumble and use it against me."
Psalms 38:17 I am about to fall, and my sadness is always with me.
Psalms 38:18 I will admit my wrongs; I will be sorry for my sin.
Psalms 38:19 My enemies are active and powerful, and those who hate me for no reason have become many.
Psalms 38:20 Those who repay good with evil are against me, because I do what is right.
Psalms 38:21 Do not leave me, God; my God, please stay close to me.
Psalms 38:22 Hurry to help me, God my savior.

Psalms 39:1 I decided to watch how I act, so I won't sin with what I say; I will control my words when bad people are around me.
Psalms 39:2 I stayed quiet, didn't even speak what's good; my sadness grew.
Psalms 39:3 I felt a strong burning in my heart as I thought deeply; then I began to speak.
Psalms 39:4 God, let me know my life's end and how many days I have; let me realize how short-lived I am.
Psalms 39:5 Look, you have made my life very short, and my lifetime seems like nothing to you. Truly, even at his healthiest, every person is completely fleeting.
Psalms 39:6 Everyone goes through life putting on a show for no reason; they worry for nothing. They pile up wealth, without knowing who will end up with it.
Psalms 39:7 And now, God, what do I wait for? My hope is in you.
Psalms 39:8 Save me from all my wrongdoings; don't let the foolish shame me.
Psalms 39:9 I was silent, I did not open my mouth; because you did it.
Psalms 39:10 Take away your punishment; I am worn out from your strong hand.
Psalms 39:11 When you correct people for their wrongs with scolding, you cause their beauty to fade away like a moth: truly, all people are fleeting. Pause and think.
Psalms 39:12 Listen to my prayer, God, and hear my cry; do not ignore my tears: for I am a stranger to you, and a traveler, just like my ancestors were.
Psalms 39:13 Please give me rest so I can get strong again before I leave and disappear.

Psalms 40:1 I waited patiently for God; He turned to me and heard my cry.
Psalms 40:2 God lifted me from a terrible pit and from sticky mud, placed my feet on solid ground, and made my steps firm.
Psalms 40:3 He has given me a new song to sing, a hymn of praise to our God. Many will see this and be in awe, and will trust in God.
Psalms 40:4 Happy is the person who trusts in God and does not honor the proud or those who believe in lies.
Psalms 40:5 God, you have done so many amazing things and your thoughts for us are countless. If I tried to list them, there would be too many to count.
Psalms 40:6 You do not want sacrifices or offerings; you have made me listen. You do not need burnt offerings or sin offerings.
Psalms 40:7 I said, "Look, I'm coming: the book says about me,"
Psalms 40:8 I enjoy doing what you want, my God; yes, your rules are in my heart.
Psalms 40:9 I have told of being good in the large group of people; look, I have not held back my words, God, you know.
Psalms 40:10 I have not kept your goodness secret in my heart; I have spoken of your faithfulness and your rescue: I have not hidden your kindness and your truth from the many people.
Psalms 40:11 Don't keep your kindness and mercy from me, God; may your love and truth always protect me.
Psalms 40:12 Countless troubles surround me; my sins have caught up to me, and I cannot see a way out. They outnumber the hairs on my head, and my heart is overwhelmed.
Psalms 40:13 Please, God, rescue me; God, hurry to assist me.
Psalms 40:14 May those who want to harm me feel ashamed and frustrated; let them retreat and be embarrassed who desire my bad luck.
Psalms 40:15 Let them be left empty because they are ashamed and mock me, saying, "Aha, aha."
Psalms 40:16 Let everyone who searches for you be happy and joyful in you; let those who love your rescue always say, "God is great."
Psalms 40:17 I am poor and in need, but God thinks of me; you are my help and my rescuer; please hurry, my God.

Psalms 41:1 Happy is the one who thinks about the poor; God will save him when trouble comes.
Psalms 41:2 God will protect him and keep him alive; he will be happy on earth, and you will not let his enemies defeat him.
Psalms 41:3 God will give him strength when he is sick in bed; you will take care of him during his illness.
Psalms 41:4 I said, "God, be kind to me: make my soul better; for I have done wrong against you."
Psalms 41:5 My enemies say bad things about me, asking, "When will he die and his name be forgotten?"
Psalms 41:6 If he comes to visit, he speaks nonsense; his heart collects evil thoughts, and when he leaves, he spreads them.
Psalms 41:7 Everyone who hates me talks secretly against me; they plan to harm me.
Psalms 41:8 They say a terrible sickness sticks to him; and now that he's down, he will not get up again.
Psalms 41:9 Yes, my close friend whom I trusted, who shared my food, has turned against me.
Psalms 41:10 But you, God, be kind to me, and lift me up, so I can pay them back.
Psalms 41:11 I know you favor me because my enemy hasn't defeated me.
Psalms 41:12 As for me, you support me in my honesty, and place me in your presence forever.
Psalms 41:13 Praise God of Israel forever and ever. Amen.

Psalms 42:1 Like a deer that longs for streams of water, my soul longs for you, God.
Psalms 42:2 I long for God, for the living God. When can I go and meet with God?
Psalms 42:3 I cry all day and night, and people keep asking me, "Where is your God?"
Psalms 42:4 When I think about these things, I share all my feelings: because I used to go with the crowd, I joined them to worship at God's house, with happy and thankful shouting, with many who were celebrating.
Psalms 42:5 Why are you sad, my soul? And why are you troubled inside me? Put your hope in God: because I will still praise him for his support.
Psalms 42:6 My God, I am deeply sad inside me; so I will think of you from the area of the Jordan River, near the Hermon mountains and Mount Mizar.
Psalms 42:7 The deep waters call to the deep at the sound of your waterfalls; all your waves and breakers have swept over me.
Psalms 42:8 God will show his kindness during the day, and at night I will sing a song about him and pray to the God who gives me life.
Psalms 42:9 I will ask God, my rock, "Why have you forgotten me? Why must I walk in sadness because the enemy is crushing me?"
Psalms 42:10 It's like there's a sword in my bones; my enemies mock me, constantly asking, "Where is your God?"
Psalms 42:11 Why are you sad, my soul? And why are you upset inside me? Put your hope in God: because I will still praise him, who is the one who makes me well, and my God.

Psalms 43:1 God, judge me and fight for me against a nation without godliness; save me from the lying and unfair person.
Psalms 43:2 You are the God of my strength; why have you rejected me? Why must I go around sad because my enemies are oppressing me?
Psalms 43:3 God, send out your light and your truth to guide me; may they lead me to your holy mountain and to the places where you live.
Psalms 43:4 Then I will go to God's altar, to God who is my great joy; and with the harp, I will praise you, O my God.
Psalms 43:5 Why are you sad, my soul? And why are you troubled inside me? Put your hope in God: for I will still praise him, who makes me well, and is my God.

Psalms 44:1 We have heard, O God, our ancestors told us what you did in their time, long ago.
Psalms 44:2 How you drove out nations with your hand, and settled them; how you troubled the people, and forced them out.
Psalms 44:3 They did not take the land with their own swords, nor did their own strength save them. It was your hand, your strength, and the brightness of your face, because you favored them.
Psalms 44:4 You are my King, God: order victory for Jacob.
Psalms 44:5 With your help, we will defeat our enemies; with your name, we will walk over those who attack us.
Psalms 44:6 I will not rely on my bow, nor will my sword rescue me.
Psalms 44:7 You have saved us from our enemies and made those who hated us feel ashamed.
Psalms 44:8 We proudly trust in God all day, and forever praise your name. Pause.
Psalms 44:9 But you have rejected us, made us feel ashamed, and do not go with our armies.
Psalms 44:10 You make us retreat from the enemy, and those who hate us take our belongings for themselves.
Psalms 44:11 You have made us like sheep set for slaughter and have spread us among the nations.
Psalms 44:12 You sell your people for nothing and do not gain any profit from their sale.
Psalms 44:13 You make us a disgrace to our neighbors, an object of scorn and ridicule to those around us.
Psalms 44:14 You make us a joke among the nations, a thing people shake their heads at.
Psalms 44:15 I am always upset, and shame covers my face.
Psalms 44:16 Because of those who insult and speak against God, and because of the enemy who seeks revenge.
Psalms 44:17 All this has happened to us, but we have not forgotten you, and we have not broken your agreement.
Psalms 44:18 Our heart has not turned away, nor have our steps left your path.
Psalms 44:19 Even though you have crushed us in the dragon's lair and shrouded us in deep darkness.
Psalms 44:20 If we've forgotten our God's name, or reached out to a foreign god;
Psalms 44:21 Won't God find this out? He knows the heart's secrets.
Psalms 44:22 Yes, because of you we are being killed all day long; we are considered as sheep to be killed.
Psalms 44:23 Wake up, why are you sleeping, God? Get up, do not reject us forever.
Psalms 44:24 Why do you hide your face and forget about our suffering and hardship?
Psalms 44:25 We feel very low, like we're pressed down to the ground; we are as close to the earth as if our stomach sticks to it.
Psalms 44:26 Get up to help us, and save us because of your kindness.

Psalms 45:1 My heart is overflowing with a noble theme; I am sharing what I have composed about the king: my tongue is like the pen of a skilled writer.
Psalms 45:2 You are more beautiful than any person; your words are full of grace; that's why God has blessed you forever.
Psalms 45:3 Put your sword on your side, most powerful one, with your honor and greatness.
Psalms 45:4 In your greatness, ride successfully for truth, humility, and justice; and your right hand will show you powerful things.
Psalms 45:5 Your arrows are sharp and strike deep into the king's enemies, making the people fall before you.
Psalms 45:6 Your throne, O God, lasts forever and ever; your kingdom's ruling staff is fair.
Psalms 45:7 You love what is right and hate evil; therefore, God, your God, has chosen you and made you happier than your friends.
Psalms 45:8 Your clothes have the scent of myrrh, aloe, and cassia from the grand palaces where they brought you joy.
Psalms 45:9 The daughters of kings were among your respected women; the queen stood at your right side, dressed in Ophir's gold.
Psalms 45:10 Listen, daughter, think about this and pay attention; also forget your own people and your father's home.
Psalms 45:11 The king will really like how you look: because he is your Lord; and you should worship him.
Psalms 45:12 The woman from Tyre will come with a present; the wealthy will seek your kindness.
Psalms 45:13 The king's daughter is completely splendid inside; she wears clothes made of pure gold.
Psalms 45:14 She will be presented to the king in embroidered clothes; her virgin friends following her will also be brought to you.
Psalms 45:15 They will be brought with joy and happiness; they will go into the king's palace.
Psalms 45:16 Your children will take the place of your ancestors, and you can make them leaders everywhere in the world.
Psalms 45:17 I will make your name remembered in all generations: so the people will praise you forever and ever.

Psalms 46:1 God is our safe place and power, always there to help in times of trouble.
Psalms 46:2 So we won't be afraid, even if the earth is taken away, and even if the mountains are moved into the sea's center.
Psalms 46:3 Even if the waters roar and churn, even if the mountains tremble with the water's surge, pause.
Psalms 46:4 A river flows, its streams bring joy to God's city, the sacred home of the Most High.
Psalms 46:5 God is with her; she will not fall: God will help her at the break of day.
Psalms 46:6 Nations were angry, kingdoms shook; when God spoke, the earth dissolved.
Psalms 46:7 God is with us; the God of Jacob is our safe place.
Psalms 46:8 Come, see what God has done, how he has laid waste the earth.
Psalms 46:9 God makes wars stop all over the world; He breaks the bow, snaps the spear, and burns the chariots in fire.
Psalms 46:10 Stay calm and understand that I am God: I will be honored among the nations, I will be honored in the world.
Psalms 46:11 God is with us; the God of Jacob is our safe place. Pause and think about that.

Psalms 47:1 Clap your hands, everyone; shout to God with happy voices.
Psalms 47:2 God is supreme and awesome; he is a mighty ruler over the whole earth.
Psalms 47:3 He will bring the people under our control, and the nations under our feet.
Psalms 47:4 God will pick our land for us, the best land of Jacob whom He loved. Pause.
Psalms 47:5 God has ascended with cheers; God with the blast of a trumpet.
Psalms 47:6 Praise God, praise him; sing to our King, praise him.
Psalms 47:7 God is the king of the whole earth: sing praises with insight.
Psalms 47:8 God rules over the nations; God sits on His holy throne.
Psalms 47:9 The leaders of the nations come together, including the people who worship the God of Abraham: all the defenders of the world are under God's power: He is highly honored.

Psalms 48:1 God is great, and deserves high praise in the city of our God, on his holy mountain.
Psalms 48:2 Mount Zion is beautifully placed, the joy of the entire world, on the north side, the city of the great King.
Psalms 48:3 God is known in her strong buildings as a place of safety.
Psalms 48:4 Look, the kings gathered and went by together.
Psalms 48:5 They saw it and were amazed; they were distressed and hurried away.
Psalms 48:6 They were very afraid and in pain like a woman giving birth.
Psalms 48:7 You break the ships of Tarshish with an east wind.
Psalms 48:8 We have heard and now we see in the city of God, the city of our God: God will make it last forever. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 48:9 We have thought of your kindness, God, in the middle of your temple.
Psalms 48:10 God, your name reaches to the ends of the earth, just like your praise; your right hand is filled with fairness.
Psalms 48:11 Let Mount Zion be happy, let Judah's daughters be joyful, because of your decisions.
Psalms 48:12 Walk around Zion, circle it, and count its towers.
Psalms 48:13 Pay close attention to her strong walls, look carefully at her palaces; so you can tell the next generation about them.
Psalms 48:14 This God is our God forever: He will guide us until we die.

Psalms 49:1 Listen to this, everyone; pay attention, all who live in the world:
Psalms 49:2 Everyone, both unimportant and important, both rich and poor, together.
Psalms 49:3 I will speak wise words; my heart will think deeply with understanding.
Psalms 49:4 I will listen carefully to a story; I will explain my mysterious idea with music on the harp.
Psalms 49:5 Why should I be afraid on bad days, when the wrongs I've done surround me?
Psalms 49:6 Those who trust in their money and brag about how much they have;
Psalms 49:7 No one can save their brother by paying a ransom to God for him.
Psalms 49:8 To save a life is costly, and it never stops.
Psalms 49:9 He should live forever and not decay.
Psalms 49:10 He sees that wise people die, just like fools and senseless people, and they leave their riches to others.
Psalms 49:11 They think their homes will last forever and their places will be there for all time; they name their lands after themselves.
Psalms 49:12 Even though a person is respected, they do not last; they are like the animals that die.
Psalms 49:13 Their path is foolish, but their descendants praise their words. Pause.
Psalms 49:14 They are put in the grave like sheep; death will eat them up; in the morning, the good will rule over them; their beauty will fade away in the grave, far from their home.
Psalms 49:15 God will rescue my life from the grip of death because he will take me in.
Psalms 49:16 Don't be afraid when someone becomes rich, when their house gains more wealth.
Psalms 49:17 When he dies, he takes nothing with him; his fame does not follow him.
Psalms 49:18 While he was alive, he praised himself; and people will compliment you if you are good to yourself.
Psalms 49:19 He will join his ancestors in death; they will never again see the light of life.
Psalms 49:20 A person with honor, who lacks understanding, is like animals that die.

Psalms 50:1 The powerful God has spoken and called to the earth from where the sun rises to where it sets.
Psalms 50:2 From Zion, the perfect place of beauty, God has shone forth.
Psalms 50:3 God will come and will not be silent. A fire will burn before Him, and it will be very stormy around Him.
Psalms 50:4 He will call to the skies above and the earth below to judge his people.
Psalms 50:5 Bring together those who are devoted to me, those who have made a promise to me through sacrifice.
Psalms 50:6 The skies will show how right and good He is, because God is the judge. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 50:7 Listen, my people, and I will speak; Israel, listen, and I will witness against you: I am God, your God.
Psalms 50:8 I will not scold you for your sacrifices or burnt offerings, which have always been before me.
Psalms 50:9 I will not take any bulls from your house or goats from your pens.
Psalms 50:10 Every animal in the forest is mine, and the cattle on a thousand hills belong to me.
Psalms 50:11 I know all the birds of the mountains, and the wild animals of the fields are mine.
Psalms 50:12 If I were hungry, I wouldn't tell you because the world is mine and everything in it.
Psalms 50:13 Will I eat bull meat, or drink goat blood?
Psalms 50:14 Give thanks to God; and keep your promises to the Most High.
Psalms 50:15 Ask for my help when you have trouble: I will save you, and you will praise me.
Psalms 50:16 God says to the wicked, "Why do you talk about my laws or say you follow my agreement?"
Psalms 50:17 You hate advice and ignore what I say.
Psalms 50:18 When you saw a thief, you agreed with him, and you joined in with adulterers.
Psalms 50:19 You use your mouth for evil and your tongue tells lies.
Psalms 50:20 You sit and talk against your brother; you spread lies about your own mother's son.
Psalms 50:21 You have done these things, and I stayed quiet; you thought I was just like you: but I will correct you and show you clearly.
Psalms 50:22 Think about this, you who forget God, or I will tear you apart, and no one will save you.
Psalms 50:23 Whoever offers praise honors me, and those who live rightly will see God's salvation.

Psalms 51:1 Be kind to me, God, because of your love; because of your great compassion, wipe away my wrongdoings.
Psalms 51:2 Clean me completely from my wrongs, and wash away all my sins.
Psalms 51:3 I admit my wrongs, and my sin is always in my sight.
Psalms 51:4 I have sinned only against you and done this wrong in your view: so you are right when you speak and fair when you judge.
Psalms 51:5 I was born sinful, and my mother became pregnant with me in sin.
Psalms 51:6 You want honesty deep inside us; in our secret hearts, you teach us wisdom.
Psalms 51:7 Clean me with hyssop, and I will be clean: wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
Psalms 51:8 Let me hear joy and happiness, so the bones you have crushed can be happy.
Psalms 51:9 Turn away from my sins and erase all my wrongs.
Psalms 51:10 Make my heart clean, God; and give me a new, good spirit inside.
Psalms 51:11 Do not push me away from you; and do not take your holy spirit from me.
Psalms 51:12 Give me back the happiness of your salvation; and support me with a generous spirit.
Psalms 51:13 Then I will teach wrongdoers your paths, and sinners will turn back to you.
Psalms 51:14 Save me from being guilty of causing death, O God, the God who saves me, and my tongue will sing loudly of your goodness.
Psalms 51:15 God, open my lips; and my mouth will speak your praise.
Psalms 51:16 You do not want sacrifices, or I would give them; you are not pleased with burnt offerings.
Psalms 51:17 God values a broken spirit: a heart that is truly sorry, God, you will not reject.
Psalms 51:18 Do what makes you happy for Zion: rebuild Jerusalem's walls.
Psalms 51:19 Then you will be happy with the right sacrifices, with burnt offerings and complete burnt offerings; then they will present bulls on your altar.

Psalms 52:1 Why do you brag about your evil deeds, powerful person? God's goodness lasts forever.
Psalms 52:2 The tongue plans trouble; it's like a sharp blade, working dishonestly.
Psalms 52:3 You love evil more than good, and lying more than speaking the truth. Pause.
Psalms 52:4 You love to say harmful things, deceitful tongue.
Psalms 52:5 God will destroy you forever, take you away, and remove you from your home, ending your life on earth. Pause and think.
Psalms 52:6 The good people will see, be in awe, and will laugh at him.
Psalms 52:7 Look, this is the man who did not rely on God for strength; instead, he trusted in his great wealth and became strong through his wrongdoing.
Psalms 52:8 I am like a healthy olive tree in God's house; I rely on God's kindness forever and always.
Psalms 52:9 I will praise you forever because you have done it; I will trust in your name for it is good in the eyes of your faithful people.

Psalms 53:1 The fool thinks, "There is no God." They are corrupt and do very bad things; no one does good.
Psalms 53:2 God watched from heaven to see if any humans were wise and searching for God.
Psalms 53:3 Every one has turned away; they have all become dirty; no one does good, not even one.
Psalms 53:4 Do the workers of evil not understand? They consume my people like bread: they have not called on God.
Psalms 53:5 They were very scared where there was no reason to fear, because God has spread out the bones of your enemies; you have made them feel ashamed, because God has rejected them.
Psalms 53:6 I wish Israel's rescue would come from Zion! When God frees His people, Jacob will be happy, and Israel will be joyful.

Psalms 54:1 God, save me because of your name and decide about me with your power.
Psalms 54:2 Listen to my prayer, God; pay attention to what I say.
Psalms 54:3 Foreigners have attacked me, and bullies chase my life; they do not consider God. Pause.
Psalms 54:4 Look, God helps me; God supports those who keep me safe.
Psalms 54:5 God will pay back my enemies with evil and destroy them because you are truthful.
Psalms 54:6 I will gladly offer sacrifices to you: I will praise your name, God, because it is good.
Psalms 54:7 God has saved me from all my troubles, and I have seen my enemies get what they deserved.

Psalms 55:1 Listen to my prayer, God, and do not ignore my request.
Psalms 55:2 Listen to me and hear me: I am sad and complaining, and I am loud.
Psalms 55:3 Because of the enemy's voice and the wicked's cruelty, they blame me for wrongs and hate me in anger.
Psalms 55:4 My heart hurts deeply inside me, and fears of death have come over me.
Psalms 55:5 I am scared and shaking, and horror has taken over me.
Psalms 55:6 I wished for wings like a dove so I could fly away and find peace.
Psalms 55:7 Look, then I would go far away and stay in the desert. Pause.
Psalms 55:8 I would hurry to escape from the windy storm and tempest.
Psalms 55:9 God, destroy and confuse their speech because I have seen violence and conflict in the city.
Psalms 55:10 Day and night they move around on its walls; trouble and sadness are in its center.
Psalms 55:11 Evil is everywhere in it: lies and trickery never leave its streets.
Psalms 55:12 It wasn't an enemy who insulted me; if it were, I could have endured it. It wasn't someone who hated me who boasted against me; if it were, I could have hidden from him.
Psalms 55:13 But you were my equal, my guide, and my friend.
Psalms 55:14 We shared good advice together and went to God's house with others.
Psalms 55:15 May death take them, and may they quickly go down to hell; for evil is in their homes and with them.
Psalms 55:16 I will call on God, and God will save me.
Psalms 55:17 I will pray in the evening, in the morning, and at noon. I will cry out loudly, and God will hear me.
Psalms 55:18 God has saved my life peacefully from the fight against me, because many were with me.
Psalms 55:19 God will listen and punish them, even the one from long ago. Pause. They don't change, so they don't fear God.
Psalms 55:20 He has attacked those who were at peace with him; he has broken his agreement.
Psalms 55:21 His mouth spoke nice words like butter, but his heart planned for war; his words were gentle like oil, but they were really sharp swords.
Psalms 55:22 Give your worries to God, and he will support you; he will never let good people be shaken.
Psalms 55:23 But you, God, will send the violent and lying people to a place of ruin: they won't live even half their expected years; but I will rely on you.

Psalms 56:1 God, be kind to me because people want to defeat me; they fight and press me down every day.
Psalms 56:2 My enemies want to defeat me every day; there are many who attack me, O God.
Psalms 56:3 When I am scared, I will trust you.
Psalms 56:4 I will praise God for his word; I trust in God and will not be afraid of what people can do to me.
Psalms 56:5 Every day they twist what I say; all they think about is how to harm me.
Psalms 56:6 They come together, they hide, they watch every move I make, waiting to take my life.
Psalms 56:7 Can they avoid punishment through wrongdoing? In your anger, bring down the people, God.
Psalms 56:8 You know about my wandering. Collect my tears in your bottle. Aren't they listed in your book?
Psalms 56:9 When I call out to you, my enemies will turn away; I know this because God supports me.
Psalms 56:10 I will praise God for his word; I will praise him for his promises.
Psalms 56:11 I trust in God: I won't be afraid of what people can do to me.
Psalms 56:12 I am bound by my promises to you, God; I will give you praise.
Psalms 56:13 You have saved my life from death; won't you keep my feet from tripping, so I can walk before God in the light where people live?

Psalms 57:1 Have mercy on me, God, have mercy on me, for my soul trusts in you; yes, under the protection of your wings I will find shelter until these disasters have passed.
Psalms 57:2 I will call out to God above all; to God who does everything for me.
Psalms 57:3 God will send help from heaven to save me from my enemies' insults. God will show his kindness and truth.
Psalms 57:4 My soul is with lions; I'm surrounded by people burning with anger, men whose teeth are like spears and arrows, and whose tongues are as sharp as swords.
Psalms 57:5 God, be honored high above the skies; let your greatness be over the whole earth.
Psalms 57:6 They set a trap for me; I am deeply troubled. They dug a hole in my path, but they have fallen into it themselves. Pause.
Psalms 57:7 My heart is steady, God, my heart is steady; I will sing and praise you.
Psalms 57:8 Wake up, my honor; wake up, stringed instruments and harp: I will wake up early.
Psalms 57:9 I will praise you, God, among the people; I will sing to you among the nations.
Psalms 57:10 Your kindness reaches to the sky, and your truth goes up to the clouds.
Psalms 57:11 God, be lifted high above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.

Psalms 58:1 Are you really talking fair, group of people? Are you judging honestly, you people?
Psalms 58:2 Yes, in your hearts you plan evil; you think about the harm your hands can do in the world.
Psalms 58:3 From birth, the wicked are lost; they go wrong from the start, telling lies.
Psalms 58:4 Their poison is like snake venom; they are like the deaf cobra that covers its ears.
Psalms 58:5 Who do not listen to the voice of snake charmers, no matter how clever their charms.
Psalms 58:6 God, break their teeth in their mouths; smash the young lions' strong teeth.
Psalms 58:7 Let them disappear like flowing water: when he aims his bow to fire his arrows, let them break apart.
Psalms 58:8 Like a melting snail, let each of them vanish: like a stillborn baby, that they never see the sun.
Psalms 58:9 Before your pots get hot from the thorns, God will sweep them away with a storm, alive and in his anger.
Psalms 58:10 Good people will be happy when they see punishment; they will wash their feet in the blood of the bad people.
Psalms 58:11 A person will say, "Surely there is a reward for good people; truly, God is the one who judges on earth."

Psalms 59:1 Save me from my enemies, my God; protect me from those who attack me.
Psalms 59:2 Rescue me from people who do wrong, and protect me from violent men.
Psalms 59:3 Look, they are hiding to attack me; powerful people are against me, not because of my wrongs or my sins, O God.
Psalms 59:4 They run and get ready to attack me for no reason: wake up to help me and see.
Psalms 59:5 You then, God of all, the God of Israel, wake up to check on all the nations: do not show kindness to any evil wrongdoers. Pause and think.
Psalms 59:6 They come back at night, making sounds like dogs, and roam around the city.
Psalms 59:7 Look, they spew from their mouths—sharp words are on their lips: for who, they think, hears us?
Psalms 59:8 But you, God, will laugh at them; you will mock all the nations.
Psalms 59:9 I will rely on you because of your strength: for God is my protector.
Psalms 59:10 God's kindness will go before me; God will let me see victory over my foes.
Psalms 59:11 Do not kill them, or my people might forget. Scatter them by your power and defeat them, God our protector.
Psalms 59:12 Because of the wrong things they say and the lies from their lips, let them be caught in their pride. They say curses and lies.
Psalms 59:13 Destroy them in anger, destroy them so they are no more; and let them know that God rules in Jacob, all over the earth. Pause.
Psalms 59:14 Let them come back at night; they sound like dogs as they walk around the city.
Psalms 59:15 Let them search for food and complain if they are not full.
Psalms 59:16 I will sing about your power; yes, I will sing loudly about your kindness in the morning because you have been my protection and shelter when I was in trouble.
Psalms 59:17 To you, my strength, I will sing: for God is my protector, and the God who shows me mercy.

Psalms 60:1 God, you have rejected us, scattered us, and been unhappy with us; please come back to us.
Psalms 60:2 You have made the earth shake; you have split it open: repair its cracks, for it is quaking.
Psalms 60:3 You have shown your people tough times; you have made us drink the wine of confusion.
Psalms 60:4 You have given a flag to those who respect you, so it can be shown because of the truth. Pause.
Psalms 60:5 Let your loved one be rescued; save them with your power and listen to me.
Psalms 60:6 God spoke in his holy place; I will be glad, I will split Shechem, and share out the Succoth valley.
Psalms 60:7 Gilead belongs to me, and Manasseh is mine; Ephraim is my strong head; Judah makes my laws.
Psalms 60:8 Moab is like my washbasin; I will throw my shoe over Edom; Philistia, celebrate because of me.
Psalms 60:9 Who will take me into the fortified city? Who will guide me into Edom?
Psalms 60:10 Won't you, God, who rejected us before, and you, God, who did not go with our armies?
Psalms 60:11 Help us in trouble, for human help is useless.
Psalms 60:12 With God's help, we will act bravely because he will defeat our enemies.

Psalms 61:1 Listen to my cry, God; pay attention to my prayer.
Psalms 61:2 From the farthest part of the earth, I will call to you when I am feeling too weak: take me to the place that is stronger than I am.
Psalms 61:3 You have been a safe place for me and a strong tower against the enemy.
Psalms 61:4 I will live in your tent forever: I will find shelter under your wings. Pause.
Psalms 61:5 God, you have heard my promises; you have given me the inheritance of those who respect your name.
Psalms 61:6 You will extend the king's life, and his years will be like many generations.
Psalms 61:7 He will live with God forever: please make ready kindness and honesty to protect him.
Psalms 61:8 I will praise your name forever and keep my promises every day.

Psalms 62:1 My soul truly waits for God; my rescue comes from Him.
Psalms 62:2 He alone is my rock and my savior; he protects me; I won't be shaken much.
Psalms 62:3 How long will you plan harm against someone? You will all be killed: you will be like a leaning wall or a shaky fence.
Psalms 62:4 They only plot to knock him from his high place; they enjoy lying; they praise with their words, but inside they curse. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 62:5 My soul, wait only for God; my hope comes from him.
Psalms 62:6 God is my only rock and savior; he protects me; I won't be shaken.
Psalms 62:7 God is my savior and my honor; my strong protector and my shelter is in God.
Psalms 62:8 Always trust in God; people, share your deepest feelings with Him: God is our safe place. Selah.
Psalms 62:9 Truly, people of low rank are worthless, and those of high rank are not truthful; if weighed, they are all less than worthless together.
Psalms 62:10 Do not trust in harsh treatment, and do not be proud of stealing. If you get richer, do not fix your heart on the money.
Psalms 62:11 God has spoken once; I have heard this twice: power belongs to God.
Psalms 62:12 To you, God, belongs kindness: because you give to each person based on what they do.

Psalms 63:1 God, you are my God; I will look for you early. My soul is thirsty for you, my body longs for you in a dry and thirsty land with no water.
Psalms 63:2 To see your power and your glory, just as I have seen you in the holy place.
Psalms 63:3 Because your kindness is better than life, my lips will praise you.
Psalms 63:4 I will bless you as long as I live; I will raise my hands in your name.
Psalms 63:5 My soul will be happy as with the best food; and my mouth will joyfully praise you.
Psalms 63:6 When I think of you on my bed and reflect on you during the night time.
Psalms 63:7 Because you have helped me, I will be happy in your protection.
Psalms 63:8 I follow you closely with all my heart; your strong hand supports me.
Psalms 63:9 Those who try to destroy me will be brought down to the deepest parts of the earth.
Psalms 63:10 They will die by the sword and become food for foxes.
Psalms 63:11 The king will be happy in God; everyone who makes promises by him will be proud: but the mouths of liars will be shut.

Psalms 64:1 Listen to me, God, when I pray; keep me safe from my enemies' fear.
Psalms 64:2 Protect me from the hidden plans of the evil; from the rebellion of those who do wrong.
Psalms 64:3 They sharpen their tongues like swords and aim their words like arrows.
Psalms 64:4 They shoot from hiding at the innocent; they shoot suddenly and are not afraid.
Psalms 64:5 They boost each other in a bad plan: they talk about setting traps secretly; they say, Who will see us?
Psalms 64:6 They look for sins; they carry out a thorough search: everyone's secret thoughts and heart are hidden deep.
Psalms 64:7 God will shoot them with an arrow; they will be quickly wounded.
Psalms 64:8 They will be trapped by their own words, and everyone who sees them will run away.
Psalms 64:9 Everyone will be afraid and will tell about what God has done; they will think carefully about his actions.
Psalms 64:10 Good people will be happy with God, trust in him, and all who are true in heart will celebrate.

Psalms 65:1 Praise is ready for you, God, in Zion; and the promise will be kept to you.
Psalms 65:2 You who listen to prayer, everyone will come to you.
Psalms 65:3 Sins overpower me; but you will forgive our wrongdoings.
Psalms 65:4 Happy is the person you choose and bring close to you to live in your spaces; we will be happy with the goodness of your home, your holy place.
Psalms 65:5 With amazing acts of justice, you respond to us, God who saves us; you are the trust of everyone on earth, even those far away on the sea.
Psalms 65:6 God makes the mountains strong with his power.
Psalms 65:7 God calms the sea's roar, the waves' noise, and the uproar of the people.
Psalms 65:8 People living in the farthest places fear your signs; you make the sunrise and sunset bring joy.
Psalms 65:9 You care for the earth and give it water; you make it very fertile with the river of God that is always full of water. You provide crops for the people, for you have made the earth ready.
Psalms 65:10 You water the land deeply; you level its furrows; you soften it with rain; you bless its crops.
Psalms 65:11 You bless the year with your goodness, and your paths overflow with richness.
Psalms 65:12 Rain falls on the wild fields, and the small hills are happy all around.
Psalms 65:13 Fields are filled with herds; valleys are blanketed with grain. They cheer and sing.

Psalms 66:1 Celebrate happily before God, all you lands.
Psalms 66:2 Sing to honor God's name; make your praises of him wonderful.
Psalms 66:3 Tell God, "How awesome are your deeds! Because of your great power, your enemies will come to you in submission."
Psalms 66:4 Everyone on earth will worship you and sing to you; they will sing about your name. Pause.
Psalms 66:5 Come and see what God has done; he is awesome in his actions among people.
Psalms 66:6 He turned the sea into dry land; they walked through the river on foot; there we were happy in him.
Psalms 66:7 He rules forever by his power; his eyes watch the nations: rebellious people should not lift themselves up. Pause.
Psalms 66:8 Praise our God, everyone, and let his praise be heard.
Psalms 66:9 God keeps us alive and does not let us stumble.
Psalms 66:10 God, you have tested us; you have refined us like silver.
Psalms 66:11 You caught us in a trap; you put a heavy burden on our backs.
Psalms 66:12 You let people walk over us; we went through fire and water, but you brought us to a place of abundance.
Psalms 66:13 I will enter your house with offerings; I will fulfill my promises to you.
Psalms 66:14 What I said with my lips and spoke with my mouth when I was in trouble.
Psalms 66:15 I will give you burnt offerings of young animals and the scent of rams; I will present bulls and goats. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 66:16 Come and listen, all who respect God, and I will tell what he did for my life.
Psalms 66:17 I called out to God with my mouth, and I praised him with my tongue.
Psalms 66:18 If I keep sin in my heart, God will not listen to me.
Psalms 66:19 God truly heard me; he listened to my prayer.
Psalms 66:20 Praise God, who did not ignore my prayer or withdraw his kindness from me.

Psalms 67:1 God, be kind to us and bless us; let his face shine on us. Pause.
Psalms 67:2 So that your path can be known on Earth, your salvation among all the nations.
Psalms 67:3 Let the people thank you, God; let everyone thank you.
Psalms 67:4 Let the countries be happy and sing with joy: because you will judge the people fairly and lead the countries on earth. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 67:5 God, let the people praise you; let everyone praise you.
Psalms 67:6 Then the earth will give its crops, and God, our God, will bless us.
Psalms 67:7 God will bless us, and everyone on earth will respect him.

Psalms 68:1 May God stand up, may his enemies scatter; may those who hate him run away from him.
Psalms 68:2 Like smoke is blown away, blow them away; as wax melts before fire, let the wicked vanish in God's presence.
Psalms 68:3 Let good people be happy; let them celebrate in front of God; yes, let them be very joyful.
Psalms 68:4 Sing to God, sing praises to His name; praise Him who rides through the skies, who is called JAH, and be happy in His presence.
Psalms 68:5 God is a protector of orphans and a defender of widows in his sacred home.
Psalms 68:6 God places lonely people into families; he frees the chained; but the rebellious live in a barren place.
Psalms 68:7 God, when you went out before your people, when you walked through the desert; pause and think about that.
Psalms 68:8 The earth trembled, the skies poured down rain before God: even Mount Sinai shook before God, the God of Israel.
Psalms 68:9 God, you sent a lot of rain, which strengthened your people when they were tired.
Psalms 68:10 Your people have lived there; God, you have provided for the needy with your goodness.
Psalms 68:11 God gave the message: many people spread it.
Psalms 68:12 Army rulers ran away quickly; the woman who stayed home shared the loot.
Psalms 68:13 Even if you lay among the ashes, you will be like a dove with silver wings and golden feathers.
Psalms 68:14 When God spread out kings there, it was as white as snow on Salmon.
Psalms 68:15 God's hill is like the hill of Bashan; a tall hill like the hill of Bashan.
Psalms 68:16 Why do you jump, you tall mountains? This is the mountain where God chooses to live; yes, God will live there forever.
Psalms 68:17 God has twenty thousand chariots and many angels; God is with them, as at Sinai, in the sacred place.
Psalms 68:18 You went up high, you took prisoners: you got gifts for people, even for those against you, so that God could live with them.
Psalms 68:19 God blesses us every day with good things, the God who saves us. Pause and think about this.
Psalms 68:20 Our God is the God who saves us; and God controls life and death.
Psalms 68:21 God will hurt the heads of his enemies and the hairy heads of those who keep sinning.
Psalms 68:22 God said, "I will bring them back from Bashan, I will bring my people back from the depths of the sea."
Psalms 68:23 So your foot will step in your enemies' blood, and your dogs will lick it too.
Psalms 68:24 People have seen how you move, O God; they've seen how my God, my King, moves in the holy place.
Psalms 68:25 Singers led the way, musicians followed; young women with drums were among them.
Psalms 68:26 Praise God together, everyone; praise the Lord, O descendants of Israel.
Psalms 68:27 Benjamin's group with their leader, Judah's chiefs and their advisors, Zebulun's leaders, and Naphtali's leaders are there.
Psalms 68:28 Your God has ordered your power: make us stronger, God, for what you have done for us.
Psalms 68:29 Because of your temple in Jerusalem, kings will bring you gifts.
Psalms 68:30 Tell off the group of soldiers, the many strong ones, and the young ones of the nations, until they all give in with silver gifts: send away the people who enjoy fighting.
Psalms 68:31 Leaders will come from Egypt; Ethiopia will quickly reach out to God.
Psalms 68:32 Sing to God, you kingdoms of the earth; sing praises to God; pause and think.
Psalms 68:33 To the one who rides on the highest heavens, which existed long ago, listen, he sends out his voice, a powerful voice.
Psalms 68:34 Give God credit for being strong: He is most excellent above Israel, and his power is in the skies.
Psalms 68:35 God, you are awesome from your holy places. The God of Israel gives strength and power to his people. God is blessed.

Psalms 69:1 Help me, God; the waters have come up to my soul.
Psalms 69:2 I am sinking in deep mud where I can't stand; I've come into deep waters where the floods sweep over me.
Psalms 69:3 I am tired from crying; my throat is dry; my eyes are weak as I wait for my God.
Psalms 69:4 Those who hate me for no reason outnumber the hairs on my head; those who attack me without cause are strong. Yet I gave back what I didn't steal.
Psalms 69:5 God, you know my foolishness; my sins are not hidden from you.
Psalms 69:6 God, don't let those who wait for you be embarrassed because of me. Don't let those who look for you be confused because of me, God of Israel.
Psalms 69:7 I have faced insults and shame for you; my face is hidden by disgrace.
Psalms 69:8 I have become a stranger to my brothers, and a foreigner to my mother's children.
Psalms 69:9 My passion for your house has consumed me; the insults aimed at you have fallen on me.
Psalms 69:10 When I cried and disciplined myself with fasting, it became my shame.
Psalms 69:11 I also made sackcloth my clothing, and I turned into a saying among them.
Psalms 69:12 Those who sit at the gate talk about me; and I am the song of drunk people.
Psalms 69:13 As for me, I pray to you, God, at the right time: O God, because of your great mercy, listen to me and save me with your faithful help.
Psalms 69:14 Save me from the mud and don't let me drown; rescue me from those who hate me and from the deep waters.
Psalms 69:15 Don't let the floodwaters overwhelm me, nor let the depths swallow me, and don't let the pit close over me.
Psalms 69:16 Listen to me, God, because your kindness is good; turn to me because you are very merciful.
Psalms 69:17 Do not hide from me, your servant; I am in trouble: listen to me quickly.
Psalms 69:18 Come close to my soul and save it; rescue me because of my enemies.
Psalms 69:19 You know of my disgrace, my shame, and my dishonor: all my enemies are in front of you.
Psalms 69:20 Insults have broken my heart; I am very sad. I hoped for someone to show sympathy, but nobody did; I looked for comforters, but found none.
Psalms 69:21 They also gave me bitter food to eat; and when I was thirsty, they gave me vinegar to drink.
Psalms 69:22 May their table turn into a trap before them, and let what should have been for their good become a snare.
Psalms 69:23 Make their eyes so dark that they cannot see; and keep their backs always shaking.
Psalms 69:24 Pour out your anger on them, and let your fierce anger catch them.
Psalms 69:25 Let their home be empty; and let no one live in their tents.
Psalms 69:26 They chase after the one you have struck, and they talk to hurt those you have wounded.
Psalms 69:27 Add wrong upon their wrongs, and don't let them share in your goodness.
Psalms 69:28 Remove them from the book of life, and do not list them with the good people.
Psalms 69:29 I am poor and sad: God, let your salvation lift me up.
Psalms 69:30 I will praise God with a song and honor him with thanks.
Psalms 69:31 This will make God happier than a cow or a bull with horns and hooves.
Psalms 69:32 The humble will see this and be happy, and the hearts of those who seek God will be filled with life.
Psalms 69:33 God hears the poor and does not scorn his captives.
Psalms 69:34 Let the sky and earth praise God, the seas, and all that moves in them.
Psalms 69:35 God will rescue Zion and rebuild the towns of Judah so people can live there and own it.
Psalms 69:36 His servants' descendants will inherit the land, and those who love his name will live there.

Psalms 70:1 Hurry, God, to save me; hurry to help me, God.
Psalms 70:2 May those who want to harm me feel ashamed and confused; may they be turned away and filled with embarrassment.
Psalms 70:3 Let those who mock and say, "Aha, aha," be pushed back and shamed for their actions.
Psalms 70:4 May all who look for you be happy and joyful in you; and may those who love your rescue always say, "May God be praised."
Psalms 70:5 I am poor and need help; hurry to me, God. You are my support and rescuer; God, do not delay.

Psalms 71:1 In you, God, I place my trust: may I never be confused.
Psalms 71:2 Save me by your goodness, and help me escape. Listen to me and rescue me.
Psalms 71:3 Be my strong home where I can always go; you ordered my rescue because you are my rock and my safe place.
Psalms 71:4 Save me, my God, from the wicked, from the unjust and cruel person.
Psalms 71:5 You are my hope, God; you have been my trust since I was young.
Psalms 71:6 You have supported me since birth; you brought me out of my mother's body: I will always praise you.
Psalms 71:7 I am a surprise to many; but you are my strong shelter.
Psalms 71:8 May my mouth always be full of your praise and honor.
Psalms 71:9 Don't reject me when I get old; don't leave me when my strength is gone.
Psalms 71:10 My enemies talk about me; and those who want to hurt me plan together.
Psalms 71:11 They say, "God has left him: chase him and catch him, for no one will save him."
Psalms 71:12 God, don't be far from me; God, hurry to help me.
Psalms 71:13 Let those who are against me be confused and destroyed; let those who want to harm me be covered with shame and disgrace.
Psalms 71:14 I will always have hope and will praise you more and more.
Psalms 71:15 I will always talk about your goodness and your help, because I can't count them.
Psalms 71:16 I will go with God's strength; I will talk about your righteousness, yours alone.
Psalms 71:17 God, you have taught me since I was young, and until now I have told of your wonderful deeds.
Psalms 71:18 Even now when I am old and have gray hair, God, do not leave me alone until I have told this generation about your strength and shown all those yet to come your power.
Psalms 71:19 Your goodness, O God, is so great, you have done amazing things: O God, there is no one like you!
Psalms 71:20 You, who have shown me great and hard troubles, will make me live again, and will lift me up from the deep places of the earth.
Psalms 71:21 You will make me greater and give me comfort on all sides.
Psalms 71:22 I will praise you with the lyre for your faithfulness, my God; I will sing to you with the harp, Holy One of Israel.
Psalms 71:23 I will be very happy as I sing to you; my soul, which you have saved, will rejoice.
Psalms 71:24 My tongue will speak of your goodness all day long because those who want to harm me are confused and ashamed.

Psalms 72:1 God, give the king your justice, and your righteousness to the king's son.
Psalms 72:2 He will judge your people fairly and give fair decisions for your poor.
Psalms 72:3 The mountains will give peace to the people, and the small hills will do it by being fair.
Psalms 72:4 He will judge the poor fairly, save the children of the needy, and crush the oppressor.
Psalms 72:5 People will respect you as long as the sun and moon last, for all time to come.
Psalms 72:6 He will come down like rain on cut grass, like showers that soak the earth.
Psalms 72:7 During his time, good people will thrive; and there will be plenty of peace as long as the moon lasts.
Psalms 72:8 He will rule from one sea to another, and from the river to the ends of the earth.
Psalms 72:9 People living in the wild will kneel before him, and his enemies will lick the ground.
Psalms 72:10 The kings of Tarshish and the islands will bring gifts; the kings of Sheba and Seba will present offerings.
Psalms 72:11 Yes, all kings will bow down to him; all countries will serve him.
Psalms 72:12 God will save the needy when they call out; the poor too, and those with no one to help them.
Psalms 72:13 He will help the poor and needy and save the lives of those in need.
Psalms 72:14 He will save them from lies and harm, and their lives will be valuable to him.
Psalms 72:15 He will live, and he will receive gold from Sheba; people will always pray for him, and he will be praised every day.
Psalms 72:16 A small amount of grain will grow in the land, even on the mountains; its produce will sway like the trees of Lebanon, and the city people will thrive like the grass on the ground.
Psalms 72:17 His name will last forever; it will continue as long as the sun shines. People will be blessed through him; all countries will praise him.
Psalms 72:18 Praise be to God, the God of Israel, who alone does wonderful things.
Psalms 72:19 May his wonderful name be blessed forever; may the whole earth be full of his glory. Amen, Amen.
Psalms 72:20 David, Jesse's son, has finished his prayers.

Psalms 73:1 God is truly good to Israel and to those who have a pure heart.
Psalms 73:2 But as for me, I almost lost my footing; my steps nearly slipped.
Psalms 73:3 I felt jealous of foolish people when I saw the success of the wicked.
Psalms 73:4 In their death, they face no struggles, and they remain strong.
Psalms 73:5 They don't have troubles like other people; they aren't afflicted like everyone else.
Psalms 73:6 So pride surrounds them like a chain; violence covers them like clothes.
Psalms 73:7 They have puffy eyes from being rich: they own more than anyone could desire.
Psalms 73:8 They are bad, talking badly about making others suffer. They talk with great pride.
Psalms 73:9 They speak against God above, and their words spread across the world.
Psalms 73:10 So his people come back here, and they are given plenty to drink.
Psalms 73:11 And they ask, "Does God know? Does the Most High have knowledge?"
Psalms 73:12 Look, these are the wicked, who succeed in life; they grow rich.
Psalms 73:13 I truly cleaned my heart for nothing, and washed my hands being innocent.
Psalms 73:14 All day I suffer and am punished each morning.
Psalms 73:15 If I decide to speak like this, I realize I would upset your children's generation.
Psalms 73:16 When I tried to understand this, it was too hard for me.
Psalms 73:17 Until I went into God's sanctuary; then I understood their fate.
Psalms 73:18 You truly put them in risky places; you threw them down to ruin.
Psalms 73:19 How suddenly they are ruined! They are completely destroyed by fears.
Psalms 73:20 Like a dream when someone wakes up; so God, when you wake up, you will look down on their appearance.
Psalms 73:21 My heart was sad, and I felt a sharp pain inside.
Psalms 73:22 I was foolish and did not understand; I was like an animal before you.
Psalms 73:23 I am always with you; you hold my right hand.
Psalms 73:24 You will guide me with your advice, and later take me to heaven.
Psalms 73:25 Who else do I have in heaven but you? And on earth, I want no one but you.
Psalms 73:26 My body and heart may grow weak, but God is the strong source of my heart and my share forever.
Psalms 73:27 Those far from you will die; you destroy all who are unfaithful to you.
Psalms 73:28 It is good for me to get close to God. I trust in God so I can tell about all your deeds.

Psalms 74:1 God, why have you rejected us forever? Why is your anger burning against the sheep of your field?
Psalms 74:2 Remember your people whom you long ago bought; the tribe you saved, which is your heritage; this Mount Zion where you live.
Psalms 74:3 Walk toward the endless ruins; see all the harm the enemy has done in the holy place.
Psalms 74:4 Your enemies shout in your meeting places; they put up their flags as symbols.
Psalms 74:5 A man was known for how much he used axes on large trees.
Psalms 74:6 But now they smash its carved art all at once with axes and hammers.
Psalms 74:7 They have thrown fire into your holy place; they have polluted it by tearing down where your name lives to the ground.
Psalms 74:8 In their minds, they planned, "Let's wipe them out as one group; they have burned down all of God's meeting places in the country."
Psalms 74:9 We no longer see our signs; there is no prophet left, and no one among us knows how long this will last.
Psalms 74:10 God, how long will the enemy insult us? Will the foe disrespect your name forever?
Psalms 74:11 Why do you pull back your hand, even your strong hand? Take it out from inside your coat.
Psalms 74:12 God has always been my King, saving people all over the world.
Psalms 74:13 You split the sea with your power; you crushed the sea monsters' heads in the waters.
Psalms 74:14 You crushed the heads of the sea monster and gave it as food to the people living in the desert.
Psalms 74:15 You split open fountains and streams; you dried up powerful rivers.
Psalms 74:16 The day is yours, the night is also yours; you have made the light and the sun.
Psalms 74:17 You have set all the earth's boundaries: you have made summer and winter.
Psalms 74:18 Remember that the enemy has insulted you, God, and that the foolish people have disrespected your name.
Psalms 74:19 Do not give your gentle one's life to many evil people; never forget your poor people's group.
Psalms 74:20 Pay attention to the agreement; the world's dark places are full of cruel homes.
Psalms 74:21 God, don't let the oppressed go back feeling ashamed; let the poor and needy praise your name.
Psalms 74:22 Get up, God, defend your own case: Remember how the foolish person insults you every day.
Psalms 74:23 Do not ignore the voice of your enemies: the noise of those who oppose you grows stronger all the time.

Psalms 75:1 We thank you, God, we give you thanks, because your name is close and your amazing deeds show it.
Psalms 75:2 When I gather the people, I will judge fairly.
Psalms 75:3 The earth and everyone living on it are falling apart; I support its foundations. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 75:4 I told the foolish, "Don't act foolishly," and to the wicked, "Don't raise your power."
Psalms 75:5 Don't raise your horn proudly; don't talk with arrogance.
Psalms 75:6 Success doesn't come from the east, west, or south.
Psalms 75:7 God is the judge: He brings down one and lifts up another.
Psalms 75:8 In God's hand is a cup filled with strong red wine, mixed well; He pours it, and all the wicked on earth must drink its bitter remains.
Psalms 75:9 I will always tell of God's deeds; I will sing praise to Jacob's God.
Psalms 75:10 I will cut off all the power of the wicked, but the power of the good people will be lifted up.

Psalms 76:1 God is known in Judah; His name is great in Israel.
Psalms 76:2 God's tent is in Salem, and his home is in Zion.
Psalms 76:3 There he broke the arrows, the shield, the sword, and the battle. Pause.
Psalms 76:4 You are more splendid and wonderful than the mountains of prey.
Psalms 76:5 The brave are ruined, they have slept their last sleep; and none of the strong found their strength.
Psalms 76:6 When you scold, God of Jacob, both chariots and horses fall into a deep sleep.
Psalms 76:7 You, yes you, are to be feared: and who can stand before you when you are angry?
Psalms 76:8 You made your judgment heard from heaven; the earth was afraid and became quiet.
Psalms 76:9 When God stood up to judge and to rescue all the gentle people on earth. Pause.
Psalms 76:10 Human anger will end up praising you; you will hold back the rest of the anger.
Psalms 76:11 Promise and give to God: everyone around Him should bring gifts to the one who should be respected.
Psalms 76:12 He will end the power of rulers; he is fearsome to the kings of the world.

Psalms 77:1 I called out to God loudly; I called to God, and he listened to me.
Psalms 77:2 On the day I was in trouble, I looked for God. My pain continued all night and did not stop, and my heart would not be comforted.
Psalms 77:3 I thought of God and felt upset; I complained, and my spirit felt crushed. Pause.
Psalms 77:4 You keep me awake: I am so upset that I can't talk.
Psalms 77:5 I have thought about the old days, the years from long ago.
Psalms 77:6 I remember my night song; I talk with my heart; my spirit searches carefully.
Psalms 77:7 Will God reject us forever? Will he never show favor again?
Psalms 77:8 Has his kindness completely disappeared forever? Will his promise never come true?
Psalms 77:9 Has God forgotten to be kind? Has he in anger closed off his compassion? Pause and think about that.
Psalms 77:10 And I thought, "This is my weakness, but I will remember the years of God's powerful works."
Psalms 77:11 I will remember what God has done; I will surely remember the amazing things you did long ago.
Psalms 77:12 I will think about all your works and talk about what you have done.
Psalms 77:13 Your path, God, is in the holy place: who is as mighty as our God?
Psalms 77:14 You are the God who performs miracles; you have shown your power to the people.
Psalms 77:15 With your strong arm, you rescued your people, the descendants of Jacob and Joseph. Pause.
Psalms 77:16 The waters saw you, God, the waters saw you; they were scared: even the deep waters were disturbed.
Psalms 77:17 The clouds released water; the sky made noise; your arrows flew everywhere.
Psalms 77:18 Your thunder's sound was in the sky; the lightning lit up the world; the ground quaked and shook.
Psalms 77:19 Your way is in the sea, your path is in the big waters, and no one knows your footsteps.
Psalms 77:20 You led your people like sheep with Moses and Aaron guiding them.

Psalms 78:1 Listen, my people, to my teaching; pay attention to what I say.
Psalms 78:2 I will speak in simple stories; I will share ancient secrets.
Psalms 78:3 We have heard and understand, and our fathers have shared it with us.
Psalms 78:4 We won't hide them from their children, but show the next generation God's praises, his power, and the amazing things he has done.
Psalms 78:5 God set up a witness in Jacob and set a rule in Israel, which he told our ancestors to teach to their children.
Psalms 78:6 So future generations might learn about them, the children yet to be born, who will rise and tell their own children.
Psalms 78:7 So they would put their hope in God, remember what God has done, and follow his commands.
Psalms 78:8 They should not be like their ancestors, a stubborn and rebellious group; a generation that did not stay true in their heart, and were not loyal to God.
Psalms 78:9 The Ephraim people, ready with weapons and bows, ran away when the battle came.
Psalms 78:10 They did not keep God's agreement and did not follow His rules.
Psalms 78:11 They forgot what God had done and the amazing things he had shown them.
Psalms 78:12 God did amazing things where their ancestors could see, in Egypt, in the Zoan area.
Psalms 78:13 He split the sea and let them walk through; he made the waters pile up.
Psalms 78:14 During the day, God guided them with a cloud, and all night with a fire's light.
Psalms 78:15 He split the rocks in the desert and gave them water as if from deep springs.
Psalms 78:16 He made water flow from the rock, creating streams that ran like rivers.
Psalms 78:17 They sinned even more against God by angering the Almighty in the desert.
Psalms 78:18 They tested God in their hearts by asking for food for their cravings.
Psalms 78:19 Yes, they spoke against God, asking, "Can God set up a table in the desert?"
Psalms 78:20 Look, he hit the rock, and water rushed out, and rivers flooded; can he also give bread? Can he supply meat for his people?
Psalms 78:21 So God heard this and became angry; a fire started against Jacob, and anger rose against Israel.
Psalms 78:22 Because they did not believe in God, and did not trust in his help.
Psalms 78:23 Even though he told the clouds from above and opened the gates of the sky,
Psalms 78:24 God sent down manna for them to eat and gave them grain from heaven.
Psalms 78:25 People ate the food of angels: God gave them all the food they needed.
Psalms 78:26 He sent an east wind from the sky, and with his power, he brought the south wind.
Psalms 78:27 God made meat fall on them like dust, and birds with feathers like the sand of the sea.
Psalms 78:28 He dropped it right into their camp, all around where they lived.
Psalms 78:29 They ate and were fully satisfied because God gave them what they wanted.
Psalms 78:30 They did not turn away from their desire. But while their food was still in their mouths,
Psalms 78:31 God's anger fell on them, killed the strongest among them, and struck down Israel's best men.
Psalms 78:32 Despite everything, they kept sinning and didn't trust in his amazing works.
Psalms 78:33 So he made their days vanish in empty pursuits and their years in distress.
Psalms 78:34 When God punished them, they looked for him; they returned and eagerly sought God.
Psalms 78:35 They remembered God was their strong protector, and the supreme God was the one who saved them.
Psalms 78:36 Still, they praised him with their words and lied to him with their tongues.
Psalms 78:37 Their hearts were not true to God, nor did they stay faithful to His agreement.
Psalms 78:38 He, filled with kindness, forgave their wrongs and did not destroy them. Often, he calmed his anger and did not unleash all his fury.
Psalms 78:39 He remembered they were only human, like a breeze that passes and doesn't return.
Psalms 78:40 How often did they upset God in the wilderness and make him sad in the desert!
Psalms 78:41 Yes, they turned away and tested God, and restricted the Holy One of Israel.
Psalms 78:42 They forgot how God helped them or the time he saved them from their enemy.
Psalms 78:43 He showed his signs in Egypt and his miracles in the land of Zoan.
Psalms 78:44 God turned their rivers into blood; and their streams, so they could not drink.
Psalms 78:45 He sent many kinds of flies among them, which ate them up; and frogs, which ruined them.
Psalms 78:46 He also gave their crops to the caterpillars and their work to the locusts.
Psalms 78:47 He ruined their grape plants with hailstones, and their fig trees with cold.
Psalms 78:48 He let hail kill their cattle and lightning strike their sheep.
Psalms 78:49 He sent his fierce anger, wrath, fury, and distress by sending harmful angels to them.
Psalms 78:50 He paved a path for his anger; he did not save their lives from death but handed them over to disease.
Psalms 78:51 God struck down all the firstborn in Egypt, the strongest in the homes of Ham.
Psalms 78:52 He led his people out like sheep and guided them through the desert like a herd.
Psalms 78:53 He guided them safely so they were not afraid, but the sea covered their enemies.
Psalms 78:54 He led them to the edge of his holy place, to the mountain his hand had acquired.
Psalms 78:55 He drove out the nations before them, divided their land as an inheritance with measured lines, and allowed the tribes of Israel to settle in their homes.
Psalms 78:56 They tested and angered God, and did not follow his teachings.
Psalms 78:57 They turned back and were unfaithful like their ancestors; they were unreliable like a bow that does not shoot straight.
Psalms 78:58 They made God angry with their worship places and caused him to be jealous with their carved idols.
Psalms 78:59 When God heard this, he was angry and strongly disliked Israel.
Psalms 78:60 God left the tent at Shiloh, where He had lived among people.
Psalms 78:61 He allowed his power to be captured and his honor to fall into the hands of the enemy.
Psalms 78:62 He let his people be defeated in battle; and he was angry with his chosen ones.
Psalms 78:63 The fire killed their young men, and their young women did not get married.
Psalms 78:64 Their priests were killed by the sword, and their widows did not mourn.
Psalms 78:65 Then God woke up like someone who has been asleep, like a strong man shouting because he's had wine.
Psalms 78:66 He struck his enemies from behind; he gave them lasting shame.
Psalms 78:67 He turned away from Joseph's tent and did not choose the Ephraim tribe.
Psalms 78:68 God chose the tribe of Judah and Mount Zion, which he loved.
Psalms 78:69 He built his holy place tall like palaces, like the earth, which he set up to last forever.
Psalms 78:70 God chose David, his servant, and brought him from tending sheep.
Psalms 78:71 God took him from caring for pregnant ewes to lead Jacob's people and Israel his heritage.
Psalms 78:72 He took care of them with all his honest heart and led them with the skill of his hands.

Psalms 79:1 God, foreigners have entered your land; they have made your holy temple dirty; they have turned Jerusalem into ruins.
Psalms 79:2 They gave your servants' dead bodies as food to the birds of the sky, and your holy people's flesh to the earth's animals.
Psalms 79:3 They poured out their blood like water all around Jerusalem, and no one was there to bury them.
Psalms 79:4 We have become a disgrace to our neighbors, mocked and laughed at by those around us.
Psalms 79:5 How long, God? Will you be angry always? Will your jealousy burn like fire?
Psalms 79:6 Show your anger to the nations that don't know you, and to the kingdoms that don't call on your name.
Psalms 79:7 They have destroyed Jacob and ruined his home.
Psalms 79:8 God, don't remember our past sins. Quickly show us your compassion, because we are very weak.
Psalms 79:9 Help us, God who saves us, for the sake of your name's glory; rescue us and take away our sins for your name's sake.
Psalms 79:10 Why should other nations ask, "Where is their God?" Let it be known to these nations that you avenge the spilled blood of your servants.
Psalms 79:11 Let the groans of the captive reach you; save those sentenced to die by your great power.
Psalms 79:12 Give back to our neighbors seven times the insults they have given you, God.
Psalms 79:13 We, your people and sheep of your pasture, will always thank you; we will praise you for all generations.

Psalms 80:1 Listen, Shepherd of Israel, you who guide Joseph like sheep; you who sit above the angels, show your light.
Psalms 80:2 Before the tribes of Ephraim, Benjamin, and Manasseh, wake up your power and come save us.
Psalms 80:3 Bring us back, God, make your face bright; then we will be saved.
Psalms 80:4 God of all, how long will you stay angry when your people pray to you?
Psalms 80:5 You feed them with tears for bread; and make them drink tears in abundance.
Psalms 80:6 You make us fight with our neighbors, and our enemies laugh at us.
Psalms 80:7 Bring us back, God of all, make your face shine on us, and we will be saved.
Psalms 80:8 You brought a vine from Egypt; you drove out the nations and planted it.
Psalms 80:9 You prepared space for it, made its roots grow deep, and it spread throughout the land.
Psalms 80:10 The hills were hidden by its shadow, and its branches were like the great cedars.
Psalms 80:11 She stretched her branches out to the sea and her limbs to the river.
Psalms 80:12 Why have you broken down her walls, so that everyone who goes by can pick from her?
Psalms 80:13 The wild pig from the forest destroys it, and the wild animal of the field eats it up.
Psalms 80:14 Please come back, God of power. Look from heaven, see, and take care of this vine.
Psalms 80:15 The vineyard your right hand planted and the shoot you strengthened for yourself.
Psalms 80:16 It is burned with fire, it is chopped down: they die by the scolding of your face.
Psalms 80:17 Let your hand be on the man you support, on the human being you have strengthened for your purpose.
Psalms 80:18 We won't turn away from you; give us life, and we will call on your name.
Psalms 80:19 Bring us back, God of all, make your face shine on us; then we will be saved.

Psalms 81:1 Sing loudly to God, our strength; make happy sounds to the God of Jacob.
Psalms 81:2 Sing a song, and bring the drum, the lovely harp with the zither.
Psalms 81:3 Sound the trumpet at the new moon, at the set time, on our special festival day.
Psalms 81:4 This was a rule for Israel, and a law from the God of Jacob.
Psalms 81:5 He made this a law in Joseph to be a witness, when he traveled through Egypt, where I heard a language I did not understand.
Psalms 81:6 I took the burden off his shoulder; his hands were freed from carrying heavy pots.
Psalms 81:7 You called for help in trouble, and I saved you; I answered you from the thunder's hiding place; I tested you at the waters of Meribah. Pause.
Psalms 81:8 Listen, my people, and I will speak to you: Israel, if you listen to me;
Psalms 81:9 You must not have any foreign gods; you should not bow down to any foreign gods.
Psalms 81:10 I am your God who brought you out of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I will fill it.
Psalms 81:11 But my people did not listen to me; Israel did not want me.
Psalms 81:12 So I let them follow their own desires, and they did what they thought was best.
Psalms 81:13 I wish my people had listened to me and Israel had followed my paths!
Psalms 81:14 I would quickly defeat their enemies and act against their opponents.
Psalms 81:15 God's enemies should have surrendered to him, but their punishment will last forever.
Psalms 81:16 He should have given them the best wheat to eat, and I should have satisfied you with honey from the rock.

Psalms 82:1 God stands in the gathering of the powerful; he judges among the leaders.
Psalms 82:2 How long will you make unfair decisions and favor the wrong people? Pause and think.
Psalms 82:3 Protect the poor and children without parents; treat the troubled and poor fairly.
Psalms 82:4 Help the poor and those in need; rescue them from the power of the wicked.
Psalms 82:5 They do not know or understand; they continue in darkness: all the world's foundations are unsettled.
Psalms 82:6 I have said, you are gods; and you are all children of the most High.
Psalms 82:7 You will die like humans and fall like any leader.
Psalms 82:8 Get up, God, and judge the world, because you will receive all the nations as your own.

Psalms 83:1 God, do not be silent; do not stay quiet, God.
Psalms 83:2 Look, your enemies are causing chaos: and those who hate you have become arrogant.
Psalms 83:3 They have made sneaky plans against your people and plotted against those you protect.
Psalms 83:4 They said, "Come, let's destroy them as a nation, so no one remembers the name Israel anymore."
Psalms 83:5 They have agreed together to join forces against you.
Psalms 83:6 The tents of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;
Psalms 83:7 Gebal, Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines and the people of Tyre;
Psalms 83:8 Assur has also teamed up with them; they have helped Lot's descendants. Pause.
Psalms 83:9 Treat them like you did the Midianites and like you did Sisera and Jabin at the Kishon River.
Psalms 83:10 They died at Endor and became like manure on the ground.
Psalms 83:11 Make their leaders like Oreb and Zeeb; make all their princes like Zebah and Zalmunna.
Psalms 83:12 They said, "Let's take God's houses for ourselves."
Psalms 83:13 My God, make them like a spinning wheel; like dry plants before the wind.
Psalms 83:14 Just as fire burns wood, and flames set the mountains ablaze;
Psalms 83:15 Chase them with your wind and scare them with your storm.
Psalms 83:16 Make them feel ashamed so that they will look for you, God.
Psalms 83:17 May they be confused and troubled forever; yes, may they be embarrassed and die.
Psalms 83:18 People will know that you, named God, are the highest above all the earth.

Psalms 84:1 How lovely are your homes, O God of armies!
Psalms 84:2 My soul longs and even grows weak for God's courtyards; my heart and body cry out for the living God.
Psalms 84:3 Yes, the sparrow has found a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she can lay her chicks, by your altars, O God of all, my King and my God.
Psalms 84:4 Happy are those who live in your house; they will always praise you.
Psalms 84:5 Happy is the person who finds strength in you; whose heart follows your paths.
Psalms 84:6 Traveling through the Valley of Baca, they turn it into a place with springs; the rain also fills the ponds.
Psalms 84:7 They grow stronger and stronger, and each appears before God in Zion.
Psalms 84:8 God of all, listen to my prayer: pay attention, God of Jacob. Pause.
Psalms 84:9 See, O God our protector, and gaze at your chosen one's face.
Psalms 84:10 One day in your courtyards is better than a thousand days elsewhere. I prefer to be a gatekeeper in the home of my God than to live in the homes of the wicked.
Psalms 84:11 God is like the sun and a protector: God will give kindness and honor: He won't keep back any good thing from those who live rightly.
Psalms 84:12 God of all, happy is the person who trusts in you.

Psalms 85:1 God, you have been good to your land; you have freed Jacob's captives.
Psalms 85:2 You have forgiven your people's sins; you have covered all their wrongs. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 85:3 You have removed all your anger; you have turned away from the intensity of your rage.
Psalms 85:4 God of our salvation, turn us back to you and stop being angry with us.
Psalms 85:5 Will you stay angry with us forever? Will you keep your anger through all generations?
Psalms 85:6 Will you not bring us back to life so your people can be happy in you?
Psalms 85:7 Show us your mercy, God, and give us your salvation.
Psalms 85:8 I will listen to what God will say: He promises peace to His people and His holy ones, but they must not go back to foolish ways.
Psalms 85:9 God's rescue is close to those who respect him; so that honor may live in our land.
Psalms 85:10 Kindness and truth have come together; fairness and peace have embraced.
Psalms 85:11 Truth will grow from the ground; and fairness will look down from the sky.
Psalms 85:12 Yes, God will give what is good, and our land will produce its crops.
Psalms 85:13 Goodness will lead the way for him; and will guide us on his path.

Psalms 86:1 Lean down your ear, God, listen to me: I am poor and in need.
Psalms 86:2 Keep me safe, because I am devoted to you; my God, rescue your servant who relies on you.
Psalms 86:3 Show me kindness, God, for I call out to you every day.
Psalms 86:4 Make your servant's heart happy, because I turn to you, God, with all my heart.
Psalms 86:5 You, God, are good and always ready to forgive; you are rich in kindness to all who call on you.
Psalms 86:6 Listen, God, to my prayer; pay attention to my requests.
Psalms 86:7 When I have problems, I will ask for your help because you will respond to me.
Psalms 86:8 There are no gods like you, God; no deeds can match what you do.
Psalms 86:9 Every nation you created will come and worship before you, God; they will honor your name.
Psalms 86:10 You are great and do amazing things; you are the only God.
Psalms 86:11 Teach me your way, God; I will follow your truth: make my heart whole to respect your name.
Psalms 86:12 I will praise you, God, with all my heart, and I will honor your name forever.
Psalms 86:13 Your kindness to me is great; you have saved me from the deepest darkness.
Psalms 86:14 God, proud people rise against me, and groups of violent men chase my soul; they do not consider you.
Psalms 86:15 But you, God, are filled with compassion and kindness, very patient, and rich in mercy and truth.
Psalms 86:16 God, please pay attention to me and show me kindness; give your power to your servant and rescue your servant's mother's child.
Psalms 86:17 Show me a sign of your goodness, so those who hate me will see it and feel shame, because you, God, have helped and comforted me.

Psalms 87:1 His base is in the sacred mountains.
Psalms 87:2 God loves the gates of Zion more than any homes of Jacob.
Psalms 87:3 People say wonderful things about you, O city of God. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 87:4 I will talk about Egypt and Babylon to my people; look at Philistia, Tyre, and Ethiopia; this person was born there.
Psalms 87:5 People will say, "This person and that person were born in Zion," and God himself will make her strong.
Psalms 87:6 God will take note, as he records the people, that this person was born there. Pause.
Psalms 87:7 Singers and musicians will be there: all my sources of life are with you.

Psalms 88:1 God, who saves me, I have called out to you day and night.
Psalms 88:2 Let my prayer reach you: listen to my call for help.
Psalms 88:3 My soul is filled with troubles, and my life is close to ending.
Psalms 88:4 I am grouped with those who descend into the pit; I am like a man without strength.
Psalms 88:5 Free among the dead, like those killed that lie in the grave, whom you no longer remember: and they are separated from your care.
Psalms 88:6 You have put me in the deepest pit, in dark places, in the depths.
Psalms 88:7 Your anger weighs heavily on me, and you have hit me with all your waves. Pause.
Psalms 88:8 You have pushed my friends far away from me; you have made me disgusting to them: I am trapped and can't get out.
Psalms 88:9 My eye cries because I am suffering: God, I call to you every day, I reach out my hands to you.
Psalms 88:10 Will you show wonders to the dead? Will the dead rise and praise you? Pause.
Psalms 88:11 Can anyone speak of your kindness in death, or of your faithfulness in ruin?
Psalms 88:12 Can your miracles be known in the dark? Can your goodness be known in the land of forgetting?
Psalms 88:13 I have cried out to you, God, and in the morning my prayer will come before you.
Psalms 88:14 God, why do you reject me? Why do you hide your face from me?
Psalms 88:15 I have been suffering and close to death since I was young; I am overwhelmed by your fears.
Psalms 88:16 Your fierce anger has swept over me; your fears have isolated me.
Psalms 88:17 They surrounded me every day like water; they all closed in on me together.
Psalms 88:18 You have pushed my loved ones and friends far away from me, and made my companions disappear into darkness.

Psalms 89:1 I will sing about God's kindness forever; with my words, I will tell everyone about your faithfulness through all times.
Psalms 89:2 I have said that kindness will last forever; you will set your faithfulness firmly in the skies.
Psalms 89:3 I have made a promise with my chosen, I have sworn to David my servant.
Psalms 89:4 I will make your descendants last forever, and build your kingdom for all generations. Pause and think.
Psalms 89:5 The sky will praise your miracles, God: your faithfulness too, among the holy people.
Psalms 89:6 Who in heaven can compare to God? Who among the powerful is like God?
Psalms 89:7 God should be greatly respected by his holy people and revered by all who are around him.
Psalms 89:8 God of all, who is as mighty as you? Who matches your faithfulness?
Psalms 89:9 You control the furious sea: when its waves rise, you calm them.
Psalms 89:10 You have shattered Rahab like someone killed; you have spread out your enemies with your powerful arm.
Psalms 89:11 The skies and the earth belong to you; you created the world and everything in it.
Psalms 89:12 You created the north and the south: Tabor and Hermon will be happy in your name.
Psalms 89:13 You have a powerful arm; your hand is strong and your right hand is lifted high.
Psalms 89:14 Fairness and right decisions support your rule; kindness and honesty will be ahead of you.
Psalms 89:15 Happy are the people who know the joyful sound: they will walk, God, in the light of your presence.
Psalms 89:16 They will be happy all day because of you, God, and your goodness will lift them up.
Psalms 89:17 For you are the source of their power; and by your kindness, we are made strong.
Psalms 89:18 God is our protector; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.
Psalms 89:19 You spoke in a vision to your holy one and said, I have given help to someone strong; I have raised up a chosen one from the people.
Psalms 89:20 I have chosen David as my servant; I have anointed him with my sacred oil.
Psalms 89:21 I will support him with my hand; my arm will also make him strong.
Psalms 89:22 The enemy will not force him to pay; nor will the wicked person hurt him.
Psalms 89:23 I will defeat his enemies in front of him and trouble those who hate him.
Psalms 89:24 My loyalty and kindness will stay with him, and through my power, his strength will be lifted up.
Psalms 89:25 I will give him power over the sea and control over the rivers.
Psalms 89:26 He will call out to me, 'You are my father, my God, and the rock who saves me.'
Psalms 89:27 I will also make him my most important child, greater than all the rulers of the world.
Psalms 89:28 I will always show him kindness, and my agreement with him will always be strong.
Psalms 89:29 I will make his descendants last forever, and his throne will endure as long as the sky.
Psalms 89:30 If his children ignore my rules and do not follow my decisions;
Psalms 89:31 If they do not follow my laws and do not obey my commands;
Psalms 89:32 I will punish their sins with a rod and their wrongdoings with whipping.
Psalms 89:33 I will not completely remove my kindness from him, nor let my faithfulness end.
Psalms 89:34 I will not break my promise or change what I have said.
Psalms 89:35 I have sworn by my holiness that I will not lie to David.
Psalms 89:36 His descendants will last forever, and his rule will be like the sun in my presence.
Psalms 89:37 It will last forever like the moon, and be a reliable witness in the sky. Pause.
Psalms 89:38 But you have rejected and despised, you have been angry with your chosen one.
Psalms 89:39 You have broken the agreement with your servant; you have disrespected his crown by throwing it to the ground.
Psalms 89:40 You have torn down all his fences; you have destroyed his strong defenses.
Psalms 89:41 Everyone who goes by robs him; he's a disgrace to his neighbors.
Psalms 89:42 You gave strength to his foes; you made all his enemies happy.
Psalms 89:43 You have also dulled the edge of his sword, and have not allowed him to stand strong in battle.
Psalms 89:44 You have ended his glory and thrown his throne down to the ground.
Psalms 89:45 You have cut short the days of his youth; you have wrapped him in disgrace. Pause.
Psalms 89:46 How long, God? Will you hide yourself forever? Will your anger keep burning like fire?
Psalms 89:47 Remember how brief my life is; why have you created everyone for no purpose?
Psalms 89:48 Who is the person that will live and not die? Can he save himself from the power of the grave? Pause and think.
Psalms 89:49 God, where are your past acts of love, which you promised to David in your faithfulness?
Psalms 89:50 Remember, God, how your servants are insulted; I carry the insults of many peoples deep in my heart.
Psalms 89:51 Your enemies have insulted you, God; they have insulted the path your chosen one has walked.
Psalms 89:52 May God be praised always. So be it, and so be it.

Psalms 90:1 God, you have been our home through all the ages.
Psalms 90:2 Before the mountains existed, or before you made the earth and the world, from forever in the past to forever in the future, you are God.
Psalms 90:3 You turn people back to dust and tell them, "Come back, everyone."
Psalms 90:4 To you, a thousand years are like yesterday when it is over, or like a few hours in the night.
Psalms 90:5 You sweep them away like a flood; they are like sleep: in the morning they are like growing grass.
Psalms 90:6 In the morning it blooms and grows; in the evening it is chopped down and dries up.
Psalms 90:7 We are worn out by your anger and overwhelmed by your fury.
Psalms 90:8 You have put our wrongdoings in front of you, our hidden sins in the light of your presence.
Psalms 90:9 All our days vanish in your anger; we live our years like a story that's told.
Psalms 90:10 Our lives last about 70 years or, if we are strong, 80 years. But even the best of these years are full of hard work and pain. Soon they pass, and we are gone.
Psalms 90:11 Who understands how powerful your anger is? Your wrath matches the fear you deserve.
Psalms 90:12 Help us to count our days so we learn to grow wiser.
Psalms 90:13 Come back, God, how much longer? Change your mind about your servants.
Psalms 90:14 Please let us experience your kindness early, so we can be happy and joyful all our lives.
Psalms 90:15 Make us happy for as long as the times you let us have troubles, and for as many years as we have known sadness.
Psalms 90:16 Show your work to your servants and your greatness to their children.
Psalms 90:17 May God's beauty be with us: make the work of our hands strong; yes, make our work strong.

Psalms 91:1 Whoever lives in the hidden place of the Most High will stay safe under the protection of the Almighty.
Psalms 91:2 I will say about God, He is my safe place and strong shelter: my God; in Him I will trust.
Psalms 91:3 God will surely save you from the hunter's trap and from deadly disease.
Psalms 91:4 God will protect you like a bird covers its young with feathers; you will find safety under his wings: his faithfulness will be your defense and protector.
Psalms 91:5 Do not be afraid of dangers at night or arrows that fly during the day.
Psalms 91:6 Not for the sickness that moves in the dark; not for the ruin that destroys at midday.
Psalms 91:7 A thousand will fall near you, and ten thousand by your side, but it will not come close to you.
Psalms 91:8 You will only watch and see what happens to the wicked.
Psalms 91:9 Because you have made God, who is my protection, even the highest place, your home.
Psalms 91:10 No harm will happen to you, nor will any sickness come close to your home.
Psalms 91:11 God will send his angels to look after you and guard you wherever you go.
Psalms 91:12 They will carry you in their hands, so you won't hurt your foot on a stone.
Psalms 91:13 You will walk on the lion and snake; you will step on the young lion and the dragon.
Psalms 91:14 Because he loves me, I will rescue him. I will protect him because he knows my name.
Psalms 91:15 He will call to me, and I will reply; I will be with him in trouble, save him, and give him honor.
Psalms 91:16 I will give him a long life and show him how I can save.

Psalms 92:1 It is good to give thanks to God and to sing praises to your name, O Most High.
Psalms 92:2 To show your kindness in the morning, and your faithfulness every night.
Psalms 92:3 Play music on a ten-stringed instrument, on the psaltery, and on the harp, with a majestic tune.
Psalms 92:4 For you, God, have made me happy with what you have done; I will celebrate the things your hands have created.
Psalms 92:5 God, how great are your works! Your thoughts are very deep.
Psalms 92:6 A thoughtless person does not know; a fool does not understand this.
Psalms 92:7 When the bad grow like grass, and all who do wrong thrive, it is so they can be destroyed forever.
Psalms 92:8 But you, God, are the highest forever.
Psalms 92:9 Look, your enemies, God, look, your enemies will die; all the doers of wrong will be spread out.
Psalms 92:10 You will lift my strength like a wild ox's horn: I will be blessed with new oil.
Psalms 92:11 I will see what I wish happen to my enemies, and I will hear what I wish for the wicked who oppose me.
Psalms 92:12 Good people will thrive like palm trees; they will grow strong like cedar trees in Lebanon.
Psalms 92:13 People planted in God's house will thrive in God's courtyards.
Psalms 92:14 Even in old age, they will still produce fruit; they will stay healthy and strong.
Psalms 92:15 To show that God is just: He is my strong support, and there is nothing unfair in Him.

Psalms 93:1 God reigns, He is majestic; God is strong and clothes Himself with power: the world is set firm and cannot be shaken.
Psalms 93:2 Your throne was set up long ago; you are eternal.
Psalms 93:3 The waters have risen, God, the waters have risen and shouted; the waters rise and their waves crash.
Psalms 93:4 God above is stronger than the sound of many waters, yes, even the powerful waves of the sea.
Psalms 93:5 Your teachings are very trustworthy: your house should always be holy, God.

Psalms 94:1 God, who owns revenge, show yourself.
Psalms 94:2 Rise up, you judge of the earth: give the proud what they deserve.
Psalms 94:3 God, how long will the wicked win?
Psalms 94:4 How long will they keep on speaking harsh words and all the wrongdoers brag about themselves?
Psalms 94:5 They crush your people, God, and harm your cherished ones.
Psalms 94:6 They kill the widow and the foreigner, and they murder the orphan.
Psalms 94:7 They say, God won't see, and the God of Jacob won't pay attention.
Psalms 94:8 Listen, you senseless people: and you fools, when will you become wise?
Psalms 94:9 The one who made the ear, can't he hear? The one who created the eye, can't he see?
Psalms 94:10 The one who punishes nations, won't he correct? The one who teaches people knowledge, won't he know?
Psalms 94:11 God knows what people think, and that it is meaningless.
Psalms 94:12 Happy is the person you correct, God, and teach from your law.
Psalms 94:13 So you can give him peace from hard times until a trap is made for the evil.
Psalms 94:14 God will not reject His people or abandon His inheritance.
Psalms 94:15 Justice will come back to what is right, and all the honest-hearted will support it.
Psalms 94:16 Who will stand up for me against those who do evil? Or who will stand up for me against those who commit wrongs?
Psalms 94:17 If God hadn't helped me, I would have been very close to complete silence.
Psalms 94:18 When I said, "I'm slipping," your kindness, God, supported me.
Psalms 94:19 When I have many worries, your comforts make my soul happy.
Psalms 94:20 Can a throne of evil be your partner, making trouble through its laws?
Psalms 94:21 They join together against the good person and blame the innocent.
Psalms 94:22 God is my protector, and He is the strong rock where I am safe.
Psalms 94:23 He will make them suffer for their sins and will completely destroy them because of their evil; yes, our God will wipe them out.

Psalms 95:1 Come, let's sing to God: let's shout joyfully to the rock who saves us.
Psalms 95:2 Let's come before God with thanksgiving and make a joyful noise to him with songs.
Psalms 95:3 God is a great God and a great King above all gods.
Psalms 95:4 In his hand are the world's depths; the hills' power is also his.
Psalms 95:5 The sea belongs to God, and he created it; his hands shaped the land.
Psalms 95:6 Come, let's worship and bow down; let's kneel before God our creator.
Psalms 95:7 He is our God; we are his people, the sheep he cares for. If you listen to his voice today,
Psalms 95:8 Do not make your heart hard, as when you challenged me, and as on the day of testing in the desert.
Psalms 95:9 When your ancestors tested me, tried me, and saw what I did.
Psalms 95:10 For forty years I was upset with that generation; I said, "They are people whose hearts go astray, and they do not understand my paths."
Psalms 95:11 I promised in my anger that they would not enter my place of rest.

Psalms 96:1 Sing a new song to God; let everyone on earth sing to God.
Psalms 96:2 Sing to God, praise His name; show His salvation every day.
Psalms 96:3 Tell everyone about God's greatness and the amazing things he does for all people.
Psalms 96:4 God is great and deserves much praise; we should respect Him more than all other gods.
Psalms 96:5 All the gods of other nations are just idols, but God created the skies.
Psalms 96:6 Honor and greatness are in front of him; power and beauty are in his holy place.
Psalms 96:7 Give to God, all families of the people, give to God glory and strength.
Psalms 96:8 Give God the honor that fits his name; bring a gift and enter his courts.
Psalms 96:9 Worship God in the beauty of being holy; let all the earth respect him.
Psalms 96:10 Tell the nations that God rules: the earth is firm and cannot be shaken; he will judge everyone fairly.
Psalms 96:11 Let the sky be happy, and the earth be joyful; let the sea and everything in it make loud sounds.
Psalms 96:12 Let the field be happy, and everything in it; then all the trees of the forest will celebrate.
Psalms 96:13 Before God, for he comes to judge the earth: he will judge the world fairly and the people with truth.

Psalms 97:1 God rules; let the earth be happy; let the many islands be joyful.
Psalms 97:2 Clouds and darkness surround God; fairness and justice are where his throne is.
Psalms 97:3 A fire goes before him and burns up his enemies all around.
Psalms 97:4 God's lightning lit up the world; the earth saw it and shook.
Psalms 97:5 The hills melted like wax when God appeared, when the God of the whole earth came near.
Psalms 97:6 The sky shows God's goodness, and everyone sees his greatness.
Psalms 97:7 Let those who worship idols and are proud of their false gods be confused: let all gods bow down to Him.
Psalms 97:8 Zion heard and was happy; the women of Judah were joyful because of your decisions, God.
Psalms 97:9 For you, God, are higher than all the earth; you are lifted up far above all gods.
Psalms 97:10 You who love God, hate evil; God protects his holy people and saves them from the wicked.
Psalms 97:11 Light is given to the good, and joy to the honest in heart.
Psalms 97:12 Be happy with God, you good people; and say thanks when you think of his goodness.

Psalms 98:1 Sing to God a new song; for he has done wonderful things: his right hand, and his holy arm, have won the victory.
Psalms 98:2 God has shown his salvation; he has revealed his goodness for all nations to see.
Psalms 98:3 God remembered his kindness and faithfulness to Israel's people: everyone on earth has seen our God's salvation.
Psalms 98:4 Celebrate with joy to God, everyone on earth: be loud and happy, and sing praises.
Psalms 98:5 Sing to God with the harp; use the harp and sing psalms.
Psalms 98:6 Play trumpets and cornets to make happy sounds for God, the King.
Psalms 98:7 Let the sea make noise, and everything in it; the earth, and everyone who lives on it.
Psalms 98:8 Let the rivers applaud: let the hills celebrate together.
Psalms 98:9 Before God; for he comes to judge the earth: he will judge the world fairly, and treat all people equally.

Psalms 99:1 God rules; let the people shake with fear: he sits among the angels; let the earth quake.
Psalms 99:2 God is great in Zion; He is above everyone.
Psalms 99:3 Let them praise your great and awesome name; it is holy.
Psalms 99:4 The king's power shows love for fairness; you set up equality, you carry out fair judgment and what is right in Jacob.
Psalms 99:5 Praise God our God, and bow down at the place he rests his feet; because he is holy.
Psalms 99:6 Moses and Aaron were among his priests, and Samuel was among those who called on his name; they called on God, and he answered them.
Psalms 99:7 He spoke to them from the cloud: they followed his instructions and the laws he gave them.
Psalms 99:8 You answered them, O God our God: you were a God who forgave them, even though you punished their misdeeds.
Psalms 99:9 Praise God, our God, and bow down on his sacred mountain; for God, our God, is pure.

Psalms 100:1 Make a happy sound for God, all you places.
Psalms 100:2 Serve God with happiness; come into his presence with singing.
Psalms 100:3 Understand that God is God: He made us, we didn't make ourselves; we are His people, and the sheep of His field.
Psalms 100:4 Go into God's gates with thanks, and into His yards with praise: be thankful to Him, and speak well of His name.
Psalms 100:5 God is good; his kindness lasts forever; and his truth remains for all generations.

Psalms 101:1 I will sing about love and fairness to you, O God, I will sing.
Psalms 101:2 I will act wisely in a good way. Oh, when will you come to me? I will live in my house with a pure heart.
Psalms 101:3 I will not look at evil things; I hate the actions of those who stray; they will not stick to me.
Psalms 101:4 I will stay away from deceitful people; I will not associate with the wicked.
Psalms 101:5 Anyone who secretly talks badly about their neighbor, I will remove; I will not tolerate anyone with arrogant eyes and a proud heart.
Psalms 101:6 I will watch over the loyal people of the land, so they can live with me; anyone who lives a blameless life will serve me.
Psalms 101:7 Anyone who cheats will not live in my house; a liar will not stay near me.
Psalms 101:8 I will quickly get rid of all the bad people in the land to remove all those who do evil from God's city.

Psalms 102:1 Listen to my prayer, God, and hear my call for help.
Psalms 102:2 Do not hide from me when I am in trouble; listen to me: answer quickly when I call you.
Psalms 102:3 My days vanish like smoke, and my bones are as burned out as a fireplace.
Psalms 102:4 My heart is struck down and dried up like grass; I even forget to eat my food.
Psalms 102:5 Because of my crying, my bones stick to my skin.
Psalms 102:6 I am like a pelican in the wild: I am like an owl in the desert.
Psalms 102:7 I watch and am like a lone sparrow on the rooftop.
Psalms 102:8 My enemies insult me all day; those who hate me are always plotting against me.
Psalms 102:9 I have eaten ashes as if they were bread and mixed my drink with tears.
Psalms 102:10 Because you were angry and upset, you picked me up and then threw me down.
Psalms 102:11 My days are like a fading shadow; I am wilting like grass.
Psalms 102:12 But you, God, will last forever; and you will be remembered by all generations.
Psalms 102:13 You will stand up and be kind to Zion because it is time to help her; yes, the exact time has arrived.
Psalms 102:14 Your servants enjoy her stones and care for her dust.
Psalms 102:15 So the nations will respect God's name, and all the earth's rulers your greatness.
Psalms 102:16 When God rebuilds Zion, he will show his greatness.
Psalms 102:17 God will pay attention to the poor's prayer and won't reject it.
Psalms 102:18 This will be recorded for future generations: and the people yet to be made will praise God.
Psalms 102:19 God has looked down from his holy place above; from heaven he watched over the earth.
Psalms 102:20 To listen to the cries of the prisoners; to free those who are set to die;
Psalms 102:21 To tell of God's name in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;
Psalms 102:22 When the people and the kingdoms come together to serve God.
Psalms 102:23 God made me weaker on my journey; He cut my life shorter.
Psalms 102:24 I said, O my God, do not take me away when my life is half done; your years last through all generations.
Psalms 102:25 Long ago, you created the earth's foundation, and the skies are made by your hands.
Psalms 102:26 They will be destroyed, but you will last. Yes, they will all wear out like clothes; you will change them like an outfit, and they will be changed.
Psalms 102:27 You remain the same, and your years will never end.
Psalms 102:28 Your servants' children will live on, and their descendants will be secure in your presence.

Psalms 103:1 Praise God, O my soul, and everything in me, praise his holy name.
Psalms 103:2 Praise God, my soul, and don't forget all the good things he does.
Psalms 103:3 God forgives all your sins; God heals all your sicknesses.
Psalms 103:4 God saves your life from destruction; God blesses you with kindness and compassion.
Psalms 103:5 God fills your hunger with good things, making you feel young again like an eagle.
Psalms 103:6 God carries out what is right and fair for all who are mistreated.
Psalms 103:7 He showed his ways to Moses, his deeds to the Israelites.
Psalms 103:8 God is kind and good, slow to get angry, and full of mercy.
Psalms 103:9 God won't always scold us, nor stay angry forever.
Psalms 103:10 God has not treated us as our sins deserve; nor has He repaid us based on our wrongdoings.
Psalms 103:11 Just as the sky is high above the ground, so is God's kindness to those who respect Him.
Psalms 103:12 Just as the east is far from the west, so God has taken our wrongs far away from us.
Psalms 103:13 Just as a father shows kindness to his children, so God shows kindness to those who respect him.
Psalms 103:14 God knows how we are made; He remembers that we are like dust.
Psalms 103:15 A person's life is like grass: they grow like a field flower.
Psalms 103:16 The wind blows over it, and it disappears; and its place will not recognize it anymore.
Psalms 103:17 God's kindness lasts forever for those who respect Him, and His goodness extends to their grandchildren.
Psalms 103:18 Those who follow God's promise and remember to obey his rules.
Psalms 103:19 God has set up his throne in the sky; and his kingdom controls everything.
Psalms 103:20 Praise God, you strong angels who obey his commands and listen to what he says.
Psalms 103:21 Praise God, all his armies; you who serve him and do what he wants.
Psalms 103:22 Praise God, all his creations everywhere he rules: praise God, my inner self.

Psalms 104:1 Praise God, my soul. O my God, you are very great; you are dressed in glory and splendor.
Psalms 104:2 You cover yourself with light like clothes: you spread out the skies like a curtain.
Psalms 104:3 He sets the beams for his rooms in the waters. He makes the clouds his carriage. He walks on the wings of the wind.
Psalms 104:4 God makes his angels spirits and his servants like a blazing fire.
Psalms 104:5 Who set the earth's foundations so it would never move.
Psalms 104:6 You covered it with the deep like a garment; the waters stood over the mountains.
Psalms 104:7 At your scolding they ran away; at the sound of your thunder they hurried off.
Psalms 104:8 They climb the mountains; they go down into the valleys to the place you have created for them.
Psalms 104:9 You have set a limit they cannot cross; they cannot come back to cover the earth.
Psalms 104:10 He sends streams into the valleys; they flow between the hills.
Psalms 104:11 They provide water for every animal in the field; the wild donkeys satisfy their thirst.
Psalms 104:12 The birds of the sky will live there, singing in the branches.
Psalms 104:13 He gives water to the hills from his home; the earth has all it needs from what you have done.
Psalms 104:14 God makes grass grow for the cows, and plants for people to use, so they can get food from the ground.
Psalms 104:15 Wine cheers people's hearts, oil makes their faces glow, and bread gives them strength.
Psalms 104:16 God's trees are full of juice; the cedars of Lebanon, which he has planted.
Psalms 104:17 Birds build their nests there; the stork makes its home in the fir trees.
Psalms 104:18 High hills give wild goats safety; rocks give shelter to hyraxes.
Psalms 104:19 God made the moon to mark the seasons; the sun knows when to set.
Psalms 104:20 You make darkness, and it becomes night: when all the forest animals come out.
Psalms 104:21 Young lions roar for their food and look to God for it.
Psalms 104:22 The sun rises, they come together, and lie down in their dens.
Psalms 104:23 A person goes out to work and works until evening.
Psalms 104:24 God, how many are your works! In wisdom, you made them all: the earth is filled with your wealth.
Psalms 104:25 This big, vast sea is home to countless creeping things, both tiny and huge creatures.
Psalms 104:26 Ships sail there; the great sea creature you made plays in the waters.
Psalms 104:27 They all wait for you to give them their food at the right time.
Psalms 104:28 You give to them, and they collect; you open your hand, and they are satisfied with good things.
Psalms 104:29 When you hide your face, they are scared; when you take their breath away, they die and turn back to dust.
Psalms 104:30 You send out your spirit, and they are created; you renew the earth's surface.
Psalms 104:31 God's glory will last forever; God will be happy with his creations.
Psalms 104:32 God looks at the earth, and it shakes; he touches the mountains, and they smoke.
Psalms 104:33 I will sing to God as long as I live: I will praise my God as long as I exist.
Psalms 104:34 I will enjoy thinking about God: I will be happy with God.
Psalms 104:35 Let the sinners vanish from the earth, and the wicked exist no more. Praise God, my soul. Praise God.

Psalms 105:1 Give thanks to God; call on his name; tell people about what he has done.
Psalms 105:2 Sing to him, sing songs to him; talk about all his amazing works.
Psalms 105:3 Be proud of his holy name; let the hearts of those who seek God be happy.
Psalms 105:4 Look for God and his power; always try to see him.
Psalms 105:5 Remember the amazing things God has done, his miracles, and the decisions he has spoken.
Psalms 105:6 Descendants of Abraham, his servant, and children of Jacob, his chosen one.
Psalms 105:7 He is our God; His decisions are everywhere on earth.
Psalms 105:8 God has always remembered his promise, the command he gave for thousands of generations.
Psalms 105:9 God made this promise to Abraham and swore an oath to Isaac.
Psalms 105:10 God made it a law for Jacob and an eternal covenant for Israel.
Psalms 105:11 I will give you the land of Canaan, your inheritance.
Psalms 105:12 They were only a few people, very few, and foreigners there.
Psalms 105:13 As they moved from one nation to another and from one kingdom to a different group of people;
Psalms 105:14 God did not let anyone harm them; indeed, he corrected kings because of them.
Psalms 105:15 God says, "Do not hurt the people I have chosen, and do not harm my messengers."
Psalms 105:16 He caused a famine in the land; he broke the support of bread.
Psalms 105:17 God sent a man ahead of them, named Joseph, who was sold as a servant.
Psalms 105:18 They hurt his feet with chains; he was put in irons.
Psalms 105:19 Until the time that his word came true, God's promise tested him.
Psalms 105:20 The king sent for him and set him free; the leader of the people released him.
Psalms 105:21 He made him the master of his home and the leader of all he owned.
Psalms 105:22 To tie up his leaders as he wishes; and to give his wise men knowledge.
Psalms 105:23 Israel went to Egypt; Jacob stayed in Ham's land.
Psalms 105:24 He made his people grow in number greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.
Psalms 105:25 He made them hate his people and treat his servants with deceit.
Psalms 105:26 God sent Moses, his servant, and Aaron, whom he chose.
Psalms 105:27 They showed his miracles to them, and amazing things in Ham's land.
Psalms 105:28 God sent darkness and it became dark, but they did not rebel against his word.
Psalms 105:29 He turned their water into blood and killed their fish.
Psalms 105:30 Their land had many frogs, even in their kings' rooms.
Psalms 105:31 He spoke, and different types of flies and lice appeared throughout their lands.
Psalms 105:32 He sent them ice instead of rain, and fire that burned in their land.
Psalms 105:33 He struck down their grapevines and fig trees, and broke the trees in their territory.
Psalms 105:34 He spoke, and locusts and caterpillars came in endless numbers.
Psalms 105:35 They ate all the plants in the land and consumed the crops from their soil.
Psalms 105:36 He also struck down every firstborn in their land, the most powerful of all.
Psalms 105:37 He also led them out with silver and gold, and all of them were strong and healthy.
Psalms 105:38 Egypt was happy when they left because they were afraid of them.
Psalms 105:39 He put a cloud as a cover and a fire to shine at night.
Psalms 105:40 The people requested, and he provided birds, and filled them with food from heaven.
Psalms 105:41 God opened the rock, and water rushed out; it flowed in the dry areas like a river.
Psalms 105:42 God remembered his sacred promise to his servant Abraham.
Psalms 105:43 He led his people out with joy, and his chosen ones with happiness.
Psalms 105:44 God gave them the lands of the nations, and they received the work of the peoples.
Psalms 105:45 So they could follow his rules and obey his laws. Praise God.

Psalms 106:1 Praise God. Give thanks to God, for he is good and his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 106:2 Who can speak of God's powerful deeds? Who can show all the praise he deserves?
Psalms 106:3 Happy are those who follow what is just, and the one who does what is right all the time.
Psalms 106:4 Remember me, God, with the kindness you show to your people: come to save me.
Psalms 106:5 So I can see the good things for your chosen ones, be happy with your people's joy, and celebrate with your heritage.
Psalms 106:6 We have done wrong like our ancestors, we have acted badly, we have behaved wickedly.
Psalms 106:7 Our ancestors did not understand your miracles in Egypt; they did not remember your many acts of kindness but angered you at the sea, at the Red Sea.
Psalms 106:8 Yet he saved them for his name's sake, to show his great power.
Psalms 106:9 He scolded the Red Sea, and it dried up; so he guided them through the deep parts as if through a desert.
Psalms 106:10 He saved them from the one who hated them and rescued them from their enemy.
Psalms 106:11 The water covered their enemies: not even one survived.
Psalms 106:12 Then they believed what he said; they praised him.
Psalms 106:13 They quickly forgot what he had done; they did not wait for his advice.
Psalms 106:14 They desired too much in the wilderness and tested God in the desert.
Psalms 106:15 He granted their wish, but made their life empty.
Psalms 106:16 They were jealous of Moses in the camp, and of Aaron, God's holy one.
Psalms 106:17 The ground opened up and swallowed Dathan and then closed over Abiram's group.
Psalms 106:18 A fire started among them; the flame consumed the wicked.
Psalms 106:19 They created a calf in Horeb and worshipped the metal statue.
Psalms 106:20 So they turned their honor into the likeness of a cow that eats grass.
Psalms 106:21 They forgot God their savior who did great things in Egypt.
Psalms 106:22 Amazing things in the land of Egypt, and scary events by the Red Sea.
Psalms 106:23 So he said he would end them, but Moses, his chosen one, stood before him to stop his anger, or he would have ended them.
Psalms 106:24 Yes, they looked down on the beautiful land and did not trust what he said.
Psalms 106:25 But they complained in their tents and did not listen to God's voice.
Psalms 106:26 So he raised his hand against them, to knock them down in the desert.
Psalms 106:27 To destroy their children among different countries and spread them out across various lands.
Psalms 106:28 They also followed Baalpeor and ate offerings for the dead.
Psalms 106:29 Their actions angered God, and a plague spread among them.
Psalms 106:30 Phinehas stood up and carried out justice; and so the disease was stopped.
Psalms 106:31 God considered that as true goodness forever for all people to come.
Psalms 106:32 They also made him angry at the Waters of Strife, which caused trouble for Moses because of them.
Psalms 106:33 Because they angered him, he spoke without thinking.
Psalms 106:34 They did not wipe out the nations, which God had told them to do.
Psalms 106:35 But they mixed with other nations and adopted their ways.
Psalms 106:36 They worshiped their idols, which became a trap for them.
Psalms 106:37 Yes, they sacrificed their sons and daughters to demons.
Psalms 106:38 They killed innocent people, including their own sons and daughters, whom they offered to Canaan's idols, and the land was tainted with blood.
Psalms 106:39 They became unclean by what they did and were unfaithful with their own ideas.
Psalms 106:40 God became very angry with his people and came to detest his own chosen ones.
Psalms 106:41 He let other nations defeat them, and their enemies ruled over them.
Psalms 106:42 Their enemies pressured them, and they came under their control.
Psalms 106:43 God saved them many times, but they angered him with their advice and were punished for their sins.
Psalms 106:44 God noticed their suffering when he heard their call for help.
Psalms 106:45 God remembered his promise to them and felt sorry for them because of his great kindness.
Psalms 106:46 He also made all who took them captive feel sorry for them.
Psalms 106:47 Save us, God, and bring us back from among the nations, to thank your holy name and to celebrate your praise.
Psalms 106:48 Let's praise the God of Israel forever and ever; and let everyone say, "Yes." Praise God.

Psalms 107:1 Give thanks to God, because He is good; His love lasts forever.
Psalms 107:2 Let those saved by God say so, whom he has saved from the enemy's power.
Psalms 107:3 God brought them together from the east, west, north, and south.
Psalms 107:4 They roamed the desert on a lonely path and found no city to live in.
Psalms 107:5 They were hungry and thirsty, and they felt weak deep inside.
Psalms 107:6 They called out to God in their trouble, and he rescued them from their distress.
Psalms 107:7 He guided them on the right path so they could reach a city to live in.
Psalms 107:8 I wish people would thank God for his kindness and for the amazing things he does for humans!
Psalms 107:9 God satisfies the longing person and fills the hungry person with good things.
Psalms 107:10 Those who sit in darkness and near death, trapped in suffering and chains;
Psalms 107:11 They disobeyed God's words and scorned the advice of the Most High.
Psalms 107:12 So God made them weak with hard work; they stumbled, and no one was there to help them.
Psalms 107:13 They called out to God in their trouble, and he rescued them from their problems.
Psalms 107:14 He led them from darkness and the shadow of death, and broke their chains apart.
Psalms 107:15 I wish people would thank God for his kindness and his amazing deeds for humanity!
Psalms 107:16 He has smashed the bronze gates and cut through the iron bars.
Psalms 107:17 Fools suffer because they rebel and do wrong.
Psalms 107:18 Their soul hates all kinds of food; and they are close to dying.
Psalms 107:19 Then they call to God in their trouble, and he saves them from their distresses.
Psalms 107:20 He sent his message, healed them, and saved them from their troubles.
Psalms 107:21 I wish people would thank God for His kindness and for His amazing deeds to humans!
Psalms 107:22 Let them offer thanksgiving sacrifices and joyfully talk about what God has done.
Psalms 107:23 Those who sail on the sea in ships, doing work on the vast waters;
Psalms 107:24 They see God's deeds and his amazing works in the ocean.
Psalms 107:25 He commands, and a stormy wind rises, lifting the waves.
Psalms 107:26 They rise up to the sky, they sink down to the deep: their spirit is overwhelmed by distress.
Psalms 107:27 They sway back and forth, and stumble like a drunk person, and don't know what to do.
Psalms 107:28 Then they call out to God in their trouble, and he saves them from their distresses.
Psalms 107:29 He turns the storm into a calm so that the waves become still.
Psalms 107:30 Then they are happy because they are calm; so he takes them to the place they wanted to reach.
Psalms 107:31 I wish people would thank God for his kindness and his amazing deeds for all people!
Psalms 107:32 Let them praise God among the people, and honor him in the gathering of the elders.
Psalms 107:33 He turns rivers into deserts and springs of water into dry land.
Psalms 107:34 A productive land becomes empty because of the evil of those who live there.
Psalms 107:35 He turns the desert into pools of water and parched land into springs.
Psalms 107:36 There he lets the hungry live, so they can build a city to live in.
Psalms 107:37 Plant the fields and grow vineyards to produce a harvest of fruit.
Psalms 107:38 He blesses them, and they increase a lot; he does not let their animals become fewer.
Psalms 107:39 They are reduced and weakened by hardship, trouble, and sadness.
Psalms 107:40 He shows disrespect to rulers and makes them walk in the desert, where there are no paths.
Psalms 107:41 God lifts the poor from trouble and gives them many children like a herd of sheep.
Psalms 107:42 Good people will see it and be happy, while all wrongdoers will be silent.
Psalms 107:43 Anyone who is wise and pays attention to these things will understand God's kindness.

Psalms 108:1 God, my heart is steady; I will sing and praise you with all my heart.
Psalms 108:2 Wake up, stringed instruments and harp: I will wake up early.
Psalms 108:3 I will praise you, God, among the people; and I will sing praises to you among the nations.
Psalms 108:4 Your kindness is vast, beyond the skies, and your truth goes up to the clouds.
Psalms 108:5 God, be lifted up higher than the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Psalms 108:6 Help your loved ones be rescued: save them with your power, and respond to me.
Psalms 108:7 God has spoken in his sacred place; I will be happy, I will split Shechem, and measure out the valley of Succoth.
Psalms 108:8 Gilead belongs to me; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim is my strong leader; Judah makes my laws.
Psalms 108:9 Moab is my washbasin; I will toss my shoe over Edom; I will be victorious over Philistia.
Psalms 108:10 Who will take me into the fortified city? Who will guide me into Edom?
Psalms 108:11 Won't you, God, who have rejected us, come with our armies?
Psalms 108:12 Help us in trouble, because human help is useless.
Psalms 108:13 With God's help, we will be brave; He will defeat our enemies.

Psalms 109:1 God of my praise, do not stay silent.
Psalms 109:2 Wicked and deceitful people have opened their mouths against me; they have lied about me.
Psalms 109:3 They surrounded me with hateful words and attacked me for no reason.
Psalms 109:4 Even though I show love, they are my enemies; but I still pray.
Psalms 109:5 They have paid me back bad for good, and hate for my love.
Psalms 109:6 Put an evil person in charge of him, and let Satan be by his side.
Psalms 109:7 When he is judged, let him be found guilty, and may his prayer be counted as sin.
Psalms 109:8 May his time be short; may someone else replace him in his job.
Psalms 109:9 May his children have no father, and his wife be a widow.
Psalms 109:10 May his children wander and beg, always seeking food from ruined places.
Psalms 109:11 Let the thief take everything he owns; and let outsiders take what he has worked for.
Psalms 109:12 Let no one show him kindness, and no one care for his orphaned children.
Psalms 109:13 Let his descendants disappear; and let their name be erased in the next generation.
Psalms 109:14 Let God remember his fathers' wrongs and not erase his mother's sins.
Psalms 109:15 Keep them always before God, so that he may erase the memory of them from the earth.
Psalms 109:16 Because he did not remember to show mercy but chased after the poor and needy, intending to kill those whose hearts were crushed.
Psalms 109:17 Since he liked to curse, let curses come to him; since he did not enjoy blessing, let it be far from him.
Psalms 109:18 He wore curses like clothes, so let them soak into him like water and like oil into his bones.
Psalms 109:19 May it be to him like the clothes he wears and the belt he always has on.
Psalms 109:20 Let this be the payback for my enemies from God, and for those who say bad things about me.
Psalms 109:21 Help me, God, for the sake of your name; since your mercy is good, rescue me.
Psalms 109:22 I am poor and in need, and my heart is hurt inside me.
Psalms 109:23 I have vanished like a shadow when it fades; I am shaken back and forth like a locust.
Psalms 109:24 My knees are weak from not eating, and I've lost weight.
Psalms 109:25 I also became someone they insulted; when they saw me, they shook their heads.
Psalms 109:26 Help me, God my God; save me because of your kindness.
Psalms 109:27 So they will understand this is your work; that you, God, have done it.
Psalms 109:28 Let them curse, but you bless: when they stand up, let them be embarrassed; but let your servant be happy.
Psalms 109:29 Let my enemies be covered with shame and wrap themselves in their confusion like a cloak.
Psalms 109:30 I will praise God a lot with my words; yes, I will praise him in front of many people.
Psalms 109:31 He will stand by the poor to protect them from those who judge them wrongly.

Psalms 110:1 God said to my Lord, "Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place for your feet."
Psalms 110:2 God will send out your mighty scepter from Zion: rule in the middle of your enemies.
Psalms 110:3 Your people will willingly follow you when you show your power. Dressed in holy beauty like the fresh morning dew, you have the vitality of youth.
Psalms 110:4 God has made a promise that cannot be changed: You are a priest forever, in the way of Melchizedek.
Psalms 110:5 God at your side will defeat kings when he's angry.
Psalms 110:6 He will judge the nations, fill the lands with dead bodies, and strike down rulers across many countries.
Psalms 110:7 He will drink from the stream on his path; because of this, he will hold his head high.

Psalms 111:1 Praise God. I will praise God with all my heart, among the good people and the gathered crowd.
Psalms 111:2 God's works are great, and all who enjoy them seek them out.
Psalms 111:3 His work is noble and wonderful; and his goodness lasts forever.
Psalms 111:4 He made his amazing deeds unforgettable: God is kind and very compassionate.
Psalms 111:5 He has provided food to those who respect him; he will always remember his agreement.
Psalms 111:6 He has shown his people the power of his actions, so that he can give them the lands of other nations.
Psalms 111:7 What God does is true and fair; all his rules are certain.
Psalms 111:8 They remain forever and ever, and are made with truth and honesty.
Psalms 111:9 He brought freedom to his people; he ordered his agreement to last forever: his name is holy and worthy of respect.
Psalms 111:10 Being afraid of God is the start of being wise; those who follow His rules understand things well: His praise lasts always.

Psalms 112:1 Praise God. Happy is the person who respects God and loves to follow His rules.
Psalms 112:2 His children will be powerful on earth; the descendants of the good will be blessed.
Psalms 112:3 Wealth and riches will be in his house, and his goodness will last forever.
Psalms 112:4 For good people, light shines in the dark: they are kind, caring, and fair.
Psalms 112:5 A good person is kind and lends; they manage their matters wisely.
Psalms 112:6 He will surely not be shaken forever; the good person will always be remembered.
Psalms 112:7 He will not fear bad news: his heart is steady, trusting in God.
Psalms 112:8 His heart is steady, he will not be scared, until he sees what he wants happen to his enemies.
Psalms 112:9 He has shared, he has given to the needy; his goodness lasts forever; his strength will be honored.
Psalms 112:10 Bad people will see it and be upset; they will grind their teeth and fade away; what bad people want will vanish.

Psalms 113:1 Praise God. All you who serve God, praise God's name.
Psalms 113:2 God's name is blessed from now on and forever.
Psalms 113:3 From sunrise to sunset, God's name should be praised.
Psalms 113:4 God is greater than all countries, and his greatness is higher than the skies.
Psalms 113:5 Who is like God, our God, who lives on high?
Psalms 113:6 God bows down to look at the things in heaven and on earth.
Psalms 113:7 He lifts the poor from the ground and raises the needy from the dirt.
Psalms 113:8 So he can place him with leaders, with his people's leaders.
Psalms 113:9 God helps the woman with no children to have a family and be happy with her kids. Praise God.

Psalms 114:1 When Israel left Egypt, Jacob's family left a nation with a different language.
Psalms 114:2 Judah was his holy place, and Israel was under his rule.
Psalms 114:3 The sea saw it and ran away; the Jordan River turned back.
Psalms 114:4 The mountains jumped like rams, and the small hills like young sheep.
Psalms 114:5 What was wrong with you, O sea, that you ran away? O Jordan, why did you turn back?
Psalms 114:6 You mountains, that jumped like rams; and you small hills, like lambs?
Psalms 114:7 Shake, earth, at the presence of God, at the presence of the God of Jacob.
Psalms 114:8 God turned the rock into a pool of water, the flint into a flowing spring.

Psalms 115:1 Not for us, God, not for us, but for your name give glory, because of your kindness and your truth.
Psalms 115:2 Why should other nations ask, "Where is their God now?"
Psalms 115:3 Our God is in heaven: he does whatever he wants.
Psalms 115:4 Their idols are made of silver and gold; they are made by human hands.
Psalms 115:5 They have mouths but don't speak; they have eyes but don't see.
Psalms 115:6 They have ears but cannot hear, and they have noses but cannot smell.
Psalms 115:7 They have hands but do not touch; they have feet but do not walk; they do not make sounds with their throats.
Psalms 115:8 Those who make idols are like them; so is everyone who trusts in them.
Psalms 115:9 Israel, trust in God: He is their help and shield.
Psalms 115:10 Family of Aaron, trust in God; He is their help and protector.
Psalms 115:11 If you respect God, trust in God: He is their help and protector.
Psalms 115:12 God has remembered us; He will bless us; He will bless Israel's people; He will bless Aaron's family.
Psalms 115:13 God will bless those who respect Him, no matter if they are unimportant or important.
Psalms 115:14 God will make you and your children more and more prosperous.
Psalms 115:15 You are blessed by God who made the sky and the earth.
Psalms 115:16 The skies, and even the highest skies, belong to God; but He has given the earth to people.
Psalms 115:17 Dead people cannot praise God, nor can anyone who goes into the quietness of death.
Psalms 115:18 We will praise God now and forever. Praise God.

Psalms 116:1 I love God, because he has heard my voice and my pleas.
Psalms 116:2 Because he listened to me, I will call on him as long as I live.
Psalms 116:3 Death's sorrows surrounded me, and hell's pains grabbed me: I encountered trouble and sadness.
Psalms 116:4 I called out to God, "Please, God, save me."
Psalms 116:5 God is kind and fair; yes, our God is compassionate.
Psalms 116:6 God protects the uncomplicated; I was down, and he aided me.
Psalms 116:7 Come back to your peace, my soul; because God has been very good to you.
Psalms 116:8 You have saved my life from death, my eyes from crying, and my feet from tripping.
Psalms 116:9 I will live a good life before God among the living.
Psalms 116:10 I believed, so I spoke: I was very troubled.
Psalms 116:11 I quickly said, "Everyone lies."
Psalms 116:12 How can I repay God for all the good things he has done for me?
Psalms 116:13 I will take the cup of rescue and call on the name of God.
Psalms 116:14 I will keep my promises to God now in front of all his people.
Psalms 116:15 God values the death of his faithful ones greatly.
Psalms 116:16 God, truly I am your servant; I am your servant and the son of your female servant: you have set me free from my chains.
Psalms 116:17 I will give you a sacrifice of thanks and call on the name of God.
Psalms 116:18 I will keep my promises to God now in front of all his people.
Psalms 116:19 In the courtyards of God's house, in the center of you, Jerusalem, praise God.

Psalms 117:1 Praise God, all nations; praise Him, all people.
Psalms 117:2 God's loving kindness to us is great, and His truth lasts forever. Praise God.

Psalms 118:1 Give thanks to God; for he is good: his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 118:2 Let Israel say now, God's kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 118:3 Let Aaron's family now say, God's kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 118:4 Let those who respect God say, his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 118:5 I called to God when I was in trouble; God answered me and put me in a spacious place.
Psalms 118:6 God is with me; I will not be afraid: what can anyone do to me?
Psalms 118:7 God supports me along with those who help me; therefore, I will see my wishes fulfilled against those who hate me.
Psalms 118:8 It is better to trust in God than to rely on people.
Psalms 118:9 It is better to trust in God than to rely on leaders.
Psalms 118:10 All countries surrounded me, but with God's help, I will defeat them.
Psalms 118:11 They surrounded me; yes, they surrounded me: but in God's name, I will defeat them.
Psalms 118:12 They surrounded me like bees; they were put out like a thorn fire: because in the name of God I will defeat them.
Psalms 118:13 You pushed me hard to make me fall, but God helped me.
Psalms 118:14 God is my strength and song, and has become my salvation.
Psalms 118:15 People are celebrating and being saved in the homes of the good; God's powerful hand does great things.
Psalms 118:16 God's right hand is lifted high; God's right hand does mighty things.
Psalms 118:17 I will not die, but live, and tell of what God has done.
Psalms 118:18 God has punished me a lot, but he hasn't let me die.
Psalms 118:19 Open the right way for me: I will enter and thank God.
Psalms 118:20 This gate belongs to God, and the good people will go in through it.
Psalms 118:21 I will praise you because you have heard me and have become my salvation.
Psalms 118:22 The stone that the builders rejected has become the most important cornerstone.
Psalms 118:23 This is what God has done; it is wonderful to us.
Psalms 118:24 This is the day that God has made; we will celebrate and be happy in it.
Psalms 118:25 Please save us now, I ask you, God; God, I ask you, bring us success now.
Psalms 118:26 Happy is the one who comes in God's name: we have given you blessings from God's house.
Psalms 118:27 God is Lord, who has given us light; tie the offering with ropes, all the way to the altar's corners.
Psalms 118:28 You are my God, and I will praise you; you are my God, I will lift you up.
Psalms 118:29 Give thanks to God, for he is good; his kindness lasts forever.

Psalms 119:1 Happy are those who are pure in their ways, who follow God's law.
Psalms 119:2 Happy are those who follow his instructions and search for him with all their heart.
Psalms 119:3 They also do nothing wrong: they follow his paths.
Psalms 119:4 You have told us to follow your instructions carefully.
Psalms 119:5 I wish my life was guided to follow your rules!
Psalms 119:6 Then I will not feel ashamed when I follow all your commands.
Psalms 119:7 I will praise you with a true heart as I learn about your fair decisions.
Psalms 119:8 I will follow your laws: Please don't completely abandon me.
Psalms 119:9 How can a young person live a clean life? By following your word.
Psalms 119:10 I have searched for you with all my heart; please don't let me stray from your commands.
Psalms 119:11 I have kept your word in my heart, so I won't sin against you.
Psalms 119:12 You are blessed, God; teach me your rules.
Psalms 119:13 I have spoken of all the decisions that come from your mouth.
Psalms 119:14 I have found joy in following your teachings as much as in great wealth.
Psalms 119:15 I will think about your teachings and pay attention to your paths.
Psalms 119:16 I will enjoy following your laws; I will not forget what you have said.
Psalms 119:17 Be generous to me, your servant, so I may live and follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:18 Help me see, so I can discover amazing things in your teachings.
Psalms 119:19 I am a visitor on Earth; do not hide your commands from me.
Psalms 119:20 My heart is sad because I always greatly desire your rules.
Psalms 119:21 You have scolded the proud who are cursed because they stray from your commands.
Psalms 119:22 Take away my disgrace and scorn, because I have followed your teachings.
Psalms 119:23 Rulers sat and talked about me, but I thought about your laws.
Psalms 119:24 Your teachings bring me joy and guide me.
Psalms 119:25 My heart clings to the ground; give me life as you promised.
Psalms 119:26 I have told you about my life, and you have listened: teach me your rules.
Psalms 119:27 Help me understand your commands, so I can talk about your amazing deeds.
Psalms 119:28 I feel very sad and weak; give me strength, as you have promised.
Psalms 119:29 Take away from me the path of untruthfulness, and kindly give me your teaching.
Psalms 119:30 I have chosen the path of truth; I keep your laws in front of me.
Psalms 119:31 I have followed your teachings closely; God, do not let me be ashamed.
Psalms 119:32 I will follow your commands more freely when you give me a greater understanding.
Psalms 119:33 Teach me, God, the way of your laws; and I will follow it to the end.
Psalms 119:34 Help me understand, so I can follow your rules; indeed, I will follow them with all my heart.
Psalms 119:35 Guide me to follow your commands, because I find joy in them.
Psalms 119:36 Turn my heart toward your teachings and away from greed.
Psalms 119:37 Help me stop looking at worthless things; give me life following your path.
Psalms 119:38 Make your promise to your servant strong, who respects you deeply.
Psalms 119:39 Take away my shame that I am afraid of, because your decisions are good.
Psalms 119:40 Look, I really want to follow your instructions; give me life through your goodness.
Psalms 119:41 Let your kindness and help reach me, God, just as you promised.
Psalms 119:42 Then I can reply to those who insult me, because I rely on your promise.
Psalms 119:43 Don't remove the true word from my mouth; I have put my hope in your decisions.
Psalms 119:44 I will always follow your laws forever and ever.
Psalms 119:45 I will walk freely because I follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:46 I will talk about your commands before rulers and will not feel ashamed.
Psalms 119:47 I will take joy in following your commands, which I love.
Psalms 119:48 I will raise my hands to your commands, which I love, and I will think deeply about your laws.
Psalms 119:49 Remember your promise to me, your servant, which gives me hope.
Psalms 119:50 God's words give me comfort and life when I am suffering.
Psalms 119:51 Arrogant people mock me a lot, but I still follow your rules.
Psalms 119:52 I remembered your old decisions, God, and they gave me comfort.
Psalms 119:53 I am filled with horror because of the evil people who abandon your law.
Psalms 119:54 Your laws have been my songs where I have traveled.
Psalms 119:55 I remember your name, God, at night, and follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:56 I had this because I followed your rules.
Psalms 119:57 You are my share, God; I have promised to follow your words.
Psalms 119:58 I asked for your favor with all my heart: show me mercy as you have promised.
Psalms 119:59 I thought about what I do and decided to follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:60 I hurried and did not delay to follow your commands.
Psalms 119:61 Evil people have robbed me, but I have not forgotten your law.
Psalms 119:62 At midnight I will get up to thank you because of your fair decisions.
Psalms 119:63 I am friends with everyone who respects you and follows your teachings.
Psalms 119:64 The earth, God, is full of your kindness: teach me your rules.
Psalms 119:65 You have treated your servant well, God, just as you promised.
Psalms 119:66 Teach me to make good choices and to understand well, because I trust your commands.
Psalms 119:67 Before I suffered, I did wrong, but now I follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:68 You are good, and you do good; teach me your rules.
Psalms 119:69 Proud people have made up lies about me, but I will follow your rules with all my heart.
Psalms 119:70 Their heart is as thick as fat; but I enjoy your law.
Psalms 119:71 It is good for me that I suffered; so I could learn your laws.
Psalms 119:72 Your rules are more valuable to me than a lot of gold and silver.
Psalms 119:73 Your hands created and shaped me: help me understand, so I can follow your commands.
Psalms 119:74 People who respect you will be happy when they see me; because I have trusted in your promise.
Psalms 119:75 I know, God, that your decisions are right, and you have brought hardship on me because you are faithful.
Psalms 119:76 Please let your kind mercy comfort me, just as you promised your servant.
Psalms 119:77 Let your kind mercy reach me so I can live, for I take joy in your law.
Psalms 119:78 Let the proud feel shame, for they wronged me for no reason; but I will think deeply about your teachings.
Psalms 119:79 Let those who respect you come to me, and those who know your teachings.
Psalms 119:80 Let my heart follow your rules so I won't feel shame.
Psalms 119:81 I am weak with longing for your rescue, but I trust in your promise.
Psalms 119:82 My eyes grow tired looking for your promise, asking, "When will you comfort me?"
Psalms 119:83 I am like a wineskin in the smoke, but I don't forget your laws.
Psalms 119:84 How many days does your servant have? When will you judge those who are persecuting me?
Psalms 119:85 The proud have set traps for me, which do not follow your law.
Psalms 119:86 All your commands are trustworthy; they chase me without cause; help me.
Psalms 119:87 They almost destroyed me on earth; but I did not abandon your rules.
Psalms 119:88 Give me life because of your kindness; then I will follow the guidance from your words.
Psalms 119:89 Your word, God, is forever fixed in heaven.
Psalms 119:90 Your faithfulness reaches every generation: you created the earth, and it stands firm.
Psalms 119:91 They continue today following your laws, for all serve you.
Psalms 119:92 If I had not enjoyed following your law, I would have died in my suffering.
Psalms 119:93 I will always remember your teachings because they have given me life.
Psalms 119:94 I belong to you; save me because I follow your teachings.
Psalms 119:95 Evil people have set traps for me to harm me, but I will focus on following your teachings.
Psalms 119:96 I have seen that everything perfect has limits, but your command is extremely wide-reaching.
Psalms 119:97 I love your law so much! I think about it all day.
Psalms 119:98 Your commands have made me wiser than my enemies because they are always with me.
Psalms 119:99 I understand more than all my teachers because I think deeply about your teachings.
Psalms 119:100 I know more than the old ones because I follow your rules.
Psalms 119:101 I have kept my feet from all bad paths so I can follow your words.
Psalms 119:102 I haven't turned away from your laws because you have taught me.
Psalms 119:103 Your words are so sweet to me, even sweeter than honey in my mouth!
Psalms 119:104 From your instructions, I gain wisdom; so I dislike all wrong paths.
Psalms 119:105 Your words are a lamp for my feet and a light for my path.
Psalms 119:106 I have promised and I will do it, I will follow your fair rules.
Psalms 119:107 I am suffering a lot; revive me, God, according to your promise.
Psalms 119:108 Please accept the gifts I speak freely, God, and teach me your laws.
Psalms 119:109 I am always in danger, but I do not forget your law.
Psalms 119:110 Bad people have set a trap for me, but I did not turn away from your instructions.
Psalms 119:111 I have chosen your teachings as my forever heritage because they make my heart glad.
Psalms 119:112 I have decided in my heart to follow your laws always, until the very end.
Psalms 119:113 I dislike useless thoughts, but I love your law.
Psalms 119:114 You are my hiding place and my shield; I hope in your word.
Psalms 119:115 Go away from me, you who do wrong, because I will follow my God's rules.
Psalms 119:116 Support me as you have promised, so I can live, and do not let me be disappointed in my hope.
Psalms 119:117 Support me, and I will be secure, and I will always follow your rules.
Psalms 119:118 You have stepped on all who wander from your laws because their trickery is a lie.
Psalms 119:119 You remove all the evil people on earth like impurities; that's why I love your teachings.
Psalms 119:120 My body shakes with fear of you; I am scared of your decisions.
Psalms 119:121 I have been fair and just: do not abandon me to those who oppress me.
Psalms 119:122 Promise to protect your servant and don't let the proud harm me.
Psalms 119:123 I can't see waiting for your rescue, and for your true promise.
Psalms 119:124 Treat me, your servant, with kindness, and show me your rules.
Psalms 119:125 I am your servant; help me understand, so I can know your teachings.
Psalms 119:126 It is time for you, God, to act, because they have ignored your law.
Psalms 119:127 So I love your rules more than gold, even the purest gold.
Psalms 119:128 So I consider all your rules about everything to be good; and I dislike every untrue path.
Psalms 119:129 Your teachings are amazing; that's why I follow them.
Psalms 119:130 Your words bring light; they give understanding to the simple.
Psalms 119:131 I opened my mouth and gasped because I desired your commands.
Psalms 119:132 Please look at me and show me kindness, as you usually do for those who love your name.
Psalms 119:133 Guide me by your teachings, and don't let any wrong control me.
Psalms 119:134 Save me from human oppression, and I will follow your rules.
Psalms 119:135 Let your face shine on your servant; and teach me your rules.
Psalms 119:136 Tears flow from my eyes like rivers because people do not follow your law.
Psalms 119:137 You are right, God, and your decisions are fair.
Psalms 119:138 The commands you have given are just and very trustworthy.
Psalms 119:139 My passion has overwhelmed me because my enemies have ignored your words.
Psalms 119:140 Your word is very pure, so your servant loves it.
Psalms 119:141 I am unimportant and not respected, but I still remember your teachings.
Psalms 119:142 Your goodness lasts forever, and your rules are true.
Psalms 119:143 Problems and pain have grabbed me, but I still delight in following your commands.
Psalms 119:144 Your rules are always right: help me understand them so I can live.
Psalms 119:145 I called out with all my heart; hear me, God: I will follow your rules.
Psalms 119:146 I called to you; rescue me, and I will follow your instructions.
Psalms 119:147 I rose before dawn and cried for help; I put my hope in your word.
Psalms 119:148 I stay awake before the night watches begin so I can think about your words.
Psalms 119:149 Listen to my voice because of your kindness: God, give me life according to your decision.
Psalms 119:150 Those who seek trouble are close by; they are far from your laws.
Psalms 119:151 You are close, God, and all your commands are true.
Psalms 119:152 About your instructions, I have long known that you established them forever.
Psalms 119:153 See my suffering and rescue me, because I have not forgotten your law.
Psalms 119:154 Defend my case and save me; give me life as you have promised.
Psalms 119:155 God's rescue is not near the bad people because they do not follow your rules.
Psalms 119:156 Your kindness is great, God; give me life as you have decided.
Psalms 119:157 I have many persecutors and enemies, but I do not turn away from your teachings.
Psalms 119:158 I saw the rule-breakers and was upset because they did not follow your words.
Psalms 119:159 Think about how much I love your rules: give me life, God, because of your kindness.
Psalms 119:160 Your word has been true since the start, and all your fair decisions last forever.
Psalms 119:161 Rulers have attacked me for no reason, but my heart deeply respects your word.
Psalms 119:162 I am happy with your word, like someone who finds a great treasure.
Psalms 119:163 I hate and can't stand lying; but I love your law.
Psalms 119:164 I praise you seven times a day for your fair decisions.
Psalms 119:165 Those who love your teachings have great peace and are not easily upset.
Psalms 119:166 God, I have hoped for your salvation and followed your commands.
Psalms 119:167 My heart follows your teachings; I love them very much.
Psalms 119:168 I have followed your commands and your teachings: because all my paths are known to you.
Psalms 119:169 Hear my cry, God; give me understanding as you have promised.
Psalms 119:170 Hear my plea, God: save me as you have promised.
Psalms 119:171 I will praise you with my lips when you have taught me your laws.
Psalms 119:172 I will talk about your word; all your commands are right.
Psalms 119:173 Help me with your hand; I have chosen your rules.
Psalms 119:174 I have wanted your help, God; and following your rules makes me happy.
Psalms 119:175 Let me live so I can praise you; may your decisions support me.
Psalms 119:176 I have wandered off like a lost sheep; look for me, your servant; because I have not forgotten your commands.

Psalms 120:1 When I was in trouble, I called out to God, and he listened to me.
Psalms 120:2 God, save me from lies and a tricky tongue.
Psalms 120:3 What will you get? What will happen to you, you lying tongue?
Psalms 120:4 Strong arrows of the powerful, with burning coals.
Psalms 120:5 I am sad because I live in Mesech and stay in the tents of Kedar.
Psalms 120:6 My soul has lived a long time with someone who hates peace.
Psalms 120:7 I want peace, but when I talk, they want war.

Psalms 121:1 I will look up to the hills, where my help comes from.
Psalms 121:2 My help comes from God, who made heaven and earth.
Psalms 121:3 God won't let your foot slip; he who watches over you won't fall asleep.
Psalms 121:4 Look, the one who protects Israel will not get sleepy or fall asleep.
Psalms 121:5 God is your protector; God is your shade at your right side.
Psalms 121:6 The sun won't hurt you during the day, nor the moon at night.
Psalms 121:7 God will protect you from all harm; He will keep your life safe.
Psalms 121:8 God will protect you when you leave and when you return, now and always.

Psalms 122:1 I was happy when they told me, "Let's go to God's house."
Psalms 122:2 We will stand inside your gates, Jerusalem.
Psalms 122:3 Jerusalem is built as a city closely united.
Psalms 122:4 The tribes go up, the tribes of God, to show Israel's proof, to thank God's name.
Psalms 122:5 There are thrones set up for judging, the thrones of David's family.
Psalms 122:6 Ask God for peace in Jerusalem: those who love you will do well.
Psalms 122:7 May there be peace inside your walls and wealth within your homes.
Psalms 122:8 For the sake of my friends and companions, I will say, "May peace be in you."
Psalms 122:9 For the sake of God's house, I will work for your benefit.

Psalms 123:1 I look up to you, God in the heavens.
Psalms 123:2 Just like servants watch their masters' hands, and a girl watches her mistress' hand, we watch for God until He shows us kindness.
Psalms 123:3 God, have mercy on us, have mercy on us; we are very much filled with scorn.
Psalms 123:4 Our soul is deeply filled with scorn from those who are at peace and with the contempt of the proud.

Psalms 124:1 If God hadn't been with us, let Israel say so now.
Psalms 124:2 If God had not been with us when people attacked us:
Psalms 124:3 Then they would have swallowed us alive, when their anger flared up against us.
Psalms 124:4 Then the waters would have drowned us, the stream would have swept over us.
Psalms 124:5 Then the high waters would have swept over us.
Psalms 124:6 Praise God, who has not let us become victims to their teeth.
Psalms 124:7 Our soul has escaped like a bird from the hunter's trap; the trap is broken, and we have escaped.
Psalms 124:8 Our help comes from God, who created the sky and the earth.

Psalms 125:1 Those who trust in God will be like Mount Zion, which cannot be moved and stands forever.
Psalms 125:2 God is always around his people like mountains surround Jerusalem.
Psalms 125:3 The wicked's stick won't stay on the good people's land, so the good don't start doing wrong.
Psalms 125:4 God, be kind to those who are good and to those who are honest in their hearts.
Psalms 125:5 Those who choose wrong paths, God will guide with the wrongdoers, but peace will be with Israel.

Psalms 126:1 When God freed the captives of Zion, we were like those who dream.
Psalms 126:2 Our mouths were full of laughter and our tongues sang with joy. Then the nations said, "God has done great things for them."
Psalms 126:3 God has done great things for us; we are happy about it.
Psalms 126:4 Bring us back from being captives, God, like streams in the desert.
Psalms 126:5 Those who plant with tears will harvest with joy.
Psalms 126:6 The one who goes out and cries while carrying valuable seeds will surely come back with joy, bringing his harvest with him.

Psalms 127:1 Unless God builds the house, those who work on it waste their effort; unless God protects the city, the guard stays awake for nothing.
Psalms 127:2 It's useless to wake up early and go to bed late, working hard for a living; God gives rest to those he loves.
Psalms 127:3 Children are a gift from God, and the babies born to us are his reward.
Psalms 127:4 Like arrows in a strong person's hand are the children born in one's youth.
Psalms 127:5 A happy person has many children. They won't be embarrassed but will talk to their enemies confidently.

Psalms 128:1 Happy is everyone who respects God and follows His paths.
Psalms 128:2 You will enjoy the work of your hands: you will be happy, and things will go well for you.
Psalms 128:3 Your wife will be like a vine full of fruit next to your house; your children will be like young olive trees around your table.
Psalms 128:4 See, this is how the man who respects God will be blessed.
Psalms 128:5 God will bless you from Zion; and you will enjoy Jerusalem's goodness all your life.
Psalms 128:6 Yes, you will see your grandchildren, and there will be peace in Israel.

Psalms 129:1 They have troubled me often since I was young, let Israel say now.
Psalms 129:2 They have troubled me often since I was young, but they have not beaten me.
Psalms 129:3 People plowed on my back; they made their cuts long.
Psalms 129:4 God is good: he has broken the ropes of the evil ones.
Psalms 129:5 Let all who hate Zion be confused and driven away.
Psalms 129:6 Let them be like the grass on the rooftops, which dries up before it can grow.
Psalms 129:7 The mower doesn't fill his hand, nor does the one who ties bundles fill his arms.
Psalms 129:8 Those who pass by don't say, "God's blessing be on you; we bless you in God's name."

Psalms 130:1 From the deep places, I have called out to you, God.
Psalms 130:2 God, listen to my voice; pay attention to my pleading.
Psalms 130:3 If you, God, kept a record of sins, who could stand?
Psalms 130:4 You are forgiving, God, so we can respect you.
Psalms 130:5 I wait for God, my soul waits, and I hope in his word.
Psalms 130:6 My soul waits for God more than those who wait for the morning; I say, more than those who wait for the morning.
Psalms 130:7 Let Israel hope in God: for with God there is mercy, and with him is abundant redemption.
Psalms 130:8 He will save Israel from all their sins.

Psalms 131:1 God, my heart is not proud, nor are my eyes lofty. I do not concern myself with great or too difficult things.
Psalms 131:2 I have calmed and quieted myself like a child who no longer drinks milk from its mother; my soul is like that content child.
Psalms 131:3 Let Israel put their hope in God now and forever.

Psalms 132:1 God, remember David and all his hardships.
Psalms 132:2 He promised to God and made a vow to the powerful God of Jacob.
Psalms 132:3 I will not enter my home or go to my bed;
Psalms 132:4 I will not let my eyes sleep or my eyelids close.
Psalms 132:5 Until I find a place for God, a home for the powerful God of Jacob.
Psalms 132:6 We heard about it in Ephratah and found it in the forest fields.
Psalms 132:7 We will enter his tents: we will worship at his footrest.
Psalms 132:8 Get up, God, and go to your resting place; you and the chest that shows your power.
Psalms 132:9 May your priests wear goodness, and may your holy people yell happily.
Psalms 132:10 For your servant David's sake, do not reject your chosen one.
Psalms 132:11 God has truly promised David; he will not break his promise; I will put one of your descendants on your throne.
Psalms 132:12 If your children follow my agreement and the lessons I give them, their children will rule on your throne forever.
Psalms 132:13 God has chosen Zion; he wants it as his home.
Psalms 132:14 This is where I will rest forever; I will live here because I want it.
Psalms 132:15 I will greatly bless her food supply; I will fill her needy with bread.
Psalms 132:16 I will dress her priests in salvation, and her holy people will loudly celebrate with joy.
Psalms 132:17 I will make David's power grow there; I have set up a light for my chosen one.
Psalms 132:18 I will cover his enemies with shame, but his own crown will thrive.

Psalms 133:1 Look, it's good and nice when brothers live together in peace!
Psalms 133:2 It is like fine oil on the head, flowing down onto the beard, even Aaron's beard, reaching down to the collar of his robes.
Psalms 133:3 Like the dew from Mount Hermon or the dew on Zion's hills, there God gives the blessing of eternal life.

Psalms 134:1 Look, praise God, all God's servants who stand at night in God's house.
Psalms 134:2 Raise your hands in the holy place and praise God.
Psalms 134:3 God who made heaven and earth bless you from Zion.

Psalms 135:1 Praise God. Praise the name of God; praise him, all you servants of God.
Psalms 135:2 You who stand in God's house, in the courts of our God's house.
Psalms 135:3 Praise God because God is good. Sing praises to His name because it is nice.
Psalms 135:4 God has chosen Jacob for himself, and Israel as his special treasure.
Psalms 135:5 I know that God is great and that our Lord is greater than all other gods.
Psalms 135:6 Whatever God wanted to do, he did in heaven and on earth, in the seas and in all deep places.
Psalms 135:7 God makes the mist rise from the earth's edges; he creates lightning for the rain; he brings the wind from his storerooms.
Psalms 135:8 Who struck down the firstborn of Egypt, both of humans and animals.
Psalms 135:9 God sent signs and miracles into the middle of Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants.
Psalms 135:10 God defeated large nations and killed powerful kings.
Psalms 135:11 Sihon, the king of the Amorites, Og, the king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan.
Psalms 135:12 God gave their land as a heritage, a heritage to his people Israel.
Psalms 135:13 Your name, O God, lasts forever; and people will remember you, O God, through all generations.
Psalms 135:14 God will judge his people, and he will change his mind about his servants.
Psalms 135:15 The gods of other nations are made of silver and gold and are crafted by human hands.
Psalms 135:16 They have mouths but do not talk; they have eyes but do not see;
Psalms 135:17 They have ears, but they don't hear; they also don't breathe through their mouths.
Psalms 135:18 Those who make idols become like them; so does everyone who trusts in them.
Psalms 135:19 Praise God, O people of Israel; praise God, O family of Aaron.
Psalms 135:20 Praise God, O family of Levi: all who respect God, praise God.
Psalms 135:21 May God, who lives in Jerusalem, be blessed. Praise God.

Psalms 136:1 Give thanks to God, for He is good; His love lasts forever.
Psalms 136:2 Give thanks to the God of all: for his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:3 Give thanks to the God of gods: for his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:4 To the one who alone does great miracles: because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:5 He made the skies using wisdom: His kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:6 To the one who spread the earth over the waters: because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:7 He made the big lights: His kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:8 The sun rules by day: for his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:9 The moon and stars govern the night; God's kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:10 To the one who struck down Egypt's firstborn: because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:11 God led Israel out from among them because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:12 With a powerful hand and an extended arm: because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:13 He split the Red Sea in two: His love lasts forever.
Psalms 136:14 God led Israel through it because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:15 God overthrew Pharaoh and his army in the Red Sea because His kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:16 To the one who guided his people through the desert: because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:17 He struck down mighty kings: for his love lasts forever.
Psalms 136:18 He killed great kings: because His kindness lasts forever:
Psalms 136:19 Give thanks to God for defeating Sihon, king of the Amorites; His kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:20 And Og, the king of Bashan, because God's kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:21 God gave their land as a heritage because his mercy lasts forever.
Psalms 136:22 It's a gift to Israel, his servant, because God's kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:23 God remembered us when we were helpless, because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:24 God has saved us from our enemies because his kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:25 God gives food to all creatures; His kindness lasts forever.
Psalms 136:26 Give thanks to the God of heaven because his kindness lasts forever.

Psalms 137:1 By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat and cried when we thought of Zion.
Psalms 137:2 We hung our harps on the willow trees there.
Psalms 137:3 There, our captors asked us for a song; and our tormentors asked for joy, saying, "Sing us one of the Zion songs."
Psalms 137:4 How can we sing God's song in a foreign place?
Psalms 137:5 If I forget you, Jerusalem, may my right hand lose its skill.
Psalms 137:6 If I don't remember you, may my tongue stick to the top of my mouth; if I don't value Jerusalem more than my greatest happiness.
Psalms 137:7 God, remember the people of Edom and what they did when Jerusalem fell; they said, "Tear it down, tear it down, to its very foundation."
Psalms 137:8 O daughter of Babylon, doomed to destruction; happy will he be who repays you for what you have done to us.
Psalms 137:9 He will be happy who takes your babies and smashes them against the rocks.

Psalms 138:1 I will praise you with all my heart; I will sing praises to you before other gods.
Psalms 138:2 I will worship facing your holy temple and thank your name for your kindness and truth; because you have made your word greater than your name.
Psalms 138:3 On the day I called out, you answered me and made my soul strong.
Psalms 138:4 Every king on earth will praise you, God, when they hear what you say.
Psalms 138:5 Yes, they will sing about God's paths: for God's glory is great.
Psalms 138:6 Even though God is great, he cares for the humble, but he keeps his distance from the proud.
Psalms 138:7 Even when I walk through trouble, you will bring me back to life. You will act against my enemies' anger, and your power will save me.
Psalms 138:8 God will complete what is important to me; Your kindness, God, lasts forever; do not abandon what Your hands have made.

Psalms 139:1 God, you have looked into my heart and know everything about me.
Psalms 139:2 You know when I sit and when I stand, you understand my thoughts from far away.
Psalms 139:3 You surround my path and my rest, and you know all my ways.
Psalms 139:4 God, before I speak, you know all of my words.
Psalms 139:5 You surround me from behind and in front, and place your hand on me.
Psalms 139:6 This knowledge is too amazing for me; it is too much, I can't grasp it.
Psalms 139:7 Where can I go to escape your spirit? Where can I run to hide from you?
Psalms 139:8 If I go up to heaven, you are there; if I lie down in the depths, you are there.
Psalms 139:9 If I fly with the dawn's wings and live at the farthest part of the sea;
Psalms 139:10 Even there, your hand will guide me, and your right hand will hold me.
Psalms 139:11 If I say, "Surely the darkness will hide me," even the night will be bright around me.
Psalms 139:12 Even darkness can't hide from you; night shines like day: darkness and light are the same to you.
Psalms 139:13 You have created my innermost parts; you knit me together in my mother's womb.
Psalms 139:14 I will praise you because I am made in an amazing and wonderful way; your works are marvelous, and I know this very well.
Psalms 139:15 You saw who I really was before I was born; when I was being formed in secret, intricately crafted as if deep within the earth.
Psalms 139:16 Your eyes saw my unfinished body; all my parts were written in your book before any of them existed.
Psalms 139:17 God, your thoughts are so precious to me! There are so many of them!
Psalms 139:18 If I try to count them, they are more than the sand: when I wake up, I am still with you.
Psalms 139:19 You will surely kill the wicked, God; so you violent people, get away from me.
Psalms 139:20 They speak badly about you, God, and your enemies misuse your name.
Psalms 139:21 Don't I hate those who hate you, God? And don't I feel upset with those who oppose you?
Psalms 139:22 I strongly dislike them: I consider them my enemies.
Psalms 139:23 Look inside me, God, and understand my heart: test me, and know what I think.
Psalms 139:24 Check if there's any badness in me, and guide me on the forever path.

Psalms 140:1 Save me, God, from the bad person; protect me from the violent one.
Psalms 140:2 They plan trouble in their hearts; they always meet to fight.
Psalms 140:3 They have made their tongues sharp like a snake's; snake venom is under their lips. Pause and think about this.
Psalms 140:4 God, protect me from the wicked; keep me safe from the violent man who plans to make me fall.
Psalms 140:5 The proud have set a trap for me, and ropes; they have laid a net beside the path; they have placed snares for me. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 140:6 I said to God, "You are my God; listen to my pleas for help, O God."
Psalms 140:7 God, the source of my rescue, you have protected me during battle.
Psalms 140:8 Do not give the wicked what they want, God; do not let their evil plans succeed, so they won't become proud. Pause.
Psalms 140:9 Let the trouble their words cause come back on them.
Psalms 140:10 Let hot coals fall on them; let them be thrown into the fire, into deep holes, so they can't get up again.
Psalms 140:11 Don't let a person who speaks evil be secure on earth: evil will chase the violent man to bring him down.
Psalms 140:12 I know that God will support the cause of the suffering and the rights of the poor.
Psalms 140:13 Truly, good people will thank your name; honest people will live with you.

Psalms 141:1 God, I call to you: hurry to me; listen to my voice when I call to you.
Psalms 141:2 Let my prayer come to you like incense, and the raising of my hands like the evening offering.
Psalms 141:3 God, guard what I say; protect what I speak.
Psalms 141:4 Don't let my heart turn to evil things, to do bad deeds with people who do wrong; and don't let me enjoy their tasty foods.
Psalms 141:5 Let a good person correct me; it will be a kindness. Let them tell me when I’m wrong; it will be like fine oil on my head. And I will still pray for them when they are in trouble.
Psalms 141:6 When their leaders fall on rocky ground, they will listen to my words; for they are pleasant.
Psalms 141:7 Our bones are spread out at the edge of the grave, like wood chopped and split on the ground.
Psalms 141:8 I look to you, God: I trust in you; do not let my soul be left without help.
Psalms 141:9 Protect me from the traps set by others and the tricks of those who do wrong.
Psalms 141:10 Let the wicked get caught in their own traps, while I get away safely.

Psalms 142:1 I called out to God with my voice; with my voice, I asked God for help.
Psalms 142:2 I told God all my problems; I showed Him my troubles.
Psalms 142:3 When I felt very upset, you knew where I was going. People have secretly set a trap for me on the path I took.
Psalms 142:4 I looked to my right and saw no one recognized me; I had nowhere to run; nobody cared about me.
Psalms 142:5 I called to you, God; I said, You are my safe place and my share among those who are alive.
Psalms 142:6 Listen to my cry, for I am very weak; save me from those chasing me, for they are stronger than me.
Psalms 142:7 Free me from my troubles so I can thank you. Good people will surround me because you are good to me.

Psalms 143:1 Listen to my prayer, God, pay attention to my requests: answer me because you are faithful and just.
Psalms 143:2 Do not judge your servant, because no one alive can be seen as good before you.
Psalms 143:3 The enemy has chased my soul; he has struck my life down to the ground; he has forced me to live in darkness, like those long dead.
Psalms 143:4 So my spirit feels crushed inside me; my heart inside me feels empty.
Psalms 143:5 I remember the old days; I think about all you have done; I reflect on what your hands have made.
Psalms 143:6 I reach out to you with my hands: I deeply desire you, like dry ground needs water. Pause and think about that.
Psalms 143:7 Listen to me quickly, God; my spirit is weak. Do not hide from me, or I will be like those who fall into the pit.
Psalms 143:8 Let me hear your kindness in the morning, for I trust in you. Show me the way I should go, because I give my heart to you.
Psalms 143:9 God, save me from my enemies; I run to you for protection.
Psalms 143:10 Show me how to follow your will, because you are my God. Your spirit is kind; guide me to a life of integrity.
Psalms 143:11 God, give me life for the sake of your name; for the sake of your righteousness, rescue my soul from trouble.
Psalms 143:12 In your kindness, get rid of my enemies and wipe out all who trouble me, because I am your servant.

Psalms 144:1 God blesses me with strength, teaches my hands to fight, and my fingers for battle.
Psalms 144:2 My goodness and my protector; my strong tower and my rescuer; my shield and the one I trust; who brings my people under my rule.
Psalms 144:3 God, what is a person that you notice them, or a human being that you care for them?
Psalms 144:4 People are like a breath; their days are like a fleeting shadow.
Psalms 144:5 Bend your heavens, God, and come down; touch the mountains, and they will smoke.
Psalms 144:6 Send out lightning and make them run away; fire your arrows and wipe them out.
Psalms 144:7 Reach down from above; free me and rescue me from deep waters, from the grip of foreigners.
Psalms 144:8 They talk nonsense, and their right hand is used for lying.
Psalms 144:9 I will sing a new song to you, God: on a harp and a ten-stringed instrument I will praise you.
Psalms 144:10 He gives salvation to kings and saves his servant David from the deadly sword.
Psalms 144:11 Save me and rescue me from foreigners whose words are meaningless and whose right hand is dishonest.
Psalms 144:12 Let our sons be like strong, young plants; let our daughters be like elegant pillars shaped to decorate a palace.
Psalms 144:13 Let our barns be full, supplying every kind of provision; let our sheep multiply by thousands and tens of thousands in our fields.
Psalms 144:14 Let our oxen be strong for work; let there be no break-ins or escapes; let there be no complaining in our streets.
Psalms 144:15 Happy are the people who are in such a situation; yes, happy are the people whose God is the Lord.

Psalms 145:1 I will praise you, my God, the king; and I will bless your name always and forever.
Psalms 145:2 I will bless you every day; I will praise your name forever and ever.
Psalms 145:3 God is great and deserves much praise; no one can understand how great he is.
Psalms 145:4 One generation will tell the next about your works and talk about your powerful deeds.
Psalms 145:5 I will talk about the glorious honor of your majesty and your amazing works.
Psalms 145:6 People will talk about how powerful your amazing acts are, and I will tell others about your greatness.
Psalms 145:7 They will speak often of your great kindness and sing about your fairness.
Psalms 145:8 God is kind and caring; patient and very merciful.
Psalms 145:9 God is good to everyone, and his compassion is on all he has made.
Psalms 145:10 Everything you have made will praise you, God; and your holy people will bless you.
Psalms 145:11 They will talk about the greatness of your kingdom and discuss your power.
Psalms 145:12 To show people his powerful works and the splendid beauty of his kingdom.
Psalms 145:13 Your kingdom lasts forever, and your rule continues through all time.
Psalms 145:14 God supports all who fall and lifts up all who are bent over.
Psalms 145:15 Everyone looks to you, and you give them their food at the right time.
Psalms 145:16 You open your hand and satisfy the needs of every living creature.
Psalms 145:17 God is fair in all he does, and good in all his actions.
Psalms 145:18 God is close to everyone who calls on him, to all who call on him honestly.
Psalms 145:19 He will fulfill the wishes of those who respect him; he will listen to their cries and save them.
Psalms 145:20 God protects everyone who loves Him, but He will destroy all the wicked.
Psalms 145:21 I will praise God with my words; may everyone honor his holy name always and forever.

Psalms 146:1 Praise God. Praise God, my soul.
Psalms 146:2 As long as I live, I will praise God: I will sing to my God as long as I exist.
Psalms 146:3 Do not trust in leaders or in any human who cannot save you.
Psalms 146:4 When he stops breathing, he goes back to the ground; on that day his plans end.
Psalms 146:5 The person who has the God of Jacob to help him and who hopes in God is happy.
Psalms 146:6 God made the sky, the land, the sea, and everything in them; God always keeps promises.
Psalms 146:7 God judges for the oppressed and gives food to the hungry. God sets the prisoners free.
Psalms 146:8 God opens the eyes of the blind; God lifts up those who are bent over; God loves the good people.
Psalms 146:9 God protects foreigners; He supports orphans and widows; but He makes the path of the wicked difficult.
Psalms 146:10 God will rule forever, your God, O Zion, for all generations. Praise God.

Psalms 147:1 Praise God: because it is good to sing to our God; it is enjoyable; and praise looks good.
Psalms 147:2 God builds up Jerusalem; he brings together Israel's scattered people.
Psalms 147:3 He heals those with a broken heart, and wraps their wounds.
Psalms 147:4 He counts the number of the stars; he calls each one by its name.
Psalms 147:5 Our God is great and very powerful; his wisdom has no end.
Psalms 147:6 God lifts up the humble; he throws the wicked down to the ground.
Psalms 147:7 Sing to God with thanks; play the harp to praise our God.
Psalms 147:8 God covers the sky with clouds, gets rain ready for the earth, and makes grass grow on the mountains.
Psalms 147:9 He gives food to the animals and feeds the crying young ravens.
Psalms 147:10 God does not enjoy the power of the horse; he does not like the strength of a person's legs.
Psalms 147:11 God finds joy in those who respect him and in those who trust in his kindness.
Psalms 147:12 Praise God, O Jerusalem; praise your God, O Zion.
Psalms 147:13 God has made your city gates strong; He has blessed your children inside your walls.
Psalms 147:14 He brings peace to your land and gives you the best wheat.
Psalms 147:15 He sends out his command to the earth: his message spreads very fast.
Psalms 147:16 He gives snow like wool; he spreads the frost like ashes.
Psalms 147:17 He throws his ice like small pieces: who can withstand his cold?
Psalms 147:18 He sends out his word and melts them; he makes his wind blow, and the waters flow.
Psalms 147:19 He shows his words to Jacob, his laws and decisions to Israel.
Psalms 147:20 God has not treated any other nation like this; they have not understood his laws. Praise God.

Psalms 148:1 Praise God. Praise God from the sky: praise him up high.
Psalms 148:2 Praise him, all his angels; praise him, all his armies.
Psalms 148:3 Praise God, sun and moon; praise Him, all you shining stars.
Psalms 148:4 Praise God, you highest heavens and the waters above the sky.
Psalms 148:5 Let them praise God's name because when he gave the order, they were made.
Psalms 148:6 God has set them up forever; He has given an order that will never end.
Psalms 148:7 Praise God from the earth, you sea creatures, and all ocean depths.
Psalms 148:8 Fire and hail, snow and clouds; stormy wind carrying out God's command:
Psalms 148:9 Mountains and all hills; trees with fruit and all cedars.
Psalms 148:10 Animals, all livestock; creatures that crawl, and birds that fly:
Psalms 148:11 Earth's kings and everyone, leaders and all earth's judges:
Psalms 148:12 Young people and girls; elderly people and children:
Psalms 148:13 Let them praise God's name, for only His name is wonderful; His majesty is higher than earth and heaven.
Psalms 148:14 He also lifts up the strength of his people, the honor of all his holy ones; even the children of Israel, a people close to him. Praise God.

Psalms 149:1 Praise God. Sing to God a new song, and praise Him when the faithful gather together.
Psalms 149:2 Let Israel be happy with their creator; let Zion's children be joyful in their King.
Psalms 149:3 Let them praise his name with dancing and sing to him with tambourine and harp.
Psalms 149:4 God enjoys his people; he will honor the humble with salvation.
Psalms 149:5 Let God's holy people be happy and praise Him; let them sing loudly on their beds.
Psalms 149:6 Let them speak God's high praises and hold a double-edged sword in their hand.
Psalms 149:7 To carry out revenge on the nations and punishment on the peoples.
Psalms 149:8 To tie up their kings with chains, and their leaders with iron shackles.
Psalms 149:9 To carry out the written judgment on them: all God's saints have this honor. Praise God.

Psalms 150:1 Praise God. Praise him in his holy place; praise him in the sky that shows his strength.
Psalms 150:2 Praise God for his powerful deeds; praise him for his great majesty.
Psalms 150:3 Praise God with the trumpet's sound; praise God with the psaltery and harp.
Psalms 150:4 Praise God with drums and dancing; praise God with strings and pipes.
Psalms 150:5 Praise God with loud cymbals; praise God with clashing cymbals.
Psalms 150:6 Let everything that breathes praise God. Praise God.

Proverbs 1:1 These are wise sayings from Solomon, David's son, who was the king of Israel.
Proverbs 1:2 To understand wisdom and teaching; to grasp the meaning of insightful words;
Proverbs 1:3 To learn wisdom, fairness, right decisions, and equality;
Proverbs 1:4 To give cleverness to the simple, to the young person knowledge and good judgment.
Proverbs 1:5 A wise person listens and learns more; someone who understands will find good advice.
Proverbs 1:6 To grasp a wise saying and its meaning, the words of the wise, and their riddles.
Proverbs 1:7 Respecting God is the start of understanding, but fools hate learning and guidance.
Proverbs 1:8 My child, listen to your father's teaching and do not ignore your mother's rules.
Proverbs 1:9 They will be like a beautiful crown on your head and a necklace around your neck.
Proverbs 1:10 My son, if sinners tempt you, do not agree.
Proverbs 1:11 If they say, "Come with us, let's hide and wait to hurt someone innocent for no reason,"
Proverbs 1:12 Let's consume them fully alive as the grave does; completely, like those who descend into the pit.
Proverbs 1:13 We will find valuable treasures; we will fill our homes with loot.
Proverbs 1:14 Join us and share our money.
Proverbs 1:15 My son, do not go along with them; keep your foot from following their path.
Proverbs 1:16 Their feet rush to do bad things, and they hurry to spill blood.
Proverbs 1:17 Surely, setting a net where a bird can see it is useless.
Proverbs 1:18 They set a trap for themselves; they hide and wait to take their own lives.
Proverbs 1:19 Greedy people's ways take life from those they harm.
Proverbs 1:20 Wisdom shouts outside; she raises her voice in the streets:
Proverbs 1:21 She calls out in the busiest places, at the city gates she speaks her words, saying,
Proverbs 1:22 How long will you who are naive love being simple-minded? And how long will mockers enjoy mocking and fools hate understanding?
Proverbs 1:23 Listen to my correction: I will share my spirit with you and teach you my words.
Proverbs 1:24 I called, but you refused; I reached out my hand, but no one paid attention.
Proverbs 1:25 You have ignored all my advice and did not want my correction.
Proverbs 1:26 I will laugh when trouble comes for you; I will make fun when you are afraid.
Proverbs 1:27 When your fear arrives like ruins, and your destruction sweeps in like a storm; when distress and suffering fall upon you.
Proverbs 1:28 They will call for me, but I won't respond; they will look for me, but won't find me.
Proverbs 1:29 They hated knowledge and did not choose to respect God.
Proverbs 1:30 They rejected my advice and ignored all my warnings.
Proverbs 1:31 So they will eat the results of their actions and be full of their own schemes.
Proverbs 1:32 Rejecting knowledge will kill the naive, and the success of fools will ruin them.
Proverbs 1:33 Whoever listens to me will live safely and be at peace, without fear of harm.

Proverbs 2:1 My child, if you accept my words and keep my commands with you;
Proverbs 2:2 Listen closely to wisdom, and focus your mind on understanding.
Proverbs 2:3 Yes, if you call out for knowledge and raise your voice for understanding;
Proverbs 2:4 If you seek wisdom like silver and search for it as for hidden treasures;
Proverbs 2:5 Then you will understand what it means to respect God and you will discover God's knowledge.
Proverbs 2:6 God gives wisdom; from His mouth come knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:7 He saves true wisdom for the good people: he protects those who act honestly.
Proverbs 2:8 He protects the paths of fairness and guards the way of his faithful people.
Proverbs 2:9 Then you will understand what is right, fair, and just—every good way.
Proverbs 2:10 When wisdom comes into your heart, and knowledge is pleasing to your soul;
Proverbs 2:11 Wisdom will protect you, and understanding will guard you.
Proverbs 2:12 To save you from the path of the bad man, from the one who says twisted things.
Proverbs 2:13 They leave the right paths to walk in dark ways.
Proverbs 2:14 They enjoy doing wrong and take pleasure in the twisted ways of the wicked.
Proverbs 2:15 Their ways are dishonest, and they are stubborn in their paths.
Proverbs 2:16 To save you from the foreign woman, from the outsider who seduces with her words;
Proverbs 2:17 She leaves the companion of her youth and forgets the promise of her God.
Proverbs 2:18 Her house leads to death, and her paths go to the dead.
Proverbs 2:19 Everyone who goes to her does not come back, nor do they find the way to life.
Proverbs 2:20 So you can follow the path of good people and stay on the way of those who do right.
Proverbs 2:21 Good people will live in the land, and the blameless will stay in it.
Proverbs 2:22 The evil people will be removed from the earth, and those who break the rules will be completely taken out of it.

Proverbs 3:1 My son, don't forget my teachings; keep my commands in your heart.
Proverbs 3:2 They will add to you many days, a long life, and peace.
Proverbs 3:3 Do not let kindness and honesty leave you; tie them around your neck and write them on your heart.
Proverbs 3:4 You will find favor and good understanding with both God and people.
Proverbs 3:5 Trust God with all your heart; do not rely on your own understanding.
Proverbs 3:6 In everything you do, recognize God, and he will guide your paths.
Proverbs 3:7 Don't think you know everything; respect God, and stay away from bad things.
Proverbs 3:8 It will be good for your body and strength for your bones.
Proverbs 3:9 Honor God with your possessions and with the first part of everything you earn.
Proverbs 3:10 Your storerooms will be filled with lots of food, and your vats will overflow with new wine.
Proverbs 3:11 My son, do not hate God's discipline; do not get tired of his correction.
Proverbs 3:12 God corrects those he loves, just as a father corrects the son he enjoys.
Proverbs 3:13 The person who finds wisdom and gains understanding is happy.
Proverbs 3:14 Its goods are better than silver, and its profits better than gold.
Proverbs 3:15 She is more valuable than rubies; nothing you want can compare to her.
Proverbs 3:16 She offers a long life with her right hand; with her left hand, she brings wealth and respect.
Proverbs 3:17 Her ways are nice, and all her paths bring peace.
Proverbs 3:18 She is like a life-giving tree to those who hold on to her; and everyone who keeps her is happy.
Proverbs 3:19 God used wisdom to create the earth and with understanding set up the heavens.
Proverbs 3:20 With his knowledge, the deep places are split open, and the clouds release the dew.
Proverbs 3:21 My son, always keep wisdom and good judgement in sight.
Proverbs 3:22 They will bring life to you and charm to how you carry yourself.
Proverbs 3:23 You will walk safely on your path, and you will not trip.
Proverbs 3:24 When you lie down, you will not be scared; you will rest, and your sleep will be peaceful.
Proverbs 3:25 Do not be scared of sudden fear, or the destruction of the wicked, when it happens.
Proverbs 3:26 God will be your trust, and will protect you from getting caught in a trap.
Proverbs 3:27 Don't hold back good from those who deserve it when you can do it.
Proverbs 3:28 Don't tell your neighbor, "Go away and come back later, I'll give it to you tomorrow," when you have it with you now.
Proverbs 3:29 Do not plan to harm your neighbor, who lives trustingly near you.
Proverbs 3:30 Do not argue with someone for no reason if they have not harmed you.
Proverbs 3:31 Do not envy the bully, and do not follow any of his ways.
Proverbs 3:32 God hates deceitful people but shares secrets with the good.
Proverbs 3:33 God's curse is on the wicked's house, but he blesses the home of the righteous.
Proverbs 3:34 God mocks the mockers but gives kindness to the humble.
Proverbs 3:35 Smart people will receive honor, but fools will get disgrace.

Proverbs 4:1 Listen, children, to a father's teaching, and pay attention to gain wisdom.
Proverbs 4:2 I give you good teaching, do not abandon my rules.
Proverbs 4:3 I was my father's child, gentle and the only one loved by my mother.
Proverbs 4:4 He also taught me and told me, "Keep my words in your heart: follow my rules, and you will live."
Proverbs 4:5 Gain wisdom, gain insight: don't forget; don't turn away from what I say.
Proverbs 4:6 Do not abandon her, and she will protect you: love her, and she will take care of you.
Proverbs 4:7 Wisdom is the most important; so get wisdom, and with all you have, get understanding.
Proverbs 4:8 Honor her, and she will lift you up; she will give you respect when you hold her tightly.
Proverbs 4:9 She will give you a beautiful crown to make you look good; you will receive a glorious crown from her.
Proverbs 4:10 Listen, my child, and accept what I say; then you will live a long life.
Proverbs 4:11 I have taught you in the way of wisdom; I have guided you on right paths.
Proverbs 4:12 When you go, your steps will not be tight; and when you run, you will not trip.
Proverbs 4:13 Hold on to teaching tightly; don't let it go: protect it, because it is your life.
Proverbs 4:14 Don't follow the path of the wicked or walk in the way of bad people.
Proverbs 4:15 Stay away, do not go near it, turn from it and keep going.
Proverbs 4:16 They can't sleep until they do wrong; they miss sleep if they haven't made someone stumble.
Proverbs 4:17 They eat the food of evil and drink the wine of violence.
Proverbs 4:18 The way of good people is like the sunrise, getting brighter and brighter until full daylight.
Proverbs 4:19 Wicked people live in darkness and don't understand what makes them fall.
Proverbs 4:20 My son, listen to my words; pay attention to what I say.
Proverbs 4:21 Always keep them in your sight; store them deep in your heart.
Proverbs 4:22 They give life to those who find them and health to everyone's body.
Proverbs 4:23 Protect your heart carefully, because from it come the important things in life.
Proverbs 4:24 Stop talking in a twisted way, and keep dishonest words far from you.
Proverbs 4:25 Keep your eyes looking directly forward, and your gaze straight ahead of you.
Proverbs 4:26 Think carefully about where you walk, and make sure all your actions are steady.
Proverbs 4:27 Do not turn right or left: keep away from evil.

Proverbs 5:1 My son, listen to my wisdom, and pay attention to my understanding.
Proverbs 5:2 So you will value good judgment and your words will hold wisdom.
Proverbs 5:3 A strange woman's lips are sweet like honey, and her words are smoother than oil.
Proverbs 5:4 But her end is as bitter as a bitter plant and sharp like a sword with two edges.
Proverbs 5:5 Her feet lead to death; her steps reach hell.
Proverbs 5:6 Be careful thinking about the way of life; its paths are shifting, and you can't fully understand them.
Proverbs 5:7 Listen to me now, children, and do not turn away from what I say.
Proverbs 5:8 Stay far away from her, and don't go near her house door.
Proverbs 5:9 Don't let others take your honor or your life be controlled by the cruel.
Proverbs 5:10 Be careful that outsiders do not take your riches, and that your hard work does not end up in a foreigner's home.
Proverbs 5:11 You will be sad in the end, when your body is wasted away.
Proverbs 5:12 I say, "Why did I hate to be corrected, and why did my heart reject discipline?"
Proverbs 5:13 I did not listen to my teachers or pay attention to those who taught me.
Proverbs 5:14 I was close to being completely evil when I was among the people and the group.
Proverbs 5:15 Drink water from your own tank, and flowing water from your own well.
Proverbs 5:16 Let your springs flow freely, and streams of water fill the streets.
Proverbs 5:17 Keep them for yourself alone, and not for others with you.
Proverbs 5:18 May your source of life be blessed; be happy with the wife you married when you were young.
Proverbs 5:19 Let her be like a caring deer and a delightful doe; let her breasts always satisfy you, and always be captivated by her love.
Proverbs 5:20 Why would you, my son, be enchanted by a woman you don't know and hug someone else's wife?
Proverbs 5:21 God sees all that people do, and he thinks about everywhere they go.
Proverbs 5:22 The wicked person will be caught by their own wrongdoings and held fast by the ropes of their sins.
Proverbs 5:23 He will die for lack of teaching, and because of his great foolishness, he will lose his way.

Proverbs 6:1 My son, if you promise to pay for your friend, if you have shaken hands with a stranger,
Proverbs 6:2 You are trapped by what you said, caught by your own words.
Proverbs 6:3 Do this now, my child, and save yourself, when you are in your friend's power; go, lower yourself, and make peace with your friend.
Proverbs 6:4 Do not let your eyes fall asleep, or your eyelids get drowsy.
Proverbs 6:5 Escape like a deer from the hunter, and like a bird from the person who catches birds.
Proverbs 6:6 Look at the ant, you lazy person; watch how it does things and learn.
Proverbs 6:7 Without a leader, watcher, or ruler,
Proverbs 6:8 She gets her food in the summer and collects her food at harvest time.
Proverbs 6:9 How long will you sleep, you lazy person? When will you get up from your sleep?
Proverbs 6:10 Just a bit more sleep, a bit more rest, a bit more folding of the hands to rest.
Proverbs 6:11 Your poverty will come like a traveler, and your need like an armed person.
Proverbs 6:12 A bad person, an evil man, speaks with a twisted mouth.
Proverbs 6:13 He signals with his eyes, he communicates with his feet, he instructs with his fingers.
Proverbs 6:14 He has evil plans in his heart, he always thinks of harm; he spreads conflict.
Proverbs 6:15 So his trouble will come quickly; he will be quickly destroyed with no cure.
Proverbs 6:16 God hates these six things; indeed, seven are detestable to Him:
Proverbs 6:17 An arrogant stare, a deceitful speech, and hands that harm the innocent,
Proverbs 6:18 A heart that plans evil ideas, feet that quickly run to trouble,
Proverbs 6:19 A person who lies as a witness and someone who causes arguments among brothers.
Proverbs 6:20 My child, follow your father's instruction and do not ignore your mother's teaching.
Proverbs 6:21 Keep them always in your heart, and wrap them around your neck.
Proverbs 6:22 When you go, it will guide you; when you sleep, it will watch over you; and when you wake up, it will speak to you.
Proverbs 6:23 The commandment is a lamp, the law is light, and corrections that teach are the path to life.
Proverbs 6:24 To protect you from a bad woman, from the smooth talk of a stranger.
Proverbs 6:25 Do not desire her beauty in your heart; do not let her capture you with her eyes.
Proverbs 6:26 A loose woman can reduce a man to poverty, and a cheating wife can endanger a valuable life.
Proverbs 6:27 Can someone hold fire close and not burn their clothes?
Proverbs 6:28 Can someone walk on hot coals without burning their feet?
Proverbs 6:29 Anyone who sleeps with his neighbor's wife or touches her will not be innocent.
Proverbs 6:30 People do not hate a thief if he steals to feed himself when he is hungry.
Proverbs 6:31 If he is caught, he must repay seven times what he took; he must give everything he owns.
Proverbs 6:32 Anyone who cheats with a woman is unwise; doing this harms his own life.
Proverbs 6:33 He will get hurt and disgrace, and his shame will never go away.
Proverbs 6:34 Jealousy makes a man very angry, so he won't show mercy when he takes revenge.
Proverbs 6:35 He will not accept a payment; nor will he be satisfied, even if you give many gifts.

Proverbs 7:1 My son, remember my words and keep my instructions close to you.
Proverbs 7:2 Follow my commands and have life; treat my teachings as precious as your own eyes.
Proverbs 7:3 Tie them to your fingers, write them on your heart.
Proverbs 7:4 Tell wisdom, "You are my sister," and consider understanding like a close relative.
Proverbs 7:5 To help you stay away from the foreign woman, the one who uses sweet words to seduce.
Proverbs 7:6 From my house window, I looked out through the frame.
Proverbs 7:7 I saw among the naive, I noticed among the young men, a young man lacking sense.
Proverbs 7:8 Walking down the street near her corner; he took the path to her house.
Proverbs 7:9 In the dim light, in the evening, in the very dark night:
Proverbs 7:10 Look, a woman came to meet him, dressed like a prostitute and with a sneaky heart.
Proverbs 7:11 She is noisy and defiant; she doesn't stay at home.
Proverbs 7:12 She is outside, now in the streets, and hides, waiting at every corner.
Proverbs 7:13 She grabbed him, kissed him, and with a bold face said to him,
Proverbs 7:14 I bring peace offerings; today I have kept my promises.
Proverbs 7:15 So, I came out to meet you, to look for you eagerly, and I found you.
Proverbs 7:16 I have decorated my bed with patterned covers, with artistic designs, with high-quality Egyptian linen.
Proverbs 7:17 I have made my bed smell nice with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.
Proverbs 7:18 Let's enjoy love until morning; let's comfort ourselves with loving.
Proverbs 7:19 The good man is not at home; he has gone on a long trip.
Proverbs 7:20 He has taken a bag of money and will return on the set day.
Proverbs 7:21 With her smooth talk she persuaded him, with her sweet words she led him on.
Proverbs 7:22 He follows her at once, like an ox going to be killed, or like a fool walking into punishment in the stocks.
Proverbs 7:23 Until an arrow pierces his liver; like a bird rushing into a trap, not knowing it will cost its life.
Proverbs 7:24 Listen to me now, children, and pay attention to what I say.
Proverbs 7:25 Do not let your heart turn to her ways; do not wander on her paths.
Proverbs 7:26 She has made many people hurt; even strong men have been killed by her.
Proverbs 7:27 Her house is the path to destruction, leading down to the rooms of death.

Proverbs 8:1 Doesn't wisdom call out? And understanding raise her voice?
Proverbs 8:2 She stands at the top of high places, beside the roads, at the crossroads.
Proverbs 8:3 She calls out at the city gates, where people enter, at the doors.
Proverbs 8:4 I call to you, men; my voice is for all people.
Proverbs 8:5 You simple people, learn to be wise; and you fools, learn to understand.
Proverbs 8:6 Listen, for I will talk about great things; and when I open my lips, I will say what is right.
Proverbs 8:7 I will speak only truth; I hate to say anything wicked.
Proverbs 8:8 Everything I say is right; there's nothing wrong or twisted in my words.
Proverbs 8:9 Everything is clear to someone who understands, and correct for those who gain knowledge.
Proverbs 8:10 Accept my teaching instead of silver, and wisdom rather than the finest gold.
Proverbs 8:11 Wisdom is better than jewels; nothing you want can equal it.
Proverbs 8:12 I, Wisdom, live with good sense, and I discover knowledge of clever designs.
Proverbs 8:13 Being afraid of God means hating evil: I hate pride, arrogance, evil behavior, and lying speech.
Proverbs 8:14 I give advice and true wisdom; I am insight; I have power.
Proverbs 8:15 Through me, kings rule and leaders make fair laws.
Proverbs 8:16 Through me, leaders govern, and nobles, including all the earth's judges.
Proverbs 8:17 I love those who love me; and those who look for me early will find me.
Proverbs 8:18 Wealth and honor are with me; yes, lasting wealth and fairness.
Proverbs 8:19 My fruit is more valuable than gold, even pure gold; and my earnings are better than the best silver.
Proverbs 8:20 I guide on the path of what is right, through the ways of fair decisions.
Proverbs 8:21 I want to help those who love me get wealth, and I will make their treasures full.
Proverbs 8:22 God chose me at the start of His path, before His ancient works.
Proverbs 8:23 I was chosen from forever, from the start, before the earth existed.
Proverbs 8:24 Before the oceans existed, I was born; before there were springs filled with water.
Proverbs 8:25 Before the mountains were in place, before the hills I was born.
Proverbs 8:26 Before God made the earth, the fields, or the highest dust particles of the world.
Proverbs 8:27 When he made the sky, I was there: when he drew a circle on the deep:
Proverbs 8:28 When he made the clouds up high: when he made the deep springs strong:
Proverbs 8:29 When he told the sea its limits, so the waters would not disobey his command, when he set the earth's foundations:
Proverbs 8:30 I was with God, like someone raised with him; I was his joy every day, always happy in his presence.
Proverbs 8:31 I celebrated in the world he made; I enjoyed being with people.
Proverbs 8:32 Listen to me now, children: happy are those who follow my teachings.
Proverbs 8:33 Listen to advice, be smart, and don't ignore it.
Proverbs 8:34 Happy is the person who listens to me, keeping watch at my doors every day, waiting by the doorframes of my house.
Proverbs 8:35 Whoever finds me finds life and will receive favor from God.
Proverbs 8:36 Whoever sins against me hurts their own soul; all who hate me love death.

Proverbs 9:1 Wisdom built her house; she carved out its seven pillars.
Proverbs 9:2 She has killed her animals; she has mixed her wine; she has also set her table.
Proverbs 9:3 She has sent out her servant girls; she calls out from the city's highest spots.
Proverbs 9:4 If you are simple, come this way; anyone lacking understanding, she says to him,
Proverbs 9:5 Come, eat my bread, and drink the wine I have mixed.
Proverbs 9:6 Leave the foolish behind and live; walk on the path of wisdom.
Proverbs 9:7 The person who corrects a mocker invites insult, and the one who tells a wicked person they are wrong risks being shamed.
Proverbs 9:8 Don't correct a mocker, or he will dislike you; advise a wise person, and he will appreciate you.
Proverbs 9:9 Guide a smart person, and they will become smarter; show a fair person, and their knowledge will grow.
Proverbs 9:10 Being in awe of God is the start of wisdom, and knowing what is sacred leads to understanding.
Proverbs 9:11 With my help, your life will last longer, and you'll have more years to live.
Proverbs 9:12 If you are wise, you will benefit yourself: but if you mock, you alone will suffer.
Proverbs 9:13 A silly woman is loud: she is naive, and knows nothing.
Proverbs 9:14 She sits at her house door, on a chair in the city's high spots.
Proverbs 9:15 To invite people who are traveling straight on their paths:
Proverbs 9:16 If you are simple, come here; if you lack understanding, she says to you.
Proverbs 9:17 Taken water tastes good, and hidden bread is nice to eat.
Proverbs 9:18 He doesn't know that the dead are there; her guests are in the depths of the grave.

Proverbs 10:1 Solomon's proverbs. A smart son makes his father happy, but a silly son saddens his mother.
Proverbs 10:2 Money gained by wrongdoings is useless: but being right with God saves from death.
Proverbs 10:3 God will not let good people go hungry; but he will keep the wicked from getting what they want.
Proverbs 10:4 The person who is lazy becomes poor, but the hard worker becomes rich.
Proverbs 10:5 Someone who gathers crops in summer is smart, but someone who sleeps during the harvest brings shame.
Proverbs 10:6 Blessings are on the head of the fair, but the wicked's mouth is covered with violence.
Proverbs 10:7 People remember good people with happiness, but the names of bad people will be forgotten.
Proverbs 10:8 A wise person listens to instructions, but a foolish talker will fail.
Proverbs 10:9 Anyone who lives rightly walks safely; but those who follow crooked paths will be exposed.
Proverbs 10:10 Someone who winks causes trouble, but a talking fool will fail.
Proverbs 10:11 A good person's words give life, but the evil hide behind violent talk.
Proverbs 10:12 Hatred causes fights, but love forgives all wrongs.
Proverbs 10:13 Someone with understanding speaks wise words, but a person without understanding gets punished.
Proverbs 10:14 Wise people save knowledge, but a fool's words lead to trouble.
Proverbs 10:15 A rich person's money is like a protective city; a poor person's ruin is their lack of wealth.
Proverbs 10:16 The work of good people leads to life; the actions of bad people lead to sin.
Proverbs 10:17 Someone who follows advice is on the path to life, but someone who ignores correction goes wrong.
Proverbs 10:18 Someone who hides hate with lies, and someone who spreads false rumors, is foolish.
Proverbs 10:19 When people talk a lot, they often sin. But if someone keeps quiet, they are smart.
Proverbs 10:20 The words of a good person are like valuable silver; a bad person's thoughts have little value.
Proverbs 10:21 The words of good people help many, but fools die because they lack wisdom.
Proverbs 10:22 God's blessing brings wealth, without any sadness added to it.
Proverbs 10:23 A fool enjoys causing trouble, but a wise person has understanding.
Proverbs 10:24 What the wicked fear will happen to them, but what the good people want will be given to them.
Proverbs 10:25 Like a tornado that goes by, the bad person disappears; but the good person stands strong forever.
Proverbs 10:26 Like vinegar hurts teeth and smoke stings the eyes, so a lazy person troubles those who ask for their help.
Proverbs 10:27 Respecting God extends life, but the wicked will have shorter lives.
Proverbs 10:28 Righteous people's hope will bring joy, but the wicked's desires will vanish.
Proverbs 10:29 God's way gives strength to the good, but will destroy those who do wrong.
Proverbs 10:30 Good people will always be safe, but the bad will not stay on earth.
Proverbs 10:31 The just person's mouth speaks wisdom, but the deceitful tongue will be silenced.
Proverbs 10:32 The good person's words are right, but the bad person's words are twisted.

Proverbs 11:1 Using dishonest scales is disgusting to God, but accurate weights make him happy.
Proverbs 11:2 When you are proud, you will be embarrassed, but if you are humble, you will be wise.
Proverbs 11:3 The honesty of good people will lead them, but the dishonesty of the unfaithful will ruin them.
Proverbs 11:4 Money is no help on the day of anger, but doing right saves from death.
Proverbs 11:5 The goodness of a flawless person guides their path, but the evil ones will stumble because of their own evil.
Proverbs 11:6 The goodness of honest people will save them, but wrongdoers will be caught by their own bad actions.
Proverbs 11:7 When a bad person dies, their expectations end; and the hopes of unfair people disappear.
Proverbs 11:8 The good person is saved from trouble, and the bad one takes their place.
Proverbs 11:9 A fake person with their words can hurt others, but the right people will be saved by knowing the truth.
Proverbs 11:10 When things go well for good people, the city is happy; and when bad people die, there are cheers.
Proverbs 11:11 The city flourishes when good people bless it, but it falls apart when evil people talk against it.
Proverbs 11:12 Someone without wisdom looks down on their neighbor, but a person who understands stays calm.
Proverbs 11:13 Someone who gossips tells secrets, but a trustworthy person keeps them hidden.
Proverbs 11:14 Without advice, people fail; with many advisers, they are safe.
Proverbs 11:15 Someone who promises to pay for another will suffer, but whoever refuses to promise will be safe.
Proverbs 11:16 A kind woman keeps respect, and powerful men keep wealth.
Proverbs 11:17 A kind person benefits their own soul, but a cruel one harms themselves.
Proverbs 11:18 Bad people do tricky things, but those who do right will get a real reward.
Proverbs 11:19 Doing right leads to life, but chasing evil leads to death.
Proverbs 11:20 People with twisted hearts are hated by God, but those who follow a straight path bring him joy.
Proverbs 11:21 Even if the wicked join forces, they will not escape punishment, but the descendants of the righteous will be saved.
Proverbs 11:22 Like a gold ring in a pig's nose, so is a beautiful woman who lacks good judgment.
Proverbs 11:23 Righteous people desire only good things, but the wicked expect anger.
Proverbs 11:24 Some give freely and gain more; others keep too much and become poor.
Proverbs 11:25 A generous person will prosper, and whoever refreshes others will be refreshed themselves.
Proverbs 11:26 Someone who keeps corn for himself will be cursed by people, but the one who sells it will be blessed.
Proverbs 11:27 Whoever looks for good finds kindness, but whoever searches for trouble, it will find them.
Proverbs 11:28 Whoever trusts in their wealth will fail, but the good person will thrive like a tree branch.
Proverbs 11:29 Whoever causes trouble in their home will gain nothing, and the foolish person will serve the wise-hearted.
Proverbs 11:30 Righteous people produce life-giving fruit; whoever brings others to the right path is wise.
Proverbs 11:31 Look, good people will be rewarded on earth; even more, so will the bad and the sinful.

Proverbs 12:1 Anyone who loves learning loves knowledge, but someone who hates correction is foolish.
Proverbs 12:2 A good person gains God's favor, but God will condemn a person with evil plans.
Proverbs 12:3 Evil actions won't make a person successful, but good people will remain strong and secure.
Proverbs 12:4 A good woman is her husband's pride, but a woman who brings shame is like decay in his bones.
Proverbs 12:5 Good people think right thoughts, but the advice of the wicked is to lie.
Proverbs 12:6 Wicked people's words are like traps set to hurt others, but honest people will be saved by what they say.
Proverbs 12:7 Evil people are defeated and gone, but the home of the good will last.
Proverbs 12:8 People will praise a man for his wisdom, but someone with a bad heart will be disliked.
Proverbs 12:9 Someone who is looked down on but has a servant is better off than someone who acts important but has no food.
Proverbs 12:10 A good person cares for their animal's life, but even the kindness of a bad person is harsh.
Proverbs 12:11 Whoever works their land will have plenty of food, but whoever chases empty dreams lacks wisdom.
Proverbs 12:12 Bad people want what other bad people have, but good people produce good results.
Proverbs 12:13 Evil people get caught by their own words, but the good get out of trouble.
Proverbs 12:14 A person will be happy with the good things they say, and they will get back what their own work deserves.
Proverbs 12:15 A fool thinks they are always right, but a wise person listens to advice.
Proverbs 12:16 A foolish person quickly shows anger, but a wise person hides embarrassment.
Proverbs 12:17 The person who speaks the truth shows what is right, but a liar tells lies.
Proverbs 12:18 Some people speak sharp words like a sword's stab, but wise people's words bring healing.
Proverbs 12:19 Truthful words will last forever, but lies last only a moment.
Proverbs 12:20 People who plan evil have lies in their hearts, but those who advise peace find joy.
Proverbs 12:21 No harm will come to the good person, but the bad will be filled with trouble.
Proverbs 12:22 God hates lying lips, but loves those who speak the truth.
Proverbs 12:23 A wise person keeps knowledge to themselves, but a fool's heart shouts out silliness.
Proverbs 12:24 Hard workers will be leaders, but lazy people will be servants.
Proverbs 12:25 Sadness in a person's heart weighs them down: but a kind word cheers them up.
Proverbs 12:26 A good person is better than their neighbor, but the wicked are led astray by their own ways.
Proverbs 12:27 The lazy person doesn't cook what they catch hunting, but a hardworking person's wealth is valuable.
Proverbs 12:28 Living right brings life: there is no death on that path.

Proverbs 13:1 A smart son listens to his father's teaching, but someone who mocks does not listen to correction.
Proverbs 13:2 A person will enjoy benefits from the good things they say, but those who break rules will experience harm.
Proverbs 13:3 Someone who controls their words protects their life, but someone who talks too much will find trouble.
Proverbs 13:4 The lazy person wants things but has nothing, while the hardworking person will prosper.
Proverbs 13:5 A good person hates lying, but an evil person is disgusting and will be shamed.
Proverbs 13:6 Goodness protects the honest person, but evil brings down the wrongdoer.
Proverbs 13:7 Some people act rich but have nothing; others act poor but have great wealth.
Proverbs 13:8 A man's wealth is his life's ransom; but the poor do not hear harsh words.
Proverbs 13:9 Good people shine brightly, but the light of the wicked will go out.
Proverbs 13:10 Pride leads to arguments, but wisdom is with those who take good advice.
Proverbs 13:11 Money earned unfairly will decrease, but those who work hard will gain more.
Proverbs 13:12 When you must wait for something you hope for, it makes you feel sad; but when you get what you want, it makes you very happy.
Proverbs 13:13 Anyone who ignores God's word will be destroyed, but the one who respects the command will be rewarded.
Proverbs 13:14 The teachings of the wise are like a fountain of life, helping to avoid death's traps.
Proverbs 13:15 Clear understanding brings approval; but the path of wrongdoers is difficult.
Proverbs 13:16 A wise person acts with understanding, but a fool shows his foolishness.
Proverbs 13:17 A bad messenger gets into trouble, but a reliable envoy brings wellness.
Proverbs 13:18 Being poor and ashamed will happen to someone who ignores teaching, but the one who listens to correction will be respected.
Proverbs 13:19 When you get what you want, it feels good inside, but fools hate to stop doing bad things.
Proverbs 13:20 Someone who spends time with wise people will become wise, but someone who is friends with fools will get into trouble.
Proverbs 13:21 Evil follows those who sin, but good will be given to those who do right.
Proverbs 13:22 A good person leaves wealth for their grandchildren, and a sinner's riches will go to those who are right.
Proverbs 13:23 The poor person's farm has plenty of food, but some is wasted because of bad decisions.
Proverbs 13:24 Someone who doesn't discipline their child dislikes them, but one who loves their child corrects them early on.
Proverbs 13:25 Good people eat and are satisfied, but the wicked will be left wanting.

Proverbs 14:1 A smart woman builds up her home, but a foolish one tears it down by herself.
Proverbs 14:2 Someone who lives rightly respects God, but a person with corrupt ways despises Him.
Proverbs 14:3 Foolish people speak with pride which brings punishment, but wise people's words keep them safe.
Proverbs 14:4 Where there are no oxen, the feeding trough is empty; but a strong ox brings a big harvest.
Proverbs 14:5 A trustworthy person won't lie, but a liar will tell lies.
Proverbs 14:6 Someone who mocks others looks for wisdom but does not find it; yet knowledge comes easily to someone who has understanding.
Proverbs 14:7 Leave the company of a foolish person when you realize they do not speak wise words.
Proverbs 14:8 Smart people know their own path; but foolish people trick others.
Proverbs 14:9 Fools laugh at doing wrong, but God's favor is with the good people.
Proverbs 14:10 The heart understands its own sadness; and an outsider does not share its happiness.
Proverbs 14:11 The wicked person's house will be destroyed, but the good person's home will thrive.
Proverbs 14:12 A path may seem right to a person, but it ends in death.
Proverbs 14:13 Even when laughing, the heart can be sad; and joy can finish with sadness.
Proverbs 14:14 Someone who turns away in heart will have to live with their own choices, and a good person will be content with themselves.
Proverbs 14:15 A naive person believes everything, but a wise one thinks carefully about their steps.
Proverbs 14:16 A wise person respects God and avoids evil, but a fool gets angry and feels sure of himself.
Proverbs 14:17 Someone who gets angry quickly acts foolishly, and a person who plans evil is disliked.
Proverbs 14:18 Simple people gain foolishness, but careful ones are rewarded with knowledge.
Proverbs 14:19 Bad people bow down to good people; and the wicked stand at the doors of those who are right.
Proverbs 14:20 Poor people are disliked even by their neighbors, but rich people have many friends.
Proverbs 14:21 Whoever looks down on their neighbor does wrong, but the one who is kind to the poor is happy.
Proverbs 14:22 Aren't those who plan evil wrong? But kindness and honesty will be for those who plan good.
Proverbs 14:23 In every kind of hard work there is benefit, but just talking leads to poverty.
Proverbs 14:24 Wise people's wealth is their crown, but foolish people's foolishness is just that.
Proverbs 14:25 A truthful person saves lives, but a liar tells lies.
Proverbs 14:26 Respecting God brings true security; his children will have a safe place.
Proverbs 14:27 Being afraid to disobey God is a source of life, helping to avoid deadly traps.
Proverbs 14:28 A king is honored with a lot of people, but a prince will be ruined without them.
Proverbs 14:29 Someone patient in anger has much understanding, but a quick-tempered person shows foolishness.
Proverbs 14:30 A healthy heart is the life of the body, but jealousy is the decay of the bones.
Proverbs 14:31 Whoever mistreats the poor insults God, but the one who respects God is kind to the poor.
Proverbs 14:32 The bad person is pushed away because of his badness: but the good person has hope even when he dies.
Proverbs 14:33 Wisdom stays in the heart of a person with understanding, but a fool's thoughts become known.
Proverbs 14:34 Being good lifts up a country, but sin shames any nation.
Proverbs 14:35 The king likes a smart servant, but he's angry at one who brings disgrace.

Proverbs 15:1 A gentle reply calms anger, but harsh words cause tempers to rise.
Proverbs 15:2 The wise person uses knowledge correctly, but a fool's mouth spills out nonsense.
Proverbs 15:3 God sees everything everywhere, watching both the bad and the good.
Proverbs 15:4 A healthy tongue is like a tree of life, but a twisted tongue can break the spirit.
Proverbs 15:5 A foolish person hates his father's teaching, but someone who listens to correction is wise.
Proverbs 15:6 In the home of the good person, there is a lot of value, but the earnings of the bad person bring problems.
Proverbs 15:7 The wise spread knowledge with their words, but the foolish do not.
Proverbs 15:8 God hates the wicked's offerings, but loves the good person's prayers.
Proverbs 15:9 Evil ways disgust God, but he loves those who seek to do what is right.
Proverbs 15:10 Correction is hard for someone who leaves the right path, and if you hate being corrected, you will die.
Proverbs 15:11 God sees everything in death and destruction, so he surely knows human hearts.
Proverbs 15:12 Someone who mocks others doesn't like being corrected; they won't seek advice from the wise.
Proverbs 15:13 A happy heart makes a smiling face, but a sad heart crushes the spirit.
Proverbs 15:14 A person with understanding seeks knowledge, but fools enjoy saying silly things.
Proverbs 15:15 Every day is bad for the suffering person, but a happy heart always feels like a feast.
Proverbs 15:16 It is better to have a small amount with respect for God than to have a lot of wealth with problems.
Proverbs 15:17 A meal of vegetables with love is better than a big cooked ox with hate.
Proverbs 15:18 An angry person causes fights, but one who is patient calms down arguments.
Proverbs 15:19 The lazy person's path is full of thorns, but the good person's path is smooth.
Proverbs 15:20 A smart son makes his father happy, but a silly man looks down on his mother.
Proverbs 15:21 A foolish person enjoys being unwise, but a smart person acts with integrity.
Proverbs 15:22 Without advice, plans fail; but with many advisers, they succeed.
Proverbs 15:23 A person feels happy with the reply they give; and a timely word, how wonderful it is!
Proverbs 15:24 The path to life leads upward for the wise to keep them from going down to the grave.
Proverbs 15:25 God will destroy the proud person's house, but he will protect the widow's land.
Proverbs 15:26 Wicked people's thoughts disgust God, but pure people's words are nice.
Proverbs 15:27 A person who wants to get rich quick will cause problems for their family, but someone who refuses bribes will have a good life.
Proverbs 15:28 The good person thinks carefully before answering, but the wicked person spills out evil words.
Proverbs 15:29 God is far from the bad people, but he listens to the prayers of the good people.
Proverbs 15:30 Bright eyes make the heart happy, and good news gives the body strength.
Proverbs 15:31 The ear that listens to life's corrections stays with the wise.
Proverbs 15:32 Whoever ignores advice hates themselves, but someone who listens to correction gains understanding.
Proverbs 15:33 Respecting God teaches wisdom; before getting honor, you must be humble.

Proverbs 16:1 A person plans in their heart and speaks with their tongue, but God decides both.
Proverbs 16:2 A person thinks all their ways are right, but God judges their motives.
Proverbs 16:3 Give your work to God, and your plans will succeed.
Proverbs 16:4 God made everything for his own purpose, even the bad people for the day of trouble.
Proverbs 16:5 Everyone with a proud heart is hated by God; even if they unite, they will not avoid punishment.
Proverbs 16:6 Through kindness and honesty, wrong is made right; and by respecting God, people avoid evil.
Proverbs 16:7 When a person's actions please God, even his enemies live peacefully with him.
Proverbs 16:8 It is better to have a little with fairness than to have a lot of money without justice.
Proverbs 16:9 A person plans their path, but God guides their steps.
Proverbs 16:10 A king's words are God's words: he is fair in his decisions.
Proverbs 16:11 A fair scale and balance belong to God: every weight in the bag is made by him.
Proverbs 16:12 Kings hate doing evil: a kingdom is built on fairness.
Proverbs 16:13 Kings enjoy honest words; they value those who speak the truth.
Proverbs 16:14 A king's anger is like a messenger of death, but a wise person can calm it down.
Proverbs 16:15 The king's smiling face brings life; his kindness is like a refreshing rain cloud.
Proverbs 16:16 It is much better to gain wisdom than gold, and gaining understanding is more valuable than getting silver.
Proverbs 16:17 The right path for good people is to avoid evil; those who follow their path protect their life.
Proverbs 16:18 Pride leads to ruin, and arrogance comes before a fall.
Proverbs 16:19 It is better to be humble with the poor than to share the riches with the proud.
Proverbs 16:20 Anyone who deals with a problem wisely will succeed; and a person who trusts in God will be happy.
Proverbs 16:21 Smart people are known for their good judgment, and kind words help others learn.
Proverbs 16:22 Understanding is a source of life to those who have it, but teaching fools is useless.
Proverbs 16:23 A wise person's heart guides their words and gives knowledge to what they say.
Proverbs 16:24 Nice words are like honey, sweet to the heart, and good for the body.
Proverbs 16:25 A path may seem right to someone, but it can end in death.
Proverbs 16:26 The person who works, works for themselves; their own hunger forces them to do it.
Proverbs 16:27 A wicked person stirs up trouble, and their words burn like a fire.
Proverbs 16:28 A stubborn person causes conflict, and a gossip breaks apart close friends.
Proverbs 16:29 A rough person tricks their friend and guides them down a bad path.
Proverbs 16:30 He closes his eyes to plan bad things; when he moves his lips, he causes trouble.
Proverbs 16:31 Grey hair is a mark of honor when it comes from living a good life.
Proverbs 16:32 Someone who stays calm is stronger than a powerful person, and controlling your emotions is better than conquering a city.
Proverbs 16:33 People throw lots to make a decision, but God decides the outcome.

Proverbs 17:1 It is better to have a little with peace than a house full of food with fighting.
Proverbs 17:2 A smart servant will be in charge instead of a son who brings shame, and will share in the family inheritance.
Proverbs 17:3 A melting pot is for silver, and a furnace is for gold, but God tests the heart.
Proverbs 17:4 A bad person listens to lies, and a liar pays attention to hurtful words.
Proverbs 17:5 Anyone who mocks the poor insults God, and those who are happy when others suffer will be punished.
Proverbs 17:6 Grandchildren are a joy to the elderly; and children take pride in their parents.
Proverbs 17:7 Good words are not fitting for a fool; even less are lies suitable for a leader.
Proverbs 17:8 A gift is like a valuable gem to the person who has it: wherever it goes, it succeeds.
Proverbs 17:9 Whoever forgives an offense shows love; but one who keeps talking about the issue pushes friends apart.
Proverbs 17:10 A correction is understood better by a wise person than a hundred beatings are by a fool.
Proverbs 17:11 A bad person looks for trouble, so a harsh messenger will be sent to him.
Proverbs 17:12 It's better to meet a mother bear who has lost her cubs than a fool doing something stupid.
Proverbs 17:13 Anyone who pays back good with evil will always have evil in their home.
Proverbs 17:14 Strife starts like a water leak, so stop arguing before it gets worse.
Proverbs 17:15 Anyone who says the bad person is right, and anyone who says the good person is wrong, both are hated by God.
Proverbs 17:16 Why does a fool have money to buy wisdom when he has no desire for it?
Proverbs 17:17 A friend always loves, and a brother is there for tough times.
Proverbs 17:18 A person without good sense shakes hands in agreement, promising to pay for his friend.
Proverbs 17:19 Someone who loves fighting loves to sin; and one who makes their entrance grand is looking for ruin.
Proverbs 17:20 Someone with a crooked heart finds no good, and a person with a twisted tongue gets into trouble.
Proverbs 17:21 Whoever has a foolish child brings sorrow to themselves; a fool's parent has no happiness.
Proverbs 17:22 A happy heart is good for you like medicine, but a sad spirit dries up the bones.
Proverbs 17:23 A bad person takes a bribe secretly to twist fair decisions.
Proverbs 17:24 The wise person keeps wisdom in view, but a fool's gaze wanders to the ends of the earth.
Proverbs 17:25 A silly son makes his father sad and his mother bitter.
Proverbs 17:26 It is wrong to punish the innocent, and it is not good to hit leaders for doing right.
Proverbs 17:27 Someone with knowledge uses few words: a person with understanding has a calm spirit.
Proverbs 17:28 Even a fool seems wise if they stay silent, and a person who keeps their mouth shut is thought to be smart.

Proverbs 18:1 A person with strong desires sets themselves apart, searches, and gets involved with all kinds of knowledge.
Proverbs 18:2 A fool does not enjoy learning, only showing off their own opinions.
Proverbs 18:3 When evil people come, disrespect also comes, and with it comes shame and blame.
Proverbs 18:4 A person's words are like deep water, and wisdom is like a flowing stream.
Proverbs 18:5 It is not right to favor the wicked or to deny justice to the righteous.
Proverbs 18:6 A foolish person's words lead to arguments, and their mouth invites punishment.
Proverbs 18:7 A foolish person's words cause their ruin, and their lips trap their own life.
Proverbs 18:8 A gossip's words hurt like wounds; they reach deep inside a person.
Proverbs 18:9 The person who is lazy in their work is just like someone who wastes a lot.
Proverbs 18:10 God's name is like a strong tower: the good people run to it and are safe.
Proverbs 18:11 A rich person's money is like a protective city, and in their mind, it's like a tall wall.
Proverbs 18:12 Before ruin, a person's heart is proud, but before getting honor, there must be humility.
Proverbs 18:13 If someone replies to a topic without listening first, it is foolish and embarrassing for them.
Proverbs 18:14 A person's spirit can endure sickness; but who can live with a broken spirit?
Proverbs 18:15 A careful person's heart gains knowledge; a wise person's ear looks for knowledge.
Proverbs 18:16 A person's gift opens the way and brings them to meet important people.
Proverbs 18:17 Someone who speaks first in his argument appears right, until another comes and examines him.
Proverbs 18:18 Drawing lots stops fights and decides between powerful people.
Proverbs 18:19 An upset brother is tougher to win back than a fortified city, and their arguments are as secure as the locks on a fortress.
Proverbs 18:20 A person will be content with what they say; they will get enough from what they speak.
Proverbs 18:21 Life and death lie in what we say: those who enjoy talking will face the results.
Proverbs 18:22 Whoever finds a wife finds something good and gets favor from God.
Proverbs 18:23 The poor beg kindly, but the rich reply harshly.
Proverbs 18:24 A person with friends should act friendly, and some friends are more loyal than a brother.

Proverbs 19:1 It is better to be poor and honest than to be a liar and foolish.
Proverbs 19:2 It's not good for a person to lack knowledge, and those who hurry with their feet do wrong.
Proverbs 19:3 A person's foolishness twists their path, and their heart blames God.
Proverbs 19:4 Having money brings many friends; but being poor pushes people away.
Proverbs 19:5 A liar will be punished, and someone who tells lies will not go free.
Proverbs 19:6 Many will ask a ruler for favors, and everyone is a friend to a person who gives gifts.
Proverbs 19:7 All the poor person's brothers dislike him, and even more, his friends stay away from him. He tries to talk to them, but they are not there for him.
Proverbs 19:8 The person who gains wisdom loves themselves; the one who holds on to understanding will discover what is good.
Proverbs 19:9 Someone who lies as a witness will not go free, and those who tell lies will be destroyed.
Proverbs 19:10 Enjoyment doesn't suit a fool, and it's even worse when a servant becomes the boss of nobles.
Proverbs 19:11 A wise person controls their anger; and their honor is to forgive a wrong.
Proverbs 19:12 A king's anger is like a lion's roar; but his kindness is like morning dew on the grass.
Proverbs 19:13 A foolish son brings trouble to his father; a quarreling wife is like constant dripping.
Proverbs 19:14 Homes and wealth are gifts from parents, but a wise wife comes from God.
Proverbs 19:15 Laziness leads to deep sleep; a person who does not work will go hungry.
Proverbs 19:16 Whoever obeys the command protects their life; but whoever ignores their ways will die.
Proverbs 19:17 Whoever shows kindness to the poor lends to God; and God will repay what they have given.
Proverbs 19:18 Discipline your child while there is still hope, and do not give in because of their tears.
Proverbs 19:19 A person with much anger will face consequences: if you save him, you will have to do it again.
Proverbs 19:20 Listen to advice and accept teaching so you can be wise in the future.
Proverbs 19:21 People have many plans in their heart, but God's advice will last.
Proverbs 19:22 A person's kindness makes them desirable, and someone who is poor is better than one who lies.
Proverbs 19:23 Respecting God leads to life; those who do so will live content and untouched by harm.
Proverbs 19:24 A lazy person hides their hand in their pocket and won't even bring it to their mouth.
Proverbs 19:25 Punish a mocker, and the naive will learn caution; correct a wise person, and they will gain knowledge.
Proverbs 19:26 Someone who uses up his father's resources and drives his mother away brings shame and disgrace as a child.
Proverbs 19:27 Stop listening, my son, to teaching that leads you away from true knowledge.
Proverbs 19:28 A dishonest witness mocks fairness, and the words of the wicked are greedy for evil.
Proverbs 19:29 Punishments are ready for mockers, and beatings for the backs of fools.

Proverbs 20:1 Wine can mock you, strong drink can cause trouble, and anyone fooled by it is not smart.
Proverbs 20:2 Being afraid of a king is like hearing a lion roar: whoever makes him angry harms themselves.
Proverbs 20:3 It is honorable for a person to avoid arguments, but a foolish person keeps interfering.
Proverbs 20:4 The lazy person won't plow because it's cold; so they will have to beg during harvest time and will get nothing.
Proverbs 20:5 Advice in a person's heart is deep; but a wise person can bring it out.
Proverbs 20:6 Many people brag about how good they are, but finding someone faithful is hard.
Proverbs 20:7 A good person lives honestly, and their children are fortunate because of them.
Proverbs 20:8 A king sitting on the judgment throne chases away all evil with his look.
Proverbs 20:9 Who can claim, I have cleaned my heart, I am free from my sin?
Proverbs 20:10 Different weights and different measures, both are hated by God.
Proverbs 20:11 A child's actions show if their behavior is good and if what they do is right.
Proverbs 20:12 God made both the ear that hears and the eye that sees.
Proverbs 20:13 Don't love sleeping too much, or you will become poor; wake up, and you will have enough food to eat.
Proverbs 20:14 It's no good, it's no good, says the buyer; but when he leaves, then he brags.
Proverbs 20:15 There is gold and many rubies, but wise words are a valuable treasure.
Proverbs 20:16 Take his clothes if he promises for a stranger; get a security from him for an unknown woman.
Proverbs 20:17 Food gained by cheating may taste good, but later it will feel like eating rocks.
Proverbs 20:18 Every plan is set by advice: and with wise guidance, you should fight a battle.
Proverbs 20:19 Someone who spreads gossip tells secrets; so don't associate with a person who talks too much.
Proverbs 20:20 Anyone who curses their father or mother will have their light snuffed out in complete darkness.
Proverbs 20:21 Getting an inheritance quickly at first may not lead to a blessing in the end.
Proverbs 20:22 Do not say, "I will pay back evil;" but wait for God, and He will rescue you.
Proverbs 20:23 Different weights that cheat are disgusting to God; a dishonest scale is bad.
Proverbs 20:24 A person's paths are directed by God; so how can a person understand their own way?
Proverbs 20:25 A trap is set for the person who eats sacred things and then asks questions after making promises.
Proverbs 20:26 A wise king spreads out the bad people and rolls justice over them.
Proverbs 20:27 A person's spirit is like God's light, shining deep inside them.
Proverbs 20:28 Kindness and truth protect the king; his rule is supported by kindness.
Proverbs 20:29 Young men are honored for their strength, and older men are respected for their gray hair.
Proverbs 20:30 A bruise cleans out badness: in the same way, punishment cleans the inside of a person.

Proverbs 21:1 The king's mind is under God's control, like water channels; He directs it wherever He chooses.
Proverbs 21:2 Everyone thinks their own way is right, but God knows what's in their hearts.
Proverbs 21:3 God prefers fairness and justice over sacrifices.
Proverbs 21:4 A haughty look, a proud heart, and the evil doings of the wicked are all sinful.
Proverbs 21:5 Careful thinkers plan to be rich; but those who rush can expect to be poor.
Proverbs 21:6 Getting riches by lying is useless and leads to death.
Proverbs 21:7 The stolen goods of bad people will ruin them because they won't act fairly.
Proverbs 21:8 People's ways can be twisted and odd, but those who are pure do what is right.
Proverbs 21:9 It's better to live in a corner of the roof than with a quarrelsome woman in a big house.
Proverbs 21:10 A bad person wants to do wrong, and he doesn't care about his neighbor.
Proverbs 21:11 When the mocker is punished, the naive become smart; and when the smart are taught, they gain knowledge.
Proverbs 21:12 The good person thinks carefully about the home of the bad, but God brings down the bad because of their evil ways.
Proverbs 21:13 Anyone who ignores the cry of the poor will also cry out and not be heard.
Proverbs 21:14 Giving a gift quietly can calm down anger; a hidden bribe can ease great fury.
Proverbs 21:15 Good people find joy in being fair, but those who do wrong will meet with ruin.
Proverbs 21:16 The person who leaves the path of understanding will stay among the dead.
Proverbs 21:17 Someone who loves fun will be poor; a person who loves wine and oil won't get rich.
Proverbs 21:18 Bad people will take the place of good people, and those who do wrong will take the place of the honest.
Proverbs 21:19 It is better to live in the desert than with a quarrelsome and angry woman.
Proverbs 21:20 A wise person has valuable treasure and oil at home; but a foolish person wastes it all.
Proverbs 21:21 Those who pursue what is right and kind find life, goodness, and respect.
Proverbs 21:22 A wise person climbs into a strong city and breaks down the city's strong defenses.
Proverbs 21:23 Whoever controls their speech protects themselves from problems.
Proverbs 21:24 His name is Proud and Arrogant, someone who acts with angry pride.
Proverbs 21:25 The lazy person's wants destroy him, because he won't work with his hands.
Proverbs 21:26 He always wants more all day long, but a good person gives freely without holding back.
Proverbs 21:27 God hates the wicked's offering; it's even worse when they offer it with evil intentions.
Proverbs 21:28 A liar will fail, but a person who listens will always speak the truth.
Proverbs 21:29 A bad person makes their face stubborn, but a good person stays on the right path.
Proverbs 21:30 No wisdom, understanding, or advice can succeed against God.
Proverbs 21:31 People get horses ready for battle day, but God gives safety.

Proverbs 22:1 Having a good reputation is better than having a lot of money, and being liked is better than having silver and gold.
Proverbs 22:2 Rich and poor people come together; God made all of them.
Proverbs 22:3 A wise person sees danger and hides, but the naive keep going and suffer for it.
Proverbs 22:4 By being humble and respecting God come wealth, respect, and life.
Proverbs 22:5 Thorns and traps are in the path of the stubborn; the one who protects their own soul stays away from them.
Proverbs 22:6 Teach a child how to live right, and even when old, they won't stray from it.
Proverbs 22:7 The rich rule the poor, and the borrower becomes the lender's servant.
Proverbs 22:8 The person who does wrong will get useless results; their anger will not succeed.
Proverbs 22:9 The person with a generous eye will be blessed, because he shares his food with the needy.
Proverbs 22:10 Remove the mocker, and fighting will end; yes, conflict and insults will stop.
Proverbs 22:11 Someone who loves a pure heart and speaks kindly will be a friend to the king.
Proverbs 22:12 God's eyes protect knowledge and He overthrows the words of the wrongdoer.
Proverbs 22:13 The lazy person says, "There is a lion outside, I will be killed in the streets."
Proverbs 22:14 The words of unfamiliar women are like a deep hole: a man disliked by God will fall into it.
Proverbs 22:15 A child's heart holds foolishness; but strict discipline removes it far from them.
Proverbs 22:16 Whoever mistreats the poor to get more wealth, and gives to the rich, will definitely become poor.
Proverbs 22:17 Listen closely and hear the wise words, and take my knowledge to heart.
Proverbs 22:18 It is good if you remember these things in your heart; they will be ready on your lips.
Proverbs 22:19 I have told you today so you can trust in God, just you.
Proverbs 22:20 I have written to you excellent things about advice and knowledge.
Proverbs 22:21 I want you to clearly understand the true words so you can give true answers to those who ask you.
Proverbs 22:22 Do not steal from the poor because they are poor, and do not make life hard for those who are suffering at the city gate.
Proverbs 22:23 God will defend their cause and ruin those who have ruined them.
Proverbs 22:24 Do not be friends with someone who is always angry, and do not go with someone who has a bad temper.
Proverbs 22:25 So you won't learn his ways and trap your soul.
Proverbs 22:26 Don't be someone who shakes hands in agreement, or who guarantees to pay someone else's debts.
Proverbs 22:27 If you have nothing to pay, why should he take your bed from under you?
Proverbs 22:28 Do not move the old boundary markers set by your ancestors.
Proverbs 22:29 Do you see a person who works hard in their work? They will be in the presence of rulers; they will not be in the presence of ordinary people.

Proverbs 23:1 When you sit down to eat with a ruler, think carefully about what is in front of you.
Proverbs 23:2 If you love to eat too much, it’s better to put a knife to your own throat.
Proverbs 23:3 Don't want his tasty food; it's tricky to eat.
Proverbs 23:4 Do not work to become rich; stop relying on your own knowledge.
Proverbs 23:5 Will you focus on what is not? For sure, wealth grows wings and flies off like an eagle toward the sky.
Proverbs 23:6 Do not eat the food of someone with a greedy heart, and don't crave their fancy dishes.
Proverbs 23:7 As a person thinks in their heart, so are they: They say to you, "Eat and drink," but their heart is not with you.
Proverbs 23:8 You will throw up the food you ate and waste your nice words.
Proverbs 23:9 Don't talk to a fool; they will scorn the wisdom in what you say.
Proverbs 23:10 Do not move the old boundary stones; and do not go into the fields of orphans.
Proverbs 23:11 Their protector is strong; he will defend their case against you.
Proverbs 23:12 Open your heart to learning, and listen to wise words.
Proverbs 23:13 Do not avoid disciplining the child: if you punish him with a rod, he will not die.
Proverbs 23:14 You should discipline him with a rod, and save his soul from death.
Proverbs 23:15 My son, if your heart is wise, then my heart will be happy, even mine.
Proverbs 23:16 Yes, my heart will be glad when your lips say what is right.
Proverbs 23:17 Do not envy wrongdoers, but always respect God.
Proverbs 23:18 For sure, there is an end; and your hope will not be destroyed.
Proverbs 23:19 Listen, my child, be smart, and lead your heart on the right path.
Proverbs 23:20 Don't hang out with heavy drinkers or those who eat meat to excess.
Proverbs 23:21 Drunk and overeaters will become poor, and being too sleepy will dress a person in rags.
Proverbs 23:22 Listen to your father who gave you life, and do not disrespect your mother when she gets old.
Proverbs 23:23 Buy the truth and do not sell it; also buy wisdom, teaching, and insight.
Proverbs 23:24 The good person's parent will be very happy; and the one who has a wise child will be joyful because of them.
Proverbs 23:25 Your father and your mother will be happy, and the woman who gave birth to you will be joyful.
Proverbs 23:26 My child, give me your heart, and let your eyes watch my ways.
Proverbs 23:27 A prostitute is like a deep hole; and a foreign woman is like a tight trap.
Proverbs 23:28 She waits like a hunter for her target and leads to more people doing wrong.
Proverbs 23:29 Who has sadness? Who has pain? Who has fights? Who has pointless talk? Who has injuries for no reason? Who has red eyes?
Proverbs 23:30 Those who stay long at the wine; those who go to look for mixed wine.
Proverbs 23:31 Don't look at the wine when it's red, when it sparkles in the cup, when it goes down smoothly.
Proverbs 23:32 In the end, it bites like a snake and poisons like a viper.
Proverbs 23:33 You will see strange women, and your heart will say twisted things.
Proverbs 23:34 Yes, you will be like someone lying down in the middle of the sea, or like someone lying on the top of a sail mast.
Proverbs 23:35 You will say, "They hit me, but I wasn't hurt; they beat me, but I didn't feel it. When will I wake up? I will go back to it again."

Proverbs 24:1 Do not be jealous of bad people, nor wish to spend time with them.
Proverbs 24:2 Their heart plans to destroy, and their lips speak of trouble.
Proverbs 24:3 A house is built with wisdom and set up with understanding.
Proverbs 24:4 With knowledge, the rooms will be filled with all valuable and beautiful treasures.
Proverbs 24:5 A smart person is powerful; yes, a person who knows a lot gets even stronger.
Proverbs 24:6 With smart advice, you will plan your battles well; having many advisors brings safety.
Proverbs 24:7 Wisdom is too much for a fool; he doesn't speak in public.
Proverbs 24:8 Anyone who plans to do bad will be known as a troublemaker.
Proverbs 24:9 Thinking foolish thoughts is wrong, and people hate a mocker.
Proverbs 24:10 If you give up when trouble comes, you don't have much strength.
Proverbs 24:11 If you don't save those who are being led to death, and those about to be killed;
Proverbs 24:12 If you say, "We didn't know about it," doesn't God, who knows what's in your heart, see it? And the one who watches over you, doesn't He know it? Won't He repay everyone for what they've done?
Proverbs 24:13 My son, eat honey because it is good; and the honeycomb, which tastes sweet to you.
Proverbs 24:14 Understanding wisdom will be good for you. When you find it, you will be rewarded, and your hopes will not be dashed.
Proverbs 24:15 Don't set a trap, wicked person, at the home of the good person; don't destroy where they rest.
Proverbs 24:16 A good person may fall down seven times but gets up again, while the bad will stumble into trouble.
Proverbs 24:17 Do not be happy when your enemy falls, and do not feel glad when they trip.
Proverbs 24:18 So that God does not see it and get unhappy, causing him to stop being angry with that person.
Proverbs 24:19 Don't worry about bad people, and don't be jealous of the wicked.
Proverbs 24:20 Evil people won't be rewarded; the light of the wicked will be extinguished.
Proverbs 24:21 My son, respect God and the king, and do not associate with those who like to rebel.
Proverbs 24:22 Their disaster will come quickly; and who knows the destruction that will come upon them both?
Proverbs 24:23 Wise people know this too: It is not good to favor some people over others when making a decision.
Proverbs 24:24 Anyone who tells the wicked they are right will be cursed by people and despised by nations.
Proverbs 24:25 Those who correct others will find joy, and blessings will come to them.
Proverbs 24:26 Everyone likes someone who gives the right answer.
Proverbs 24:27 Get your work ready outside, and make it ready for yourself in the field; then build your house.
Proverbs 24:28 Do not accuse your neighbor without reason, and do not lie.
Proverbs 24:29 Do not say, "I will treat him as he treated me; I will give the man what he deserves for what he did."
Proverbs 24:30 I passed by the lazy person's field and the vineyard of someone who lacks sense.
Proverbs 24:31 Look, it was all covered with thorns, and nettles had spread over its surface, and its stone wall was torn down.
Proverbs 24:32 I saw it, thought about it carefully, observed it, and learned a lesson.
Proverbs 24:33 Just a bit more sleep, a bit more rest, a bit more of hugging your arms to sleep.
Proverbs 24:34 Your poverty will come like a traveler; your need like an armed man.

Proverbs 25:1 These are also sayings of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah, king of Judah, wrote down.
Proverbs 25:2 God finds glory in hiding things; a king's honor is to discover them.
Proverbs 25:3 The sky is high, the earth is deep, and a king’s thoughts are hard to understand.
Proverbs 25:4 Remove the impurities from the silver, and a vessel for the silversmith will be made.
Proverbs 25:5 Remove the bad people from the king's presence, and his rule will be secure and good.
Proverbs 25:6 Do not push yourself forward in front of the king, and do not stand where important people are.
Proverbs 25:7 It is better to be invited to come up higher than to be told to move down in front of a leader you have seen.
Proverbs 25:8 Don't rush to argue, or you won't know what to do when your neighbor embarrasses you.
Proverbs 25:9 Talk about your problem with your neighbor directly, and don't tell someone else their secret.
Proverbs 25:10 So the listener won't embarrass you, and your bad reputation won't disappear.
Proverbs 25:11 The right word at the right time is like golden apples in a silver setting.
Proverbs 25:12 Like a gold earring or a fine gold decoration, so is wise advice to someone who listens.
Proverbs 25:13 Like the coolness of snow at harvest time, a trustworthy messenger is to those who send him; he revives the spirits of his employers.
Proverbs 25:14 Anyone who brags about a fake gift is like clouds and wind that bring no rain.
Proverbs 25:15 With patient persistence, a ruler can be convinced, and gentle speech can overcome strong resistance.
Proverbs 25:16 Have you found honey? Eat only as much as you need, so you don't overeat and throw it up.
Proverbs 25:17 Stop visiting your neighbor's house too much, or he will get tired of you and start to dislike you.
Proverbs 25:18 A person who lies about others is as harmful as a club, a sword, or a sharp arrow.
Proverbs 25:19 Trusting someone who is not loyal when there is trouble is like having a broken tooth or a sprained foot.
Proverbs 25:20 Like someone who takes off a coat on a cold day or pours vinegar on soda, is a person who sings songs to a sad heart.
Proverbs 25:21 If your enemy is hungry, give him food; if he is thirsty, give him water.
Proverbs 25:22 You will make him feel guilty, like putting hot coals on his head, and God will reward you.
Proverbs 25:23 The north wind blows rain away; just like an angry look stops mean gossip.
Proverbs 25:24 It's better to live in a small corner on the roof than in a big house with a quarrelsome woman.
Proverbs 25:25 Like cold water to a thirsty person, good news from a far place is so refreshing.
Proverbs 25:26 A good person bending before the bad is like a dirty water source or a spoiled stream.
Proverbs 25:27 Eating too much honey is not good, and seeking your own praise is not really praise.
Proverbs 25:28 A person who can't control their emotions is like a city with broken walls and no defense.

Proverbs 26:1 Like snow in summer and rain during harvest, honor does not suit a fool.
Proverbs 26:2 Just like a bird that wanders or a swallow that flies, a curse without cause won't come.
Proverbs 26:3 A whip for the horse, a harness for the donkey, and a stick for the fool's back.
Proverbs 26:4 Do not answer a fool in the same foolish way, or you will be just like him.
Proverbs 26:5 Reply to a fool as his nonsense deserves, so he doesn't think he's wise.
Proverbs 26:6 Sending a message through a fool is like cutting off your own feet and bringing trouble on yourself.
Proverbs 26:7 A disabled person's legs are not the same; similarly, a wise saying sounds wrong when a foolish person says it.
Proverbs 26:8 Like tying a stone in a sling, so is giving honor to a fool.
Proverbs 26:9 Like a thorn sticks in a drunk person's hand, a wise saying is misunderstood by fools.
Proverbs 26:10 The great God who made everything rewards both the fool and those who do wrong.
Proverbs 26:11 Like a dog that goes back to its vomit, a fool repeats his foolish actions.
Proverbs 26:12 Do you see a person who thinks they are very wise? A fool has more chance of finding wisdom than that person.
Proverbs 26:13 The lazy person says, "There is a lion on the road; a lion is in the streets."
Proverbs 26:14 Just as a door swings on its hinges, a lazy person turns over in bed.
Proverbs 26:15 The lazy person hides his hand in his pocket; it bothers him to lift it to his mouth again.
Proverbs 26:16 The lazy person thinks he is smarter than seven people who give good reasons.
Proverbs 26:17 Someone who interferes in a fight that's not their own is like someone who grabs a dog by its ears.
Proverbs 26:18 Like a crazy person who throws torches, arrows, and death,
Proverbs 26:19 This is like the person who tricks their friend and then says, "I was only joking!"
Proverbs 26:20 When there's no wood, the fire goes out; just as when there's no gossip, arguments stop.
Proverbs 26:21 Just as coals heat coals and wood fuels fire, a quarrelsome person starts arguments.
Proverbs 26:22 A gossip's words hurt like wounds, reaching deep inside a person.
Proverbs 26:23 Hot words and a bad heart are like a broken pot covered with cheap silver.
Proverbs 26:24 The one who hates hides it with his words and keeps lies inside himself.
Proverbs 26:25 When he talks nicely, don't trust him: because his heart hides seven horrible things.
Proverbs 26:26 Who hides hate with lies, their evil will be exposed to everyone.
Proverbs 26:27 Anyone who digs a hole will fall into it; and if someone rolls a stone, it will roll back on them.
Proverbs 26:28 A dishonest speaker dislikes those they hurt; and smooth talk can lead to destruction.

Proverbs 27:1 Don't brag about tomorrow; you don't know what the day will bring.
Proverbs 27:2 Let someone else praise you, not your own mouth; an outsider, not your own lips.
Proverbs 27:3 A rock is heavy, and sand is weighty, but a fool's anger is heavier than both.
Proverbs 27:4 Anger is harsh, and temper is wild, but who can face jealousy?
Proverbs 27:5 Public correction is better than hidden love.
Proverbs 27:6 A friend's wounds can be trusted, but an enemy's kisses are lies.
Proverbs 27:7 A satisfied person despises honey; but to a hungry person, even bitter food is sweet.
Proverbs 27:8 Like a bird that strays from its nest, so is a person who strays from their home.
Proverbs 27:9 Lotion and fragrance make the heart happy, just as a friend's sincere advice is sweet.
Proverbs 27:10 Don't abandon your friend or your father's friend, and don't go to your brother's house when you're in trouble; a close neighbor is better than a distant brother.
Proverbs 27:11 My son, be smart and make me happy, so I can reply to the one who criticizes me.
Proverbs 27:12 A wise person sees trouble ahead and hides; but the foolish keep going and suffer for it.
Proverbs 27:13 Take his coat if he promises to pay for someone he doesn't know, and get something from him to guarantee payment for a woman he's not familiar with.
Proverbs 27:14 If someone blesses their friend with a loud voice early in the morning, it will seem like a curse.
Proverbs 27:15 Constant dripping on a rainy day and a nagging woman are the same.
Proverbs 27:16 Anyone who hides her is like trying to hide the wind, and their actions will reveal themselves, just like the scent of perfume on their hand.
Proverbs 27:17 Iron makes iron sharp; so a person makes their friend's face bright.
Proverbs 27:18 Whoever takes care of the fig tree will eat its fruit; just as someone who serves their master well will be respected.
Proverbs 27:19 Just as water reflects a face back to a face, so one person's heart reflects another person's heart.
Proverbs 27:20 Hell and destruction are never full, just like a person's eyes are never satisfied.
Proverbs 27:21 Just as a pot is for melting silver and a furnace is for purifying gold, so a person is tested by being praised.
Proverbs 27:22 Even if you grind a fool in a bowl with grain using a crushing tool, his foolishness will not leave him.
Proverbs 27:23 Work hard to understand the condition of your sheep, and pay close attention to your cattle.
Proverbs 27:24 Wealth does not last forever: and will a crown be passed down through every generation?
Proverbs 27:25 The hay shows up, the young grass appears, and mountain herbs are collected.
Proverbs 27:26 Use sheep for clothes, and goats to buy a field.
Proverbs 27:27 You will have enough goat's milk for your food, your family's food, and to support your servant girls.

Proverbs 28:1 Bad people run away even when no one chases them, but good people are as brave as a lion.
Proverbs 28:2 When a country sins, it has many rulers, but a wise and knowledgeable man will help it last longer.
Proverbs 28:3 A poor person who mistreats other poor people is like a rainstorm that destroys all the crops.
Proverbs 28:4 Those who ignore God's laws praise the bad people, but those who follow the laws stand against them.
Proverbs 28:5 Bad people do not understand what is right, but those who look for God understand everything.
Proverbs 28:6 It's better to be poor and honest than to be dishonest and rich.
Proverbs 28:7 Whoever follows the law is a wise child, but he who hangs out with wild people brings shame to his parent.
Proverbs 28:8 Whoever makes money through charging too much interest and unfair profit will end up collecting wealth for someone who cares for the poor.
Proverbs 28:9 Whoever ignores the law, even their prayers are detestable.
Proverbs 28:10 Anyone who leads good people to do wrong will fall into their own trap, but the honest will get good things.
Proverbs 28:11 The rich man thinks he is smart, but the poor with insight can see through him.
Proverbs 28:12 When good people are happy, there is great joy; but when bad people gain power, others go into hiding.
Proverbs 28:13 Whoever hides their sins won't succeed, but the one who admits and stops them will receive mercy.
Proverbs 28:14 The person who always respects God is happy, but someone who becomes stubborn will get into trouble.
Proverbs 28:15 Like a loud lion and a wild bear, so is a bad leader to the poor.
Proverbs 28:16 A ruler who lacks understanding is also very harsh, but someone who hates greed will live a long time.
Proverbs 28:17 Anyone who hurts another person must run away to a deep hole; nobody should help him.
Proverbs 28:18 Anyone who lives in a good way will be safe, but someone who chooses to do wrong will suddenly fail.
Proverbs 28:19 The one who works their land will have lots of bread, but the one who chases after worthless people will have plenty of poverty.
Proverbs 28:20 A loyal person will have many blessings, but someone rushing to get rich won't stay guiltless.
Proverbs 28:21 Showing favoritism is wrong: a person might sin just for a small piece of food.
Proverbs 28:22 Someone who rushes to get rich has bad intentions and does not realize that they will become poor.
Proverbs 28:23 Someone who corrects a person will later be appreciated more than someone who uses words to flatter.
Proverbs 28:24 Anyone who steals from their father or mother and says it's not wrong is a friend of someone who destroys.
Proverbs 28:25 A person with a proud heart causes conflict, but one who trusts in God will prosper.
Proverbs 28:26 Anyone who trusts only in themselves is foolish, but someone who acts wisely will be safe.
Proverbs 28:27 Whoever gives to the poor will not be in need, but one who ignores them will face many troubles.
Proverbs 28:28 When bad people gain power, others hide; but when they die, the good grow in number.

Proverbs 29:1 Anyone who keeps making the same mistakes and refuses to accept correction will suddenly be ruined beyond repair.
Proverbs 29:2 When good people lead, everyone is happy; but when bad people rule, everyone is sad.
Proverbs 29:3 Anyone who loves wisdom makes their father happy, but someone who hangs out with prostitutes wastes their money.
Proverbs 29:4 A king makes a country strong by fair judgement, but someone who takes bribes ruins it.
Proverbs 29:5 Someone who praises their neighbor too much is setting a trap for them.
Proverbs 29:6 When a bad person does wrong, they get caught in a trap, but a good person is happy and sings.
Proverbs 29:7 Good people think about the needs of the poor; but bad people don't care to know them.
Proverbs 29:8 Mocking people trap a city, but wise people calm anger.
Proverbs 29:9 If a wise person argues with a foolish one, whether they get angry or laugh, there is no peace.
Proverbs 29:10 Violent people dislike those who are honest, but righteous people care about their well-being.
Proverbs 29:11 A foolish person says everything they think; but a wise person keeps it to themselves for later.
Proverbs 29:12 If a leader listens to lies, all their followers become bad.
Proverbs 29:13 The poor person and the liar come across each other; God gives light to both of their eyes.
Proverbs 29:14 The king who judges the poor fairly, his rule will last forever.
Proverbs 29:15 Discipline and correction lead to wisdom, but a child left alone brings shame to his mother.
Proverbs 29:16 When more wicked people exist, wrongdoing grows, but good people will see them fail.
Proverbs 29:17 Discipline your child, and they will bring you peace; they will bring joy to your heart.
Proverbs 29:18 Where there is no guidance, people fail; but those who follow the rules will be happy.
Proverbs 29:19 A worker won't change just by talking to them; even if they get it, they won't respond.
Proverbs 29:20 Do you see someone who talks without thinking? A fool has more hope than him.
Proverbs 29:21 The one who raises his servant with care from a young age will eventually have him as his own son.
Proverbs 29:22 A mad person causes trouble, and someone very angry commits many sins.
Proverbs 29:23 A person's pride will cause their downfall, but respect will support those who are humble.
Proverbs 29:24 Anyone who partners with a thief hates themselves: they hear cursing but do not report it.
Proverbs 29:25 Being afraid of people can trap you, but trusting in God keeps you safe.
Proverbs 29:26 Many people try to win the leader's approval; but God gives each person's decision.
Proverbs 29:27 A dishonest person disgusts the honest, and someone who lives rightly is hated by the wicked.

Proverbs 30:1 Agur, Jakeh's son, said this prophecy: he told Ithiel, and also Ithiel and Ucal.
Proverbs 30:2 I am surely less wise than anyone, and I lack a man's understanding.
Proverbs 30:3 I have not learned wisdom, nor do I know about the holy.
Proverbs 30:4 Who has gone up to heaven and come down? Who has held the wind in his hands? Who has wrapped up the waters in a cloak? Who has set up all the earth's edges? What's his name, and what's his son's name, if you know it?
Proverbs 30:5 Every word from God is pure; he protects those who trust in him.
Proverbs 30:6 Do not add to his words, or God will correct you, and you will be shown to be a liar.
Proverbs 30:7 I ask you for two things; don't refuse me before I die.
Proverbs 30:8 Keep me away from useless things and dishonesty; don't make me poor or rich; give me just the food I need.
Proverbs 30:9 So I don't become too full, forget you, and ask, "Who is God?" or become poor, steal, and disrespect my God's name.
Proverbs 30:10 Do not blame someone's servant to their boss, or they might curse you and you'll be found at fault.
Proverbs 30:11 A generation curses their father and doesn't bless their mother.
Proverbs 30:12 Some people think they are clean, but they are not free from their dirt.
Proverbs 30:13 A group of people exist who are very proud; they look at others with arrogance.
Proverbs 30:14 Some people are like sword teeth and knife jaws, they eat up the poor and needy from the world and among people.
Proverbs 30:15 The leech has two daughters that cry, "Give, give." There are three things never full, even four that never say, "Enough":
Proverbs 30:16 The grave, the empty womb, the dry earth, and the fire that never says 'Enough.'
Proverbs 30:17 The eye that makes fun of its father, and hates to listen to its mother, the ravens of the valley will pluck it out, and young eagles will eat it.
Proverbs 30:18 There are three things that are amazing to me, yes, four things I don't understand:
Proverbs 30:19 How an eagle flies in the sky; how a snake moves on a rock; how a ship sails in the sea; and how a man acts with a woman.
Proverbs 30:20 This is how an unfaithful woman acts: she eats, cleans her mouth, and says, I've done nothing wrong.
Proverbs 30:21 The earth is troubled by three things, and there are four it can't stand:
Proverbs 30:22 When a servant becomes a leader and a fool gets plenty to eat.
Proverbs 30:23 A disliked woman when she gets married; and a servant girl who inherits from her lady.
Proverbs 30:24 There are four small things on earth, but they are very wise:
Proverbs 30:25 Ants are not strong, yet they gather their food in the summer.
Proverbs 30:26 The rock badgers are weak creatures, yet they make their homes in the rocks.
Proverbs 30:27 The locusts don't have a king, but they all go out in groups.
Proverbs 30:28 The spider uses its hands to make a web and lives in king's homes.
Proverbs 30:29 Three things move gracefully, indeed, four look good as they go:
Proverbs 30:30 A lion, the strongest among animals, doesn't turn away from anything.
Proverbs 30:31 A greyhound; a male goat also; and a king, who cannot be opposed.
Proverbs 30:32 If you acted foolishly by being proud, or if you planned something bad, put your hand over your mouth.
Proverbs 30:33 When you stir milk, you make butter, and when you squeeze a nose, you get blood; so when you force anger, you cause fighting.

Proverbs 31:1 The sayings of King Lemuel, the teaching his mother gave him.
Proverbs 31:2 What should I say, my son? What, child of my body? What, child of my promises?
Proverbs 31:3 Do not give your strength to women, or your paths to what ruins kings.
Proverbs 31:4 Kings should not drink wine, Lemuel, nor should leaders drink strong alcohol.
Proverbs 31:5 They might drink, forget the rules, and twist the justice due to those who are suffering.
Proverbs 31:6 Give hard liquor to someone who is dying, and wine to those who are very sad.
Proverbs 31:7 Let him drink and forget his lack of money, and not recall his troubles anymore.
Proverbs 31:8 Speak up for those who cannot speak, in the defense of all who are headed for ruin.
Proverbs 31:9 Speak up, make fair decisions, and defend the rights of the poor and needy.
Proverbs 31:10 Who can find a good woman? Her value is much higher than jewels.
Proverbs 31:11 Her husband's heart trusts her deeply, so he lacks nothing of value.
Proverbs 31:12 She will treat him well and never badly all her life.
Proverbs 31:13 She looks for wool and flax and works eagerly with her hands.
Proverbs 31:14 She is like the traders' boats; she gets her food from far away.
Proverbs 31:15 She gets up while it's still night, and provides food for her family, and shares with her servant girls.
Proverbs 31:16 She thinks about a field, buys it, and with her own work, she plants a vineyard.
Proverbs 31:17 She wraps her waist with power and makes her arms strong.
Proverbs 31:18 She sees that her goods are valuable; her lamp does not go out at night.
Proverbs 31:19 She puts her hands to the spindle and holds the distaff.
Proverbs 31:20 She extends her hand to the poor; yes, she offers her hands to those in need.
Proverbs 31:21 She is not worried about the cold for her family, because they all wear warm red clothes.
Proverbs 31:22 She makes herself patterned blankets; her clothes are silk and purple.
Proverbs 31:23 Her husband is respected in the community where he meets with the local leaders.
Proverbs 31:24 She makes good linen cloth and sells it; she also delivers belts to the shopkeeper.
Proverbs 31:25 She wears strength and respect; she will be glad in the future.
Proverbs 31:26 She speaks wisely and kindly advice is on her tongue.
Proverbs 31:27 She takes good care of her family and does not waste time doing nothing.
Proverbs 31:28 Her children stand up and call her blessed; her husband too, and he praises her.
Proverbs 31:29 Many women have been good, but you are the best of them all.
Proverbs 31:30 Being liked for charm is misleading, and beauty is shallow: but a woman who respects God will be honored.
Proverbs 31:31 Give her the rewards of her work, and let her actions praise her publicly.

Ecclesiastes 1:1 This is the Preacher's message, David's son and king in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:2 Everything is meaningless, says the Teacher; everything is completely meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 1:3 What good does a person get from all the work they do under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 1:4 One generation goes, and another comes, but the earth lasts forever.
Ecclesiastes 1:5 The sun rises and sets, and quickly goes back to where it rose.
Ecclesiastes 1:6 The wind moves south, then turns north; it goes around and around, and comes back to its paths.
Ecclesiastes 1:7 All rivers flow into the sea, but the sea never fills up. The rivers go back to where they came from and start again.
Ecclesiastes 1:8 Everything is hard work; people can't express it: the eye is never happy with what it sees, nor the ear with what it hears.
Ecclesiastes 1:9 What has happened before will happen again; what has been done before will be done again; there's nothing new under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 1:10 Can we say about anything, "Look, this is new"? It has already existed long ago, before our time.
Ecclesiastes 1:11 People do not remember past things; and those to come will not be remembered by those who follow them.
Ecclesiastes 1:12 I, the Teacher, was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:13 I devoted myself to seek and understand by wisdom everything that happens on earth: this difficult task has been given by God to humanity to work on.
Ecclesiastes 1:14 I have seen everything people do on earth, and truly, everything is pointless and frustrating.
Ecclesiastes 1:15 What is twisted cannot be straightened; what is missing cannot be counted.
Ecclesiastes 1:16 I talked to myself, saying, "Look, I have become very wealthy and have gained more wisdom than anyone before me in Jerusalem; yes, my heart has learned much about wisdom and knowledge."
Ecclesiastes 1:17 I devoted myself to understand wisdom, madness, and foolishness and realized that this too is frustrating.
Ecclesiastes 1:18 With much wisdom comes much sadness; gaining more knowledge leads to more sorrow.

Ecclesiastes 2:1 I told myself, "Come on, let's try pleasure and have fun." But this, too, turned out to be meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 2:2 I said about laughter, "It's crazy," and about joy, "What does it do?"
Ecclesiastes 2:3 I decided to enjoy wine while keeping wise, and to embrace foolishness, until I could understand what is truly good for people to do throughout their lives.
Ecclesiastes 2:4 I made great projects; I built houses for myself; I planted vineyards for myself.
Ecclesiastes 2:5 I created gardens and orchards for myself, and in them I planted all types of fruit trees.
Ecclesiastes 2:6 I made pools of water to water the forest that grows trees.
Ecclesiastes 2:7 I got myself workers and maids, and had workers born in my house; I also had many herds of large and small animals, more than anyone in Jerusalem before me.
Ecclesiastes 2:8 I collected silver and gold for myself, and special treasures from kings and regions. I got male and female singers, and all kinds of musical pleasures that people enjoy.
Ecclesiastes 2:9 I became very great, more than anyone in Jerusalem before me; my wisdom stayed with me.
Ecclesiastes 2:10 Whatever my eyes wanted, I did not keep from them. I did not deny my heart any joy; my heart was happy in all my work, and this was my reward from all my work.
Ecclesiastes 2:11 I looked at everything I had done and all the hard work I had put in, and I saw that it was all pointless and frustrating, and there was no real gain to be had on earth.
Ecclesiastes 2:12 I looked to understand wisdom, madness, and folly: for what can a person do who follows the king? Only what has already been done.
Ecclesiastes 2:13 I saw that wisdom is better than foolishness, just as light is better than darkness.
Ecclesiastes 2:14 A wise person uses their mind, but a fool lives without guidance. I also noticed that the same things happen to everyone.
Ecclesiastes 2:15 I thought to myself, "What happens to fools will happen to me too. So why have I been so wise?" I realized that this is also meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 2:16 People won't remember the wise more than the fool forever; because what exists now will be forgotten in the future. And the wise person dies just like the fool.
Ecclesiastes 2:17 So I disliked life because the work done under the sun troubled me; it all seemed pointless and frustrating.
Ecclesiastes 2:18 Yes, I hated all my hard work under the sun because I must leave it to the person who will come after me.
Ecclesiastes 2:19 Who knows if he will be wise or foolish? Yet he will control all my hard work where I have been wise. This too is pointless.
Ecclesiastes 2:20 So, I lost hope over all the hard work I had done under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 2:21 There is a person who works with wisdom, knowledge, and fairness; but he will leave what he has worked for to another who hasn't worked for it. This too is meaningless and a big problem.
Ecclesiastes 2:22 What does a person gain from all their work and the troubles that make their heart worry, which they experience in their life under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 2:23 Every day is full of sadness and his work brings grief; even at night, his mind finds no rest. This too is meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 2:24 The best thing for a person is to eat, drink, and enjoy good things from their work. I saw that this too comes from God.
Ecclesiastes 2:25 Who can eat or enjoy life more than I?
Ecclesiastes 2:26 God gives a good person wisdom, knowledge, and happiness, but gives a sinner hard work to collect and pile up wealth only to hand it over to the one who pleases God. This too is meaningless and frustrating.

Ecclesiastes 3:1 Everything has its time, and there is a moment for every purpose under heaven.
Ecclesiastes 3:2 A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pull up what is planted.
Ecclesiastes 3:3 A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to tear down, and a time to build up.
Ecclesiastes 3:4 A time to cry, and a time to laugh; a time to grieve, and a time to dance;
Ecclesiastes 3:5 A time to throw away stones, and a time to collect stones; a time to hug, and a time to avoid hugging.
Ecclesiastes 3:6 A time to gain, and a time to give up; a time to save, and a time to throw away;
Ecclesiastes 3:7 A time to tear, and a time to mend; a time to be quiet, and a time to talk;
Ecclesiastes 3:8 A time to love, and a time to hate; a time for war, and a time for peace.
Ecclesiastes 3:9 What does a person gain from their work?
Ecclesiastes 3:10 I have seen the hard work that God has given to people to do.
Ecclesiastes 3:11 God has made everything beautiful in its time. He also placed the world in their hearts, yet no one can fully understand what God does from start to finish.
Ecclesiastes 3:12 I understand that there is no real benefit for people except to be happy and do good during their lives.
Ecclesiastes 3:13 Everyone should eat, drink, and enjoy the results of their work—this is a gift from God.
Ecclesiastes 3:14 I know that whatever God does will last forever. You can't add or take away from it. And God does it so people will respect Him.
Ecclesiastes 3:15 What has happened is happening now; and what will happen has already happened; and God asks for what has occurred.
Ecclesiastes 3:16 I also saw under the sun the place of judgment, where there was evil, and the place of righteousness, where there was wrong.
Ecclesiastes 3:17 I thought to myself, God will judge the good and the bad, because there is a right time for every plan and action.
Ecclesiastes 3:18 I thought to myself about people's lives, that God tests them so they can see that they are like animals.
Ecclesiastes 3:19 What happens to people happens to animals too. They all have the same fate: as one dies, so does the other. They all have the same spirit. People have no advantage over animals, for everything is meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 3:20 Everyone goes to the same place; everyone comes from dust, and everyone will turn to dust again.
Ecclesiastes 3:21 Who knows if the human spirit rises up and the animal spirit goes down into the earth?
Ecclesiastes 3:22 So I see that there is nothing better than for a person to be happy with their own work; that is their reward. Who can show them what will happen after they are gone?

Ecclesiastes 4:1 I went back and saw all the unfair things happening on earth: I saw the tears of the oppressed, with no one to comfort them; the oppressors had the power, but the oppressed had no comforter.
Ecclesiastes 4:2 So I said that those who have already died are happier than those who are still alive.
Ecclesiastes 4:3 Yes, the one who has not yet been born is better off than both of them, for he has not seen the bad things done in the world.
Ecclesiastes 4:4 I saw that all hard work and success in doing good things can make people jealous of their neighbor. This is also meaningless and frustrating.
Ecclesiastes 4:5 The foolish person does nothing and harms themselves.
Ecclesiastes 4:6 It is better to have a little with peace than a lot with hard work and stress.
Ecclesiastes 4:7 Then I came back and saw that everything is pointless under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 4:8 There is only one person, without a companion; they have no children or siblings. Still, their work never ends; they are never happy with their wealth, and never ask, "Who am I working for, and denying myself enjoyment?" This too is meaningless, a miserable task.
Ecclesiastes 4:9 Two are better than one because they get a good return for their work.
Ecclesiastes 4:10 If they fall, one can help the other up, but pity the person who is alone and falls without someone to help them.
Ecclesiastes 4:11 If two people lie together, they keep warm, but how can one stay warm alone?
Ecclesiastes 4:12 If one person can be defeated, two can stand strong against the enemy; a rope made of three strands is not easily snapped.
Ecclesiastes 4:13 A poor and smart child is better than an old and foolish king who won't listen to advice.
Ecclesiastes 4:14 He comes to rule after being in jail; even someone born in his kingdom may become poor.
Ecclesiastes 4:15 I thought about everyone alive who goes about under the sun, along with the next person who will take their place.
Ecclesiastes 4:16 People never stop coming, even those from before. Those who come later won't be happy with this. This too is pointless and frustrating.

Ecclesiastes 5:1 Be careful when you enter God's house, and be eager to listen rather than to offer the foolish sacrifice of those who don't realize they're doing wrong.
Ecclesiastes 5:2 Don't speak without thinking, and don't be quick to say anything before God. God is in heaven and you are on earth, so use only a few words.
Ecclesiastes 5:3 Dreams come with lots of activity, and a fool is recognized by too many words.
Ecclesiastes 5:4 When you make a promise to God, do not delay in fulfilling it; for God does not like fools: fulfill the promise you made.
Ecclesiastes 5:5 It's better not to make a promise than to make one and not keep it.
Ecclesiastes 5:6 Do not let your mouth lead you into sin, and don't tell the messenger it was a mistake. Why should God be angry with your words and ruin what you have done?
Ecclesiastes 5:7 In having many dreams and lots of words, there are also empty things: but respect God.
Ecclesiastes 5:8 If you see the poor being oppressed, and unfairness in law and justice in the land, don't be surprised: because God, who is above the highest authorities, sees everything, and there are powers greater than them.
Ecclesiastes 5:9 The good things the earth gives are for everyone; even the king depends on what the fields produce.
Ecclesiastes 5:10 Whoever loves money will never have enough; loving wealth brings no satisfaction. This is pointless too.
Ecclesiastes 5:11 As wealth grows, so do those who consume it. And what benefit is it to the owners except to look at it with their own eyes?
Ecclesiastes 5:12 A working person sleeps peacefully, whether they eat a little or a lot, but a rich person's wealth keeps them from sleeping well.
Ecclesiastes 5:13 I have seen a terrible problem on Earth: wealth hoarded by its owner to their harm.
Ecclesiastes 5:14 Those riches vanish by bad work: he has a son and has nothing to give him.
Ecclesiastes 5:15 When he was born from his mother, he was naked, and he will go back the same way when he dies, taking nothing of his work with him.
Ecclesiastes 5:16 This is also a terrible wrong: a person leaves the world just as they came into it. So what does someone gain from working for nothing?
Ecclesiastes 5:17 Throughout his life, he eats in the dark, feeling much sadness and anger because of his illness.
Ecclesiastes 5:18 I have seen that it is good and proper for a person to eat, drink, and enjoy the benefits of their work throughout their life under the sun, the life that God has given them, because this is their share.
Ecclesiastes 5:19 Everyone whom God has given wealth and riches, and the ability to enjoy them, to take their share, and to find joy in their work; this is a gift from God.
Ecclesiastes 5:20 He won't think much about his life's days, because God responds to him with joy in his heart.

Ecclesiastes 6:1 I have seen a bad thing everywhere in the world, and it happens often to people.
Ecclesiastes 6:2 A man whom God has given money, possessions, and respect, so he lacks nothing he wants, but if God doesn't let him enjoy these things and a stranger does instead, this is pointless and a terrible sickness.
Ecclesiastes 6:3 If a man has a hundred children and lives a long time, but is not happy or buried when he dies, it is better to be born dead.
Ecclesiastes 6:4 He comes with emptiness, leaves in the dark, and his name will be shrouded in darkness.
Ecclesiastes 6:5 He hasn't seen the sun or learned anything; he has more peace than the other.
Ecclesiastes 6:6 Even if a person lives two thousand years, they still do not experience true happiness. Don't we all end up in the same place after death?
Ecclesiastes 6:7 Everyone works to feed themselves, but no one is ever fully satisfied.
Ecclesiastes 6:8 What advantage does a wise person have over a fool? What does the poor person gain by knowing how to conduct themselves in life?
Ecclesiastes 6:9 Seeing what is in front of you is better than chasing your wishes. This, too, is pointless and frustrating.
Ecclesiastes 6:10 What has happened has already been named, and it is known that it is human; no one can argue with one who is stronger than themselves.
Ecclesiastes 6:11 With so many things that add to emptiness, how is a person improved?
Ecclesiastes 6:12 Who knows what is best for a person in life, during the meaningless days they pass like a shadow? Who can tell anyone what will happen after them under the sun?

Ecclesiastes 7:1 Having a good reputation is better than having expensive perfume, and the day someone dies is better than the day they are born.
Ecclesiastes 7:2 It is better to visit a place where people are sad because of death than a place where people are celebrating. This is because everyone will die someday, and the living should think about this.
Ecclesiastes 7:3 Sadness is better than laughing because a sad face can improve the heart.
Ecclesiastes 7:4 Wise people think about sad times; foolish people think about happy times.
Ecclesiastes 7:5 It is better to listen to the correction from someone smart than to enjoy the music of foolish people.
Ecclesiastes 7:6 Like the noise of thorns burning under a pot, so is a fool's laugh: it's also meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 7:7 Oppression can make a smart person angry; and a bribe can ruin their character.
Ecclesiastes 7:8 The end of something is better than its start, and being patient is better than being proud.
Ecclesiastes 7:9 Don't be quick to get angry, because anger lives in the hearts of fools.
Ecclesiastes 7:10 Do not ask why the old days were better than now; asking this does not show wisdom.
Ecclesiastes 7:11 Having wisdom and an inheritance is good, and it benefits those who live under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 7:12 Wisdom protects us, and so does money, but the best thing about knowledge is that wisdom brings life to those who possess it.
Ecclesiastes 7:13 Think about what God does: who can fix something if God made it bent?
Ecclesiastes 7:14 When times are good, be happy, but when times are bad, think: God has made one as well as the other, so that people can't predict anything about their future.
Ecclesiastes 7:15 In my empty days, I have seen everything: a good person dies despite being good, and a bad person lives long while being bad.
Ecclesiastes 7:16 Don't be too righteous or too wise; why ruin your life?
Ecclesiastes 7:17 Don't be too wicked or foolish; why die before it's your time?
Ecclesiastes 7:18 It is good for you to grasp this and not let go; because one who respects God will succeed in everything.
Ecclesiastes 7:19 Wisdom gives the wise more strength than ten strong men in the city.
Ecclesiastes 7:20 No one on earth is perfect; everyone does some good, but also makes mistakes.
Ecclesiastes 7:21 Don't pay attention to everything people say, or you might hear your servant speaking badly of you.
Ecclesiastes 7:22 Your heart knows that you have also cursed others many times.
Ecclesiastes 7:23 I have tested all these things with wisdom; I thought I could become wise, but it was out of my reach.
Ecclesiastes 7:24 What is far away and very deep, who can discover it?
Ecclesiastes 7:25 I set my heart to understand, to investigate, and to find wisdom and explanations, and to understand foolishness, senselessness, and madness.
Ecclesiastes 7:26 I find a woman whose heart is full of traps and her hands are like chains more bitter than death. Someone who pleases God will avoid her, but a sinner will be caught by her.
Ecclesiastes 7:27 Look, this is what I have discovered, says the teacher, adding one thing to another to find the explanation.
Ecclesiastes 7:28 My soul still searches, but I do not find: I have found one man among a thousand, but not one woman among all.
Ecclesiastes 7:29 Look, I have found only this: God made people good, but they have come up with many schemes.

Ecclesiastes 8:1 Who is as wise as that person? And who understands the meaning of things? A person's wisdom lights up their face, and it softens the hardness of their expression.
Ecclesiastes 8:2 I advise you to obey the king's order, because of your promise to God.
Ecclesiastes 8:3 Don't rush to leave his presence, and don't take part in wrong; for he does whatever he wants.
Ecclesiastes 8:4 Where a king's command is, there is power: and who can ask him, "What are you doing?"
Ecclesiastes 8:5 Anyone who follows the command will not experience anything bad; and a wise person understands the right time and decision.
Ecclesiastes 8:6 Every goal has its right time and way, so people often feel overwhelmed by troubles.
Ecclesiastes 8:7 He does not know what will happen: for who can tell him when it will be?
Ecclesiastes 8:8 No one has power over their spirit to keep it, and no one has control over the day of death. There is no release from that struggle; evil will not save those who are bound to it.
Ecclesiastes 8:9 I have seen all this and given my heart to every deed done under the sun: there is a time when one person rules over another to their harm.
Ecclesiastes 8:10 I saw the bad people buried who went back and forth from the holy place, and they were forgotten in the city where they did these things; this is also meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 8:11 Because punishment for bad actions is not given quickly, people are encouraged to keep doing wrong.
Ecclesiastes 8:12 Even if a sinner does wrong many times and lives a long life, I am sure that things will go well for those who respect God and show their respect for him.
Ecclesiastes 8:13 Things will not go well for the wicked, and he will not live long, like a shadow, because he does not respect God.
Ecclesiastes 8:14 There is a meaningless thing happening on earth: good people get what bad people deserve, and bad people get what good people deserve. I say this is also meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 8:15 I praised fun because the best thing for a person in life is to eat, drink, and enjoy themselves. This happiness will stay with them through their workdays, given by God.
Ecclesiastes 8:16 When I devoted my heart to learn wisdom and to observe the activities done on the earth: (because there are those who do not get sleep day or night:)
Ecclesiastes 8:17 I saw everything God has done, and we can't fully understand all that happens on earth. Even if we work hard to search for it, we won't find it. And even if a wise person thinks they can know it, they won't be able to discover it.

Ecclesiastes 9:1 I thought deeply about all this and decided to explain that the good and wise people, and what they do, are in God's control. No one can understand whether they will experience love or hate based on what they see around them.
Ecclesiastes 9:2 Everything happens to everyone: the same thing happens to good and bad people, to those who are pure and those who are not, to those who offer sacrifices and those who do not. Just as it is with the good person, so it is with the sinner; and it is the same for those who make promises and those who are afraid to.
Ecclesiastes 9:3 This is a bad thing among everything done under the sun: everyone experiences the same fate. Also, people's hearts are full of evil and insanity while they live, and afterward, they die.
Ecclesiastes 9:4 Those who are still alive have hope; a living dog is better than a dead lion.
Ecclesiastes 9:5 People who are alive know they will die, but the dead do not know anything and they no longer get rewards, because they are forgotten.
Ecclesiastes 9:6 Their love, hatred, and jealousy are all gone; they will never again take part in anything that happens on earth.
Ecclesiastes 9:7 Go on your way, enjoy your food, and be happy with your drink; for God accepts what you do now.
Ecclesiastes 9:8 Always wear clean clothes and keep your head oiled.
Ecclesiastes 9:9 Enjoy life with the wife you love all your days, which God has given you under the sun. This is your share in life and in your work while you are here.
Ecclesiastes 9:10 Do whatever your hand finds to do, and do it with all your strength; because there is no work, planning, knowledge, or wisdom in the grave where you are headed.
Ecclesiastes 9:11 I came back and saw that being fast doesn't always win the race, being strong doesn't always win the battle, being wise doesn't always bring food, being smart doesn't always bring wealth, and being skilled doesn't always win favor; but time and chance happen to everyone.
Ecclesiastes 9:12 People don't know when their time will come, like fish caught in a cruel net or birds trapped in a snare; just like that, people are caught by sudden trouble.
Ecclesiastes 9:13 I have also seen this wisdom on earth, and it seemed very important to me:
Ecclesiastes 9:14 There was a small city with few people in it, and a great king attacked it, surrounded it, and built large barriers against it.
Ecclesiastes 9:15 In the city, they found a poor but wise man. He used his wisdom to save the city, but nobody remembered that poor man afterward.
Ecclesiastes 9:16 I said that wisdom is better than strength, but people ignore a poor man's wisdom and don't listen to his words.
Ecclesiastes 9:17 Wise people's words are heard better in silence than a ruler's shout among fools.
Ecclesiastes 9:18 Wisdom is better than tools of war, but one wrongdoer can ruin a lot of good.

Ecclesiastes 10:1 Dead flies make the perfumer's oil give off a bad smell; similarly, a little foolishness can ruin the respect of someone known for wisdom and honor.
Ecclesiastes 10:2 A wise person's heart leads them to do what is right; but a foolish person's heart leads them to do what is wrong.
Ecclesiastes 10:3 Yes, when a fool walks on the road, he lacks wisdom, and he tells everyone that he is a fool.
Ecclesiastes 10:4 If a ruler gets angry with you, don't leave your position; staying calm can resolve major problems.
Ecclesiastes 10:5 I have seen a bad thing under the sun; it is a mistake that comes from the leader.
Ecclesiastes 10:6 Foolishness is honored, and the wealthy take the humble seats.
Ecclesiastes 10:7 I have seen workers on horses and rulers walking like workers on the ground.
Ecclesiastes 10:8 Anyone who digs a pit will fall into it; and whoever breaks through a hedge, a snake will bite him.
Ecclesiastes 10:9 Whoever moves stones may get hurt; and whoever splits wood may be in danger from it.
Ecclesiastes 10:10 If the tool is dull and its sharpness is not honed, then one must use more strength; however, wisdom helps to apply effort effectively.
Ecclesiastes 10:11 For sure, a snake will bite if it's not charmed; a chatterer is no different.
Ecclesiastes 10:12 A wise person's words are kind, but a fool's words will ruin him.
Ecclesiastes 10:13 The first things he says are silly, and his final words are crazy and harmful.
Ecclesiastes 10:14 A fool talks too much and no one knows what will happen. Who can say what will come after him?
Ecclesiastes 10:15 The hard work of foolish people tires them all because they don't know how to get to the city.
Ecclesiastes 10:16 Trouble comes to a country when its leader is immature, and its rulers eat early in the day.
Ecclesiastes 10:17 Happy is the country when its king is from a noble family, and its leaders eat at the right time, for strength, and not to get drunk.
Ecclesiastes 10:18 Because of too much laziness, the building falls apart; and because of not using one's hands, the house leaks.
Ecclesiastes 10:19 A feast is for fun, and wine cheers us up, but money solves all problems.
Ecclesiastes 10:20 Do not curse the king, even to yourself; and do not curse the wealthy in your bedroom: because a bird might spread the news, and a creature with wings might reveal what you said.

Ecclesiastes 11:1 Throw your bread on the water, and you will find it again after a long time.
Ecclesiastes 11:2 Share with seven, or even eight, because you do not know what troubles may come on the earth.
Ecclesiastes 11:3 If clouds are full, they pour rain on the earth. If a tree falls south or north, it stays where it fell.
Ecclesiastes 11:4 If you wait for perfect weather, you won't plant seeds; if you look at the clouds, you won't harvest crops.
Ecclesiastes 11:5 You don't know how the spirit comes to the body, or how a baby's bones grow inside a pregnant woman: just like that, you don't understand how God, who makes everything, works.
Ecclesiastes 11:6 Plant your seeds in the morning, and don't stop working in the evening. You can't tell if one will succeed, the other, or if both will be equally good.
Ecclesiastes 11:7 Surely light is sweet, and it's nice for the eyes to see the sun.
Ecclesiastes 11:8 If a person lives for many years and enjoys them, he should still remember there will be many dark days. Everything that happens is meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 11:9 Be happy, young person, while you are young. Let your heart give you joy in your youth. Follow your heart and what you see with your eyes, but remember that God will judge you for all these things.
Ecclesiastes 11:10 So take away sadness from your heart and stop doing bad things with your body, because being young is not so important.

Ecclesiastes 12:1 Remember your Creator while you are young, before bad days arrive and the years come when you will find no joy in them.
Ecclesiastes 12:2 Before the sun, light, moon, or stars grow dark, and the clouds come back after the rain:
Ecclesiastes 12:3 On the day when the guards of the house shake, the strong people bend, the grinders stop because there are only a few, and the ones looking out the windows can't see clearly.
Ecclesiastes 12:4 The doors on the streets will close when the grinding noise is quiet, someone will wake up at the bird's call, and all the music will fade away.
Ecclesiastes 12:5 People will fear high places and be scared on the road. The almond tree will bloom, the grasshopper will drag, and desire will fade away. This is because everyone dies and people mourn in the streets.
Ecclesiastes 12:6 Before the silver cord snaps, or the gold bowl cracks, or the jug shatters at the spring, or the wheel breaks at the well.
Ecclesiastes 12:7 The dust will go back to the earth where it came from, and the spirit will return to God who gave it.
Ecclesiastes 12:8 Everything is meaningless, says the teacher; all is meaningless.
Ecclesiastes 12:9 The teacher was wise and continued to teach the people knowledge. He paid attention and collected many wise sayings, arranging them well.
Ecclesiastes 12:10 The teacher tried to find pleasing words; what was written was honest and true.
Ecclesiastes 12:11 The wise people's words are like prods, and like nails set down by leaders of groups, given by one God.
Ecclesiastes 12:12 Also, my child, be warned: writing many books has no limit; and studying a lot is tiring for the body.
Ecclesiastes 12:13 Listen to the final point: Respect God and follow his rules, because this is everyone's main job.
Ecclesiastes 12:14 God will judge everything we do, even the things we keep secret, whether they are good or bad.

Song of Solomon 1:1 The best song, which is Solomon's.
Song of Solomon 1:2 Let him kiss me with his mouth's kisses: because your love is better than wine.
Song of Solomon 1:3 Because your perfumes smell so good, your name is like perfume spreading out, so young women love you.
Song of Solomon 1:4 Pull me, and we'll run after you. The king brought me into his rooms. We'll be happy and celebrate in you. We will think about your love more than wine. Good people love you.
Song of Solomon 1:5 I am dark and beautiful, O women of Jerusalem, like the tents of Kedar, like Solomon's drapes.
Song of Solomon 1:6 Do not stare at me because I am dark, for the sun has darkened me. My siblings were mad at me; they made me watch over the vineyards, but I did not take care of my own vineyard.
Song of Solomon 1:7 Tell me, you whom my soul loves, where you feed your flock and where you rest them at noon, for why should I be like one who wanders beside the flocks of your friends?
Song of Solomon 1:8 If you don't know, most beautiful woman, follow the path where the sheep walked, and feed your young goats near the shepherds' tents.
Song of Solomon 1:9 I have compared you, my love, to a group of horses in Pharaoh's chariots.
Song of Solomon 1:10 Your cheeks look lovely with rows of jewels, your neck with gold chains.
Song of Solomon 1:11 We will create gold borders for you with silver dots.
Song of Solomon 1:12 While the king is at his table, my perfume spreads its fragrance.
Song of Solomon 1:13 My loved one is like a bundle of myrrh to me; he will rest between my breasts all night.
Song of Solomon 1:14 My loved one is to me like a bunch of henna flowers in the vineyards of En Gedi.
Song of Solomon 1:15 Look, you are beautiful, my love; look, you are beautiful; your eyes are like doves.
Song of Solomon 1:16 Look, you are beautiful, my loved one, yes, delightful; our bed is also fresh and green.
Song of Solomon 1:17 The support beams of our house are made of cedar, and the beams of our roof are fir.

Song of Solomon 2:1 I am the rose of Sharon and the lily of the valleys.
Song of Solomon 2:2 Like a lily among thorns, so is my loved one among the women.
Song of Solomon 2:3 Just like an apple tree stands out from the forest trees, so my loved one stands out among other men. I enjoyed sitting in his shade, and his fruit tasted sweet to me.
Song of Solomon 2:4 He took me to a feast, and he showed his love for me like a flag.
Song of Solomon 2:5 Support me with raisins, cheer me up with apples; I am overwhelmed with love.
Song of Solomon 2:6 His left hand is under my head, and his right hand hugs me.
Song of Solomon 2:7 I ask you, young women of Jerusalem, by the gazelles and deer of the fields, not to disturb or awaken my love until he wishes.
Song of Solomon 2:8 I hear my loved one's voice! Look, he's coming, jumping over the mountains, hopping on the hills.
Song of Solomon 2:9 My loved one is like a deer or a young stag: look, he stands behind our wall, he looks in at the windows, showing himself through the trellis.
Song of Solomon 2:10 My loved one spoke and said to me, Get up, my love, my beautiful one, and come with me.
Song of Solomon 2:11 The winter is over, the rain has stopped.
Song of Solomon 2:12 Flowers show up on the earth; it's time for birds to sing, and we hear the turtle dove in our land.
Song of Solomon 2:13 The fig tree grows its young figs, and the grapevines with new grapes smell sweet. Get up, my love, my beautiful one, and come with me.
Song of Solomon 2:14 My dove hiding in the rocks and secret stairways, show me your face, let me hear your voice; your voice is sweet, and your face is lovely.
Song of Solomon 2:15 Catch the foxes for us, the small foxes that ruin the vineyards; our vineyards are blooming.
Song of Solomon 2:16 My loved one belongs to me, and I belong to him; he grazes among the flowers.
Song of Solomon 2:17 Wait until the day starts and the shadows vanish, then come back, my loved one, and be like a deer or young stag on the Bether hills.

Song of Solomon 3:1 At night in my bed, I searched for the one my soul loves: I searched for him, but did not find him.
Song of Solomon 3:2 I will get up now and walk through the city, in the streets and squares, looking for the one my heart loves. I looked for him but did not find him.
Song of Solomon 3:3 The guards walking through the city found me. I asked them, "Have you seen the one I love deeply?"
Song of Solomon 3:4 I had just left them when I found the one my heart loves. I held him tightly and wouldn't let go until I brought him to my mother's home, to the room of the one who gave birth to me.
Song of Solomon 3:5 I ask you, women of Jerusalem, by the deer and the wild does, do not disturb or wake my love until he wants to.
Song of Solomon 3:6 Who is this coming from the desert like smoke columns, scented with myrrh and incense, with all the spice seller's powders?
Song of Solomon 3:7 Look at his bed, which belongs to Solomon; sixty brave men surround it, the brave ones of Israel.
Song of Solomon 3:8 They all carry swords, skilled in fighting: each man has his sword on his leg because of fear at night.
Song of Solomon 3:9 King Solomon built himself a carriage from the wood of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 3:10 He made its pillars of silver, its base of gold, its cover of purple, and its middle was decorated with love, for the women of Jerusalem.
Song of Solomon 3:11 Go out, daughters of Zion, and see King Solomon wearing the crown his mother gave him on his wedding day, and on the day he was very happy.

Song of Solomon 4:1 Look, you are beautiful, my love; look, you are beautiful; your eyes are like doves' eyes among your hair: your hair is like a group of goats seen on Mount Gilead.
Song of Solomon 4:2 Your teeth are like a group of sheep with even cuts, freshly washed, where each has a twin, and none is without offspring.
Song of Solomon 4:3 Your lips are like a red ribbon, and your words are lovely. Your cheeks are like pieces of pomegranate behind your hair.
Song of Solomon 4:4 Your neck is like a strong tower built to hold weapons, with a thousand shields hanging on it, all belonging to strong warriors.
Song of Solomon 4:5 Your two breasts are like two young deer that are twins, which browse among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 4:6 Until daylight comes and shadows go away, I will go to the myrrh mountain and the frankincense hill.
Song of Solomon 4:7 You are completely beautiful, my love; you have no flaws.
Song of Solomon 4:8 Come with me from Lebanon, my partner, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from where the lions live, from the mountains where the leopards are.
Song of Solomon 4:9 You have captured my heart, my sister, my wife; you have captured my heart with just one look from your eye, with just one necklace around your neck.
Song of Solomon 4:10 Your love is so beautiful, my sister, my partner! Your love is better than wine, and your perfume smells better than all spices!
Song of Solomon 4:11 Your lips, my partner, drip like honeycomb: honey and milk are beneath your tongue; and your clothes smell like the scent of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 4:12 My sister, my partner, is like a private garden, a locked spring, a sealed fountain.
Song of Solomon 4:13 Your garden is like a pomegranate orchard with nice fruits, henna, and nard plants.
Song of Solomon 4:14 Nard and saffron; sweet cane and cinnamon, along with every frankincense tree; myrrh and aloes, with all the best spices.
Song of Solomon 4:15 A garden's fountain, a spring of fresh water, and rivers from Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 4:16 Wake up, north wind; and come, south wind; blow on my garden, so its fragrances spread. Let my loved one enter his garden and enjoy its delicious fruits.

Song of Solomon 5:1 I have come into my garden, my sister, my partner: I have collected my myrrh and spices; I have eaten my honeycomb and honey; I have drunk my wine and milk. Eat, friends; drink, yes, drink a lot, my loved one.
Song of Solomon 5:2 I am asleep, but my heart is awake: it's my loved one's voice knocking, saying, "Let me in, my sister, my love, my pure one, my dove; because my head is wet with dew, and my hair with the dampness of the night."
Song of Solomon 5:3 I took off my coat; why should I put it back on? I cleaned my feet; why should I get them dirty again?
Song of Solomon 5:4 My loved one reached in through the door opening, and I was deeply stirred for him.
Song of Solomon 5:5 I got up to open the door for my loved one; my hands dripped with myrrh, and my fingers with fragrant myrrh, on the lock's handles.
Song of Solomon 5:6 I opened the door for my loved one, but he had left and was gone. My heart sank when he spoke. I looked for him but couldn't find him. I called him, but he didn't answer me.
Song of Solomon 5:7 The guards patrolling the city found me and beat me; they hurt me. The wall keepers took my veil away.
Song of Solomon 5:8 I ask you, women of Jerusalem, if you see my loved one, please tell him I am deeply in love.
Song of Solomon 5:9 What makes your beloved better than any other, O most beautiful among women? What makes your beloved stand out that you give us such a command?
Song of Solomon 5:10 My loved one is fair and has a healthy red glow, the most outstanding among ten thousand.
Song of Solomon 5:11 His head is like the finest gold, his hair is thick and black as a raven.
Song of Solomon 5:12 His eyes are like dove's eyes by streams of water, bathed in milk, and perfectly placed.
Song of Solomon 5:13 His cheeks are like a garden of sweet spices, and sweet flowers; his lips are like lilies, dripping with the sweet scent of myrrh.
Song of Solomon 5:14 His hands are like gold rings with beryl stones; his stomach is like polished ivory decorated with sapphires.
Song of Solomon 5:15 His legs are like marble columns on gold bases: his face is like Lebanon, as grand as the cedars.
Song of Solomon 5:16 His words are very sweet; yes, he is completely beautiful. This is my loved one, and this is my friend, O women of Jerusalem.

Song of Solomon 6:1 Where has your loved one gone, most beautiful of women? Where did your loved one turn? Let us look for him with you.
Song of Solomon 6:2 My loved one has gone to his garden, to the spice beds, to eat in the gardens, and to pick lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:3 I belong to my loved one, and my loved one belongs to me; he feeds among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:4 You are beautiful, my love, like Tirzah, lovely like Jerusalem, awesome like an army with flags.
Song of Solomon 6:5 Look away from me, because your eyes overpower me. Your hair is like a group of goats seen on the hills of Gilead.
Song of Solomon 6:6 Your teeth are like a flock of clean sheep where each one has twins, and none are without young.
Song of Solomon 6:7 Your cheeks behind your hair are like pieces of a pomegranate.
Song of Solomon 6:8 There are sixty queens, eighty concubines, and countless virgins.
Song of Solomon 6:9 My pure dove is one of a kind; she is her mother's only child and the best one she ever had. Other women saw her and praised her; even queens and wives shared their admiration for her.
Song of Solomon 6:10 Who is she that appears like the morning, beautiful like the moon, bright like the sun, and awe-inspiring like an army with flags?
Song of Solomon 6:11 I went to the nut garden to look at the valley's fruits, and to check if the vine was healthy and the pomegranates were budding.
Song of Solomon 6:12 Before I knew it, my desire swept me away like the chariots of Amminadib.
Song of Solomon 6:13 Come back, come back, O Shulamite; come back, come back, so we can see you. What will you see in the Shulamite? She is like two armies facing each other.

Song of Solomon 7:1 Your feet are lovely in sandals, O princess! Your graceful legs are like precious gems, shaped by a skilled artist.
Song of Solomon 7:2 Your belly button is like a round cup, always full of drink; your stomach is like a pile of wheat surrounded by lilies.
Song of Solomon 7:3 Your two breasts are like two young deer that are twins.
Song of Solomon 7:4 Your neck is like a tower made of ivory; your eyes are like fish ponds in Heshbon, near the entrance of Bathrabbim; your nose is like the tower of Lebanon facing Damascus.
Song of Solomon 7:5 Your head is like Mount Carmel, and your hair is as purple; the king is captivated by your tresses.
Song of Solomon 7:6 You are so beautiful and lovely, O love, with so much joy!
Song of Solomon 7:7 Your body is like a palm tree, and your breasts are like bunches of grapes.
Song of Solomon 7:8 I said, I will climb the palm tree and grasp its branches. Your breasts will be like bunches of grapes, and your breath will smell like apples.
Song of Solomon 7:9 Your mouth is like fine wine for my loved one, smoothly gliding and waking the words of sleepers.
Song of Solomon 7:10 I belong to the one I love, and he longs for me.
Song of Solomon 7:11 Come, my loved one, let's go out to the field; let's stay overnight in the villages.
Song of Solomon 7:12 Let's go early to the vineyards; let's see if the vines have budded, if the grapes are growing, and if the pomegranates are flowering: there I will show you my love.
Song of Solomon 7:13 The mandrakes smell sweet, and at our gates there are all kinds of nice fruits, both new and old, that I have saved for you, my dear.

Song of Solomon 8:1 I wish you were like my brother, who nursed at my mother's breasts! If I saw you outside, I would kiss you and no one would look down on me.
Song of Solomon 8:2 I would guide you and take you to my mother's home, where she would teach me. I would give you spiced wine to drink, made from my pomegranates.
Song of Solomon 8:3 His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should hug me.
Song of Solomon 8:4 I tell you, O women of Jerusalem, do not disturb or wake up my love until he wants to.
Song of Solomon 8:5 Who is this coming from the desert, leaning on her loved one? I woke you up under the apple tree. There your mother gave birth to you; there she who had you, gave birth.
Song of Solomon 8:6 Place me like a seal on your heart, like a seal on your arm; because love is as strong as death; jealousy is as harsh as the tomb: its flames are fiery and intense.
Song of Solomon 8:7 No amount of water can put out love, and floods cannot drown it. If someone tried to trade everything in their house for love, it would be totally rejected.
Song of Solomon 8:8 We have a young sister, and she doesn't have breasts: what will we do for our sister when someone wants to marry her?
Song of Solomon 8:9 If she is a wall, we will build a silver palace on her; if she is a door, we will cover her with cedar planks.
Song of Solomon 8:10 I am like a wall, and my breasts are like strong towers: then in his eyes, I was someone who had found favor.
Song of Solomon 8:11 Solomon owned a vineyard in Baalhamon; he rented it out to farmers; each was to pay him a thousand silver coins for its produce.
Song of Solomon 8:12 My vineyard is mine and it's before me. You, Solomon, get a thousand, and the workers who take care of the fruits get two hundred.
Song of Solomon 8:13 You who live in the gardens, your friends listen to your voice: let me hear it too.
Song of Solomon 8:14 Hurry, my loved one, and be like a deer or a young stag on the spice-covered hills.

Isaiah 1:1 This is the vision that Isaiah, son of Amoz, had about Judah and Jerusalem during the time when Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah were kings of Judah.
Isaiah 1:2 Listen, skies, and pay attention, earth: God has spoken, I have raised and cared for children, but they have turned against me.
Isaiah 1:3 The ox knows its owner, and the donkey knows where its master feeds it, but Israel doesn't know, my people don't think about it.
Isaiah 1:4 Oh sinful country, people full of wrongdoing, offspring of those who do evil, kids who spoil things: they have left God, they have made the Holy One of Israel angry, they have turned away.
Isaiah 1:5 Why should you be punished again? You will only rebel more and more: your entire mind is ill, and your entire heart is weak.
Isaiah 1:6 From the bottom of the foot to the top of the head, there is no health in it; only wounds, bruises, and open sores. They have not been cleaned, bandaged, or treated with ointment.
Isaiah 1:7 Your country is empty, your cities are burned: strangers eat up your land in front of you, and it is empty, as destroyed by outsiders.
Isaiah 1:8 The Daughter of Zion is left like a small house in a vineyard, like a shelter in a cucumber field, like a city surrounded by enemies.
Isaiah 1:9 If God had not left us a small group of survivors, we would have become like Sodom, and we would have been like Gomorrah.
Isaiah 1:10 Listen to God's message, you leaders of Sodom; pay attention to our God's rules, people of Gomorrah.
Isaiah 1:11 Why do you offer me so many sacrifices? says God. I have had enough of burnt rams and fat from well-fed animals; I take no pleasure in the blood of bulls, lambs, or goats.
Isaiah 1:12 When you come to meet me, who asked you to walk in my courtyards?
Isaiah 1:13 Stop bringing worthless gifts; I hate the smell of incense. New moon celebrations, Sabbaths, and meetings—I cannot stand them; they are full of sin, even the special gatherings.
Isaiah 1:14 I hate your new moons and celebrations; they bother me, and I am tired of putting up with them.
Isaiah 1:15 When you raise your hands, I will look away from you; even when you pray a lot, I won't listen: your hands have blood on them.
Isaiah 1:16 Clean yourselves, make yourselves pure; stop doing wrong things that I see; stop doing bad things.
Isaiah 1:17 Learn to do good; seek fairness, help those who are suffering, defend orphans, and argue for widows.
Isaiah 1:18 Come now, and let's talk this over, says God: even if your sins are bright red, they will become as white as snow; even if they are deep red like crimson, they will be like wool.
Isaiah 1:19 If you are willing and obey, you will enjoy the best from the land.
Isaiah 1:20 If you refuse and rebel, you will be destroyed by the sword because God has said it.
Isaiah 1:21 How has the loyal city turned into a prostitute! It was once full of fairness; goodness made its home there; but now there are killers.
Isaiah 1:22 Your silver has turned to waste, your wine diluted with water.
Isaiah 1:23 Your leaders are disobedient and friends with thieves: they all love getting gifts and chase after rewards: they do not defend orphans, nor do they care about the needs of widows.
Isaiah 1:24 So God, the powerful One of Israel, says, "I will get relief from my foes and take revenge on my enemies."
Isaiah 1:25 I will intervene for you, completely remove your impurities, and get rid of all your lesser metals.
Isaiah 1:26 I will bring back your judges like before, and your advisors as in the start; then you will be known as the city of rightness, the loyal city.
Isaiah 1:27 Zion will be saved through justice, and those who turn to her will be brought back with fairness.
Isaiah 1:28 The ruin of wrongdoers and sinners will happen at the same time, and those who abandon God will be destroyed.
Isaiah 1:29 They will feel shame for the oak trees you wanted, and you will be embarrassed about the gardens you picked.
Isaiah 1:30 You will be like an oak tree with withering leaves, and like a garden without water.
Isaiah 1:31 The strong will be like tinder, and their creator like a spark; they will both burn, and no one will put them out.

Isaiah 2:1 Isaiah, son of Amoz, had a vision about Judah and Jerusalem.
Isaiah 2:2 In the future, God's house on the mountain will be the highest of all, and all countries will come to it.
Isaiah 2:3 Many people will go and say, "Come, let's go up to God's mountain, to the home of Jacob’s God, and he will teach us his ways, so we can follow his paths." For the law will come from Zion, and God's word from Jerusalem.
Isaiah 2:4 He will judge between the nations and correct many people. They will turn their swords into tools for farming and their spears into cutting tools. One nation will not fight another, nor will they learn about war anymore.
Isaiah 2:5 People of Jacob, come, let's walk in God's light.
Isaiah 2:6 So you have left your people, the house of Jacob, because they follow Eastern ways, act like Philistine fortune-tellers, and are happy with foreign children.
Isaiah 2:7 Their land is filled with silver and gold, with no end to their wealth; it is also full of horses, with no end to their chariots.
Isaiah 2:8 Their land is filled with idols. They bow down to what their own hands have made, to what their own fingers have created.
Isaiah 2:9 The common man bows down, and the important man lowers himself; so do not forgive them.
Isaiah 2:10 Go into the rocks and hide in the ground because you are afraid of God and because of his great power.
Isaiah 2:11 People's proud looks will be lowered, and their arrogance will be brought down, and only God will be lifted high on that day.
Isaiah 2:12 The day of God will come for all the proud and high people, and for everyone raised up; they will be made low.
Isaiah 2:13 On all the tall cedars of Lebanon and all the big oaks of Bashan,
Isaiah 2:14 On all the tall mountains and on all the high hills,
Isaiah 2:15 On every tall tower and every strong wall,
Isaiah 2:16 On all the ships of Tarshish and on all beautiful artworks.
Isaiah 2:17 People's pride will be lowered, and their arrogance will be brought down; only God will be lifted up on that day.
Isaiah 2:18 He will completely destroy the idols.
Isaiah 2:19 They will hide in rock holes and earth caves because they fear God and his majestic glory when he comes to shake the earth greatly.
Isaiah 2:20 On that day, a person will throw away their silver and gold idols, which they made to worship, to the moles and bats.
Isaiah 2:21 To hide in the rock crevices and on high rugged cliffs, because they are afraid of God and in awe of his majestic power, when he stands to make the earth tremble greatly.
Isaiah 2:22 Stop depending on people, who have only breath in their noses. What are they really worth?

Isaiah 3:1 Look, God will remove from Jerusalem and Judah all support, the entire supply of bread, and all the water.
Isaiah 3:2 The strong man, the soldier, the judge, the prophet, the wise person, and the elder,
Isaiah 3:3 The leader of fifty, the respected man, the advisor, the skilled worker, and the good speaker.
Isaiah 3:4 I will make children their leaders, and young ones will rule over them.
Isaiah 3:5 People will mistreat each other, neighbors will act badly towards one another, the young will disrespect the old, and the lowly will act rudely towards the respected.
Isaiah 3:6 If a man grabs his brother from his father's family and says, "You have clothes, be our leader and take charge of this mess."
Isaiah 3:7 On that day, he will promise, saying, "I do not want to heal; for there is neither food nor clothes in my house: do not make me a leader of the people."
Isaiah 3:8 Jerusalem is destroyed, and Judah has fallen, because their speech and actions are against God, angering his glorious presence.
Isaiah 3:9 Their faces show their guilt; they brag about their sins like Sodom and don't hide them. Trouble to them, for they have brought evil upon themselves.
Isaiah 3:10 Tell the good people that things will go well for them, because they will enjoy what their actions have earned.
Isaiah 3:11 Trouble will come to the bad person; he will be paid back for what he has done.
Isaiah 3:12 My people are pushed around by children and ruled by women. My people, your leaders mislead you and ruin your paths.
Isaiah 3:13 God stands up to argue his case and stands to judge the people.
Isaiah 3:14 God will judge the elders and leaders of his people because you have destroyed the vineyard, and the robbed goods of the poor are in your homes.
Isaiah 3:15 Why are you hurting my people and crushing the poor? says God.
Isaiah 3:16 God says, because the women of Zion are proud, walking with their heads high and flirting with their eyes, strutting as they go, and their feet make sounds.
Isaiah 3:17 So God will strike the tops of Zion's daughters' heads with sores, and God will expose their private parts.
Isaiah 3:18 On that day, God will remove their ankle bracelets, headbands, and crescent necklaces.
Isaiah 3:19 The chains, the bracelets, and the scarves,
Isaiah 3:20 The caps, leg accessories, headbands, perfume boxes, and earrings,
Isaiah 3:21 The rings and nose rings
Isaiah 3:22 The different sets of clothes, the cloaks, the headscarves, and the hairpins,
Isaiah 3:23 The eyeglasses, the nice cloth, the head coverings, and the scarves.
Isaiah 3:24 It will happen that where there was once perfume, there will be a bad smell; instead of a belt, torn clothes; instead of nicely done hair, baldness; instead of fine clothes, rough sackcloth; and scars will replace beauty.
Isaiah 3:25 Your men will die by the sword, and your strong will fall in battle.
Isaiah 3:26 Her gates will cry and grieve; and she, being empty, will sit on the ground.

Isaiah 4:1 On that day, seven women will grab one man and say, "We will eat our own food and wear our own clothes; just let us have your name to remove our shame."
Isaiah 4:2 On that day, God's branch will be beautiful and glorious, and the earth's produce will be outstanding and attractive for the survivors in Israel.
Isaiah 4:3 Everyone who stays in Zion and survives in Jerusalem will be called holy, each one listed among the living in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 4:4 When God cleans the dirt from Zion's daughters and removes Jerusalem's blood by judging and burning.
Isaiah 4:5 God will make a cloud and smoke over every home on Mount Zion and over its gatherings by day, and a bright, burning fire by night; all the splendid things will have protection.
Isaiah 4:6 There will be a shelter to provide shade from the heat during the day, and a safe place to protect from storms and rain.

Isaiah 5:1 I will sing a song for my loved one about his vineyard. My loved one has a vineyard on a fertile hill.
Isaiah 5:2 He built a fence around it, removed the stones, planted the best vines, built a tower in the middle, and made a winepress in it. He expected it to grow grapes, but it grew wild grapes instead.
Isaiah 5:3 Now, people of Jerusalem and Judah, please decide who is right—me or my vineyard.
Isaiah 5:4 What more could I have done for my vineyard that I didn't do? Why did it grow wild grapes when I expected it to produce good grapes?
Isaiah 5:5 Now I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will remove its hedge, and it will be devoured; I will tear down its wall, and it will be trampled.
Isaiah 5:6 I will make it a wasteland: it won't be trimmed or tilled; instead, thistles and thorns will grow. I will tell the clouds not to rain on it.
Isaiah 5:7 God's vineyard is the people of Israel, and the Judah men are his favored plants. He expected fairness, but found abuse; he wanted rightness, but heard pleas for help.
Isaiah 5:8 Pity those who combine house to house and field to field until there's no more space, just to live alone on the land!
Isaiah 5:9 God told me, "Truly, many big and beautiful houses will be empty with no one living in them."
Isaiah 5:10 Indeed, ten acres of vineyard will produce only one bath of wine, and a homer of seed will produce only an ephah of grain.
Isaiah 5:11 Trouble awaits those who get up early to start drinking and keep on until night, until they are heated by wine.
Isaiah 5:12 At their parties, they have harps, violins, drums, flutes, and wine, but they don't care about what God has done or pay attention to what he has made.
Isaiah 5:13 My people have been taken away as captives because they lack knowledge; their leaders are starving, and many are parched with thirst.
Isaiah 5:14 So hell has grown bigger and opened wide its mouth with no limit: and their splendor, crowds, show of wealth, and those who celebrate, will all go down into it.
Isaiah 5:15 The average person will be lowered, and the powerful person will be made humble, and the proud will be brought down.
Isaiah 5:16 God will be honored when he judges, and the holy God will be made pure through justice.
Isaiah 5:17 The lambs will eat as they do, and strangers will eat in the empty lands of the wealthy.
Isaiah 5:18 Trouble awaits those who pull sin along with ropes of useless things, and drag wrongdoings as if with a heavy cart rope.
Isaiah 5:19 Those who say, "Let God hurry; let Him speed up His work so we may see it. And let the plan of the Holy One of Israel come closer and happen, so we may know it!"
Isaiah 5:20 Trouble comes to those who say bad things are good, and good things are bad; who replace light with darkness, and darkness with light; who exchange bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter.
Isaiah 5:21 Pity those who think they are smart and wise by themselves!
Isaiah 5:22 Trouble comes to those who are good at drinking wine and those who mix strong drinks well.
Isaiah 5:23 They declare the guilty innocent for bribes and deny the good their rights!
Isaiah 5:24 So just as fire eats up straw and flames burn up dry grass, their roots will rot, and their flowers will turn to dust because they have rejected God's law and ignored the words of Israel's Holy God.
Isaiah 5:25 So God is angry with his people; he has reached out to punish them and struck them down. The mountains shook, and their bodies lay torn in the streets. Yet even with all this, God's anger has not stopped, and his hand is still raised to strike again.
Isaiah 5:26 He will raise a flag for distant nations and whistle for them from the earth's end. Look, they will quickly and speedily come.
Isaiah 5:27 No one will get tired or fall; no one will rest or sleep; their belts won't come undone, nor will their shoe straps break.
Isaiah 5:28 Their arrows are sharp, their bows ready, their horses' hooves hard as rock, and their wheels spin like a storm.
Isaiah 5:29 Their growling will sound like a lion's; they will roar like young lions; they will growl, grab their catch, take it to a safe place, and no one will rescue it.
Isaiah 5:30 On that day, they will shout at them like the sea's roar. If someone looks at the land, they will see darkness and sadness, and even the sky above will be dark.

Isaiah 6:1 The year King Uzziah died, I saw God on a high and exalted throne, and his robe filled the temple.
Isaiah 6:2 Above it stood the seraphim: each one had six wings; with two they covered their faces, with two they covered their feet, and with two they flew.
Isaiah 6:3 One called to another, saying, “Holy, holy, holy, is God of all: the whole earth is full of his glory.”
Isaiah 6:4 The door's posts shook with the sound of the shout, and the house was filled with smoke.
Isaiah 6:5 I said, "I'm in trouble! I am ruined because I have dirty lips and live among people with dirty lips, yet I have seen the King, God."
Isaiah 6:6 One of the seraphs flew to me with a live coal in his hand that he took from the altar with tongs.
Isaiah 6:7 He put it on my mouth and said, "See, this has touched your lips; your guilt is gone, and your sin is forgiven."
Isaiah 6:8 I also heard God's voice asking, "Who should I send, and who will go for us?" Then I said, "Here I am; send me."
Isaiah 6:9 He said, "Go and tell these people, 'You may hear, but you will not understand; you may see, but you will not know what you're seeing.'"
Isaiah 6:10 Make these people's hearts dull, their ears deaf, and blind their eyes; so they won't see with their eyes, hear with their ears, understand with their hearts, turn back, and be healed.
Isaiah 6:11 I asked, "God, how long will this last?" And he replied, "Until the cities are empty, the houses have no one living in them, and the land is completely deserted."
Isaiah 6:12 God has taken people far away, and there is a big emptiness in the land.
Isaiah 6:13 In it, a tenth will remain, and it will revive and be used for food. Like a terebinth or an oak tree that keeps its strength even when it loses its leaves, so will the holy people be the strength of the land.

Isaiah 7:1 During the time of Ahaz, Jotham's son, and grandson of Uzziah, king of Judah, Rezin the king of Syria and Pekah, Remaliah's son and king of Israel, attacked Jerusalem but could not defeat it.
Isaiah 7:2 The house of David was informed, "Syria has joined forces with Ephraim." Then his and his people's hearts shook like trees in the forest shake in the wind.
Isaiah 7:3 God told Isaiah, "Go out now to meet Ahaz, along with your son Shearjashub, at the end of the water channel of the upper pool on the road to the launderer's field."
Isaiah 7:4 Tell him, "Be careful and stay calm; don't be afraid or weak because of the dying fires of Rezin's anger with Syria, and the son of Remaliah."
Isaiah 7:5 Because Syria, Ephraim, and Remaliah's son have planned something bad against you, saying,
Isaiah 7:6 Let's attack Judah, trouble it, make a gap for us, and place Tabeal's son as king there.
Isaiah 7:7 God says, "It will not happen, nor will it take place."
Isaiah 7:8 Syria's capital is Damascus, and Damascus's leader is Rezin. In 65 years, Ephraim will be destroyed and no longer be a nation.
Isaiah 7:9 Ephraim's capital is Samaria, and the leader of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If you don't believe, you will not last.
Isaiah 7:10 God spoke to Ahaz again, saying,
Isaiah 7:11 Ask for a sign from God; you can ask for it to be deep down or high up.
Isaiah 7:12 Ahaz said, I will not ask, nor will I test God.
Isaiah 7:13 He said, "Listen, family of David; is it not enough for you to tire people? Will you also tire my God?"
Isaiah 7:14 God will give you a sign: A young woman will become pregnant, have a son, and name him Immanuel.
Isaiah 7:15 He will eat butter and honey to learn how to reject what is bad and choose what is good.
Isaiah 7:16 Before the child learns to reject evil and choose good, the land you hate will be abandoned by its two kings.
Isaiah 7:17 God will bring upon you, your people, and your ancestors' house, times unlike any since Ephraim separated from Judah—the king of Assyria included.
Isaiah 7:18 In that day, God will call for the flies from Egypt's farthest rivers and the bees from Assyria.
Isaiah 7:19 They will come and rest in the empty valleys, in the rock crevices, and among all the thorny plants and bushes.
Isaiah 7:20 On that day, God will use a hired razor, from the people across the river, the king of Assyria, to shave the head, the hair on the feet, and also remove the beard.
Isaiah 7:21 On that day, a person will take care of a young cow and two sheep.
Isaiah 7:22 Because there will be so much milk, people will eat butter; everyone left in the land will eat butter and honey.
Isaiah 7:23 On that day, every place with a thousand grapevines, each worth a thousand silver coins, will be overtaken by weeds and thorns.
Isaiah 7:24 People will come there with arrows and bows, because the whole land will be covered with thorns and briers.
Isaiah 7:25 On every hill plowed with tools, there won't be fear of sharp plants; instead, it will be a place for oxen and for smaller animals to walk.

Isaiah 8:1 God told me, "Get a large scroll and write on it with a normal pen about Mahershalalhashbaz."
Isaiah 8:2 I chose trustworthy people to witness, Uriah the priest and Zechariah, Jeberechiah's son.
Isaiah 8:3 I went to the prophetess; she became pregnant and had a son. Then God told me, "Name him Mahershalalhashbaz."
Isaiah 8:4 Before the child learns to say "My father" or "My mother," the wealth of Damascus and the goods of Samaria will be taken by the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 8:5 God spoke to me again, saying,
Isaiah 8:6 Since these people reject the gentle flowing waters of Shiloah and are happy with Rezin and the son of Remaliah;
Isaiah 8:7 Now then, see how God brings the river's strong and many waters against them, including the Assyrian king and his might. He will rise above all his streams and overflow all his banks.
Isaiah 8:8 He will pass through Judah, flooding and crossing over, reaching up to the neck; his stretched-out wings will cover the width of your land, Immanuel.
Isaiah 8:9 Join together, people, and you will be destroyed; listen, all you from distant lands: prepare for battle, and you will be destroyed; prepare for battle, and you will be destroyed.
Isaiah 8:10 Make plans together, but they will fail; say what you want, but it won't happen, because God is with us.
Isaiah 8:11 God spoke to me forcefully and taught me not to follow this people's ways, saying.
Isaiah 8:12 Don't call everything a conspiracy, like these people do, and don't fear what they fear; do not be terrified.
Isaiah 8:13 Make God your only holy one; fear him and be in awe of him.
Isaiah 8:14 He will be a safe place, but also a stumbling stone and a rock that causes offense to both the families of Israel, and a trap and a snare to the people of Jerusalem.
Isaiah 8:15 Many of them will stumble, fall, get hurt, be caught, and be captured.
Isaiah 8:16 Keep the teaching safe, put the law in the hearts of my followers.
Isaiah 8:17 I will wait for God, who hides from the people of Jacob, and I will seek Him.
Isaiah 8:18 Look, I and the children God has given me are for signs and wonders in Israel from God who lives on Mount Zion.
Isaiah 8:19 When people tell you to ask for help from those who talk to spirits and wizards who whisper and murmur, shouldn't you ask for help from your God instead of looking for answers among the dead?
Isaiah 8:20 Refer to God's law and message: if they do not agree with this, it is because they lack understanding.
Isaiah 8:21 They will go through it in great trouble and hunger, and when they are hungry, they will become upset, curse their king and God, and look up.
Isaiah 8:22 They will look to the earth and see distress and darkness, the gloom of suffering, and they will be pushed into darkness.

Isaiah 9:1 Still, the gloom won't be as heavy as the trouble she first had, when God at first only slightly punished the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and later punished it much more harshly by the sea, past Jordan, in the area of the nations.
Isaiah 9:2 People who walked in darkness have seen a great light; those who lived in the land where death casts its shadow, on them the light has shone.
Isaiah 9:3 You have made the nation larger, but not made its joy greater. They are happy in your presence like they are happy at harvest time, and like people rejoicing when they share out what they have taken.
Isaiah 9:4 For you have shattered the weight he carried and the stick on his shoulder, the club of his enemy, just like in the time of Midian.
Isaiah 9:5 Every warrior's battle involves chaos and bloody clothes; but this fight will be with burning and fire's fuel.
Isaiah 9:6 A child is born to us, a son is given to us; he will govern, and he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Eternal Father, Prince of Peace.
Isaiah 9:7 His government and peace will grow forever. He will rule on David's throne and over his kingdom, setting it up and making it secure, fair, and just from now on and always. God's passionate commitment will make this happen.
Isaiah 9:8 God sent a message to Jacob, and it arrived in Israel.
Isaiah 9:9 Everyone, including Ephraim and the people of Samaria who speak with pride and strong hearts, will know,
Isaiah 9:10 The bricks have fallen, but we will rebuild with cut stones; the sycamores have been chopped down, but we will replace them with cedars.
Isaiah 9:11 So God will make Rezin's enemies attack him and cause his foes to unite.
Isaiah 9:12 The Syrians in front, and the Philistines behind, will attack and consume Israel completely. Despite this, God remains angry, and his power is still at work.
Isaiah 9:13 The people do not turn to the one who strikes them, nor do they look for God.
Isaiah 9:14 So God will remove the leaders and followers from Israel, as well as everything else, in one day.
Isaiah 9:15 The old and respected person is the leader; and the false teacher is the least important.
Isaiah 9:16 The leaders of these people lead them astray, and those who follow them are ruined.
Isaiah 9:17 So, God will not be happy with their young men, nor will he show kindness to the orphans and widows, because everyone is fake and does bad things, and all they say is foolish. Despite all this, God is still angry and ready to act.
Isaiah 9:18 Evil acts burn like fire: they will consume the briars and thorns, and will spread in the dense parts of the forest, rising up like smoke.
Isaiah 9:19 God's anger has made the land dark, and the people will burn like fuel for the fire; no one will show mercy to his brother.
Isaiah 9:20 He will grab with his right hand and still be hungry; he will eat with his left hand and not be satisfied. Each person will eat the flesh of their own arm.
Isaiah 9:21 Manasseh and Ephraim will fight each other, but together they will fight against Judah. Despite this, God is still angry and continues to punish.

Isaiah 10:1 Trouble comes to those who make unfair laws and write rules that cause suffering.
Isaiah 10:2 To push away the needy from fair treatment, and to take the rights from the poor of my people, so that they can take advantage of widows and steal from children without parents!
Isaiah 10:3 What will you do when the time of punishment comes, and disaster arrives from far away? Who will you run to for help? Where will you leave your riches?
Isaiah 10:4 Without me, they will kneel before the captives, and they will fall among the dead. Despite this, God is still angry, and his hand is still reaching out.
Isaiah 10:5 O Assyrian, you are the stick I use in anger, and the club you hold is my fury.
Isaiah 10:6 I will send him against a nation of pretenders, and to the people I am angry with, I will order him to seize their goods, capture them, and crush them like dirt on the roads.
Isaiah 10:7 He does not intend this, nor does he think this; but he plans to destroy and wipe out many nations.
Isaiah 10:8 He says, "Aren't all my leaders as powerful as kings?"
Isaiah 10:9 Isn't Calno like Carchemish? Isn't Hamath like Arpad? Isn't Samaria like Damascus?
Isaiah 10:10 My hand has conquered idol nations, whose carved idols were superior to those of Jerusalem and Samaria.
Isaiah 10:11 Won't I do to Jerusalem and its idols what I did to Samaria and its idols?
Isaiah 10:12 So, it will happen that when God has finished his work on Mount Zion and Jerusalem, I will punish the proud actions of the king of Assyria and his arrogant pride.
Isaiah 10:13 God says, "With my own power I did this, with my knowledge, because I am wise. I changed the borders of nations, took their treasures, and defeated the people as a brave warrior would."
Isaiah 10:14 My hand found wealth as a nest, and as one picks up abandoned eggs, I collected everything on earth; nobody fluttered a wing or opened their mouth to chirp.
Isaiah 10:15 Can an axe brag to the person using it? Or can a saw act proud toward the one who moves it? It's like a stick moving those who pick it up, or a wooden staff lifting itself as if it isn't wood.
Isaiah 10:16 Therefore, God will make his rich people thin, and he will set a fire under his glory that burns like a fierce fire.
Isaiah 10:17 Israel's light will be like a fire, and its Holy One like a flame; it will burn and consume its thorns and briers in one day.
Isaiah 10:18 God will destroy the beauty of his forest and his fertile land, both inside and out, and they will be like when a flag carrier grows weak.
Isaiah 10:19 The remaining trees of the forest will be so few that a child could count them.
Isaiah 10:20 On that day, the survivors of Israel and those who have escaped from the house of Jacob will no longer rely on the one who attacked them; instead, they will truly depend on God, the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 10:21 The remaining people will come back, Jacob's survivors, to the powerful God.
Isaiah 10:22 Even though there are many people in Israel, like sand by the sea, only a few of them will come back; what is decided will happen and will be done right.
Isaiah 10:23 God will carry out a complete destruction, as planned, throughout the land.
Isaiah 10:24 So this is what God says: My people living in Zion, do not fear the Assyrian. He will hit you with a stick and raise his staff against you, just like it was done in Egypt.
Isaiah 10:25 In a short time, God's anger will end, and my fury in their ruin will stop.
Isaiah 10:26 God will whip him like he did the Midianites at Oreb's rock, and just as he lifted his staff over the sea, he will raise it as he did in Egypt.
Isaiah 10:27 On that day, the heavy load will be lifted from your shoulder, and the harness from your neck, and the harness will be broken because of the blessing.
Isaiah 10:28 He has come to Aiath, he has moved on to Migron; at Michmash he has stored his supplies.
Isaiah 10:29 They have crossed over the path; they are staying in Geba; Ramah is scared; Saul's Gibeah has run away.
Isaiah 10:30 Raise your voice, daughter of Gallim; let it be heard all the way to Laish, you poor Anathoth.
Isaiah 10:31 Madmenah has moved away; the people of Gebim are getting ready to run away.
Isaiah 10:32 He will stay at Nob for that day; he will threaten the mountain of Zion's daughter, the hill of Jerusalem with his hand.
Isaiah 10:33 Look, God, the God of all, will cut off the branches with fear: the tall will be cut down, and the proud will be made low.
Isaiah 10:34 He will chop down the forest thickets with an iron tool, and Lebanon will fall to a powerful one.

Isaiah 11:1 A branch will grow from the stump of Jesse, and a shoot will come up from his roots.
Isaiah 11:2 God's spirit will be with him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of advice and strength, the spirit of knowledge and respect for God.
Isaiah 11:3 He will understand quickly how to respect God, and he won't decide by only what he sees, nor correct by just what he hears.
Isaiah 11:4 He will fairly judge the poor and decide with fairness for the humble of the earth. He will strike the land with his word, and with his speech, he will kill the wicked.
Isaiah 11:5 Righteousness will be his belt, and faithfulness the belt around his waist.
Isaiah 11:6 The wolf will live with the lamb, the leopard will lie down with the baby goat, the calf, the young lion, and the well-fed animal will be together; and a small child will guide them.
Isaiah 11:7 Cows and bears will eat together; their babies will lie down close; and lions will eat grass like oxen.
Isaiah 11:8 The nursing baby will play over the viper's hole, and the child who no longer nurses will put his hand on the snake's nest.
Isaiah 11:9 People will not hurt or destroy anything on my holy mountain, because the earth will be filled with knowledge about God, just as water fills the sea.
Isaiah 11:10 On that day, Jesse's descendant will be like a flag for all peoples; nations will come to him, and his place will be wonderful.
Isaiah 11:11 On that day, God will reach out again to bring back the survivors of his people from Assyria, Egypt, Pathros, Cush, Elam, Shinar, Hamath, and the islands of the sea.
Isaiah 11:12 He will raise a flag for all countries, and will bring together Israel's scattered people, and collect Judah's spread-out ones from all over the world.
Isaiah 11:13 Ephraim's jealousy will go away, and Judah's enemies will be defeated: Ephraim will not be jealous of Judah, and Judah will not bother Ephraim.
Isaiah 11:14 They will soar over the Philistines in the west and take the riches of those in the east. They will take control of Edom and Moab, and the people of Ammon will follow them.
Isaiah 11:15 God will completely destroy the sea by Egypt and, with a strong wind, will sweep his hand over the river, dividing it into seven streams so that people can cross on dry land.
Isaiah 11:16 A road will be made for the survivors of his people left in Assyria, just like the one for Israel when they left Egypt.

Isaiah 12:1 On that day, you will say, "God, I will praise you. Even though you were angry with me, your anger has gone, and you have comforted me."
Isaiah 12:2 Look, God is my savior; I will trust and not fear: for God is my strength and my song; he has also become my savior.
Isaiah 12:3 So with happiness you will get water from the springs of rescue.
Isaiah 12:4 On that day you will say, "Praise God, ask for his help, tell everyone what he has done, and remember that his name is great."
Isaiah 12:5 Sing to God; for He has done wonderful things: this is known all over the earth.
Isaiah 12:6 Shout loudly, you who live in Zion, because the Holy One of Israel is great among you.

Isaiah 13:1 Isaiah, son of Amoz, saw this message about Babylon.
Isaiah 13:2 Raise a flag on the tall mountain, shout out loud to them, wave your hand, so they may enter the gates of the leaders.
Isaiah 13:3 I have ordered my holy ones; I have summoned my warriors to express my wrath, those who delight in my greatness.
Isaiah 13:4 The sound of many people in the mountains, like a large crowd; the loud noise of many countries' kingdoms joining together: God gathers the armies for war.
Isaiah 13:5 They come from a distant land, from the farthest skies, even God and his weapons of anger, to destroy the entire country.
Isaiah 13:6 Cry out, because God's day is near; it will come like destruction from God.
Isaiah 13:7 So everyone's hands will go weak, and each person's heart will feel afraid.
Isaiah 13:8 They will be scared: pains and sorrows will grab them; they will hurt like a woman in childbirth: they will look at each other in shock; their faces will be like fire.
Isaiah 13:9 Look, God's day is coming, harsh with anger and fierce rage, to make the land empty and to wipe out its sinners.
Isaiah 13:10 The stars in the sky and their patterns will not shine; the sun will be dark as it rises, and the moon will not give its light.
Isaiah 13:11 I will punish the world for its evil and the wicked for their wrongs; I will end the pride of the proud and bring down the arrogance of the ruthless.
Isaiah 13:12 I will make a person more valuable than fine gold; even more than the pure gold from Ophir.
Isaiah 13:13 So I will make the skies and the earth shake, and the earth will move from its place because of God's anger and on the day of his strong rage.
Isaiah 13:14 It will be like a hunted deer or a sheep with no one to gather it: everyone will return to their own people and run away to their own country.
Isaiah 13:15 Everyone found will be killed with a weapon; and everyone with them will be defeated by the sword.
Isaiah 13:16 Their children will be smashed in front of them; their houses will be robbed, and their wives violated.
Isaiah 13:17 I will excite the Medes against them, who will not care for silver, nor take pleasure in gold.
Isaiah 13:18 Their bows will smash the young men; they will show no mercy to unborn babies; they will not look kindly on children.
Isaiah 13:19 Babylon, once the best of kingdoms and the pride of the Chaldeans, will be destroyed like when God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah.
Isaiah 13:20 It will never be lived in or have people stay there from one generation to the next. Arabians will not camp there, and shepherds will not have their sheep rest there.
Isaiah 13:21 Wild animals of the desert will rest there; their homes will be filled with sad creatures; owls will live there, and wild goats will dance there.
Isaiah 13:22 Wild animals from the islands will howl in their empty homes, and dragons will cry out in their beautiful palaces. Her time is about to come, and her days will not be extended.

Isaiah 14:1 God will show mercy to Jacob and will still choose Israel, and will place them in their own land; and outsiders will join them and stick with Jacob's family.
Isaiah 14:2 The people will take them and bring them to their place; the Israelites will own them in God's land as servants and maids. They will capture those who had captured them, and they will govern over those who had oppressed them.
Isaiah 14:3 In the future, when God gives you rest from your sadness, your fear, and the tough slavery you were forced to work in,
Isaiah 14:4 You will say this saying against the king of Babylon: How has the bully stopped! The rich city is no more!
Isaiah 14:5 God has broken the stick of the bad people and the rod of the leaders.
Isaiah 14:6 The one who struck the people in anger with unending blows, who ruled the nations with fury, is being chased, with no one to stop it.
Isaiah 14:7 The whole world is calm and peaceful: they burst into song.
Isaiah 14:8 Yes, the fir trees are happy about you, and the cedars of Lebanon say, "Since you've been gone, no woodcutter has come to cut us down."
Isaiah 14:9 Hell below is stirred up to welcome you when you arrive; it wakes up the dead for you, all the important leaders on earth; it has made all the kings of the nations rise from their thrones.
Isaiah 14:10 Everyone will speak and say to you, "Have you also become weak like us? Are you now the same as we are?"
Isaiah 14:11 Your grandeur has been brought down to the grave, along with the sound of your stringed instruments; worms are spread beneath you, and they cover you.
Isaiah 14:12 You have fallen from heaven, O bright star, son of the morning! You have been cut down to the earth, you who weakened the nations!
Isaiah 14:13 For you have thought to yourself, I will go up to heaven, I will raise my throne higher than God's stars; I will sit on the mountain where the gods meet, in the far north.
Isaiah 14:14 I will go up higher than the clouds; I will be like God.
Isaiah 14:15 You will be brought down to hell, to the edge of the deep pit.
Isaiah 14:16 People who see you will stare and think, "Is this the man who made the earth tremble and shook kingdoms?"
Isaiah 14:17 God made the world empty and ruined its cities; He did not let the prisoners go free from their prison.
Isaiah 14:18 Every king of the nations lies in honor, each one in his own tomb.
Isaiah 14:19 But you are thrown out of your tomb like a hated branch, dressed like those killed with a sword, going down to the rocks of the pit, like a body stepped on.
Isaiah 14:20 You will not be buried with them because you ruined your land and killed your people. The children of those who do evil will never be honored.
Isaiah 14:21 Get ready to punish his children for their fathers' wrongs; so they won't thrive, take over the land, or cover the earth with their towns.
Isaiah 14:22 I will fight against them, says God, and I will remove from Babylon its name and survivors, children, and relatives, says God.
Isaiah 14:23 I will make it a place for owls and fill it with water holes; I will clean it out with a broom of ruin, says God of all.
Isaiah 14:24 God has promised, saying, just as I have planned, it will happen; and just as I have decided, it will remain.
Isaiah 14:25 I will defeat the Assyrian in my land, and crush him on my mountains. Then their slavery will end, and their burden will be lifted from their shoulders.
Isaiah 14:26 This is the plan made for the whole earth, and this is the hand reaching out to all nations.
Isaiah 14:27 God has a plan, and who can change it? His power is at work, and who can stop it?
Isaiah 14:28 The year King Ahaz died, this heavy message came.
Isaiah 14:29 Do not be happy, all of Palestine, because the stick of the one who hit you is broken: a venomous snake will come from the serpent's family, and it will produce a burning flying serpent.
Isaiah 14:30 The poorest firstborn will have food, and those in need will rest safely. But I will destroy your roots with hunger, and what's left of you will be killed.
Isaiah 14:31 Cry out, O gate; weep, O city; all of you in Palestine are breaking down: because smoke will come from the north, and no one will be by themselves at the set times.
Isaiah 14:32 What should we tell the nation's messengers? That God has established Zion, and his needy people will find safety in it.

Isaiah 15:1 Moab's heavy problem. Because at night, Moab's city Ar is destroyed and silenced; at night, Moab's city Kir is also destroyed and silenced.
Isaiah 15:2 He has gone up to Bajith and Dibon's high places to cry. Moab will wail for Nebo and Medeba. Everyone will be bald and every beard shaved off.
Isaiah 15:3 In their streets, they will wear rough cloth: on their house roofs and in the streets, everyone will cry loudly, shedding many tears.
Isaiah 15:4 Heshbon and Elealeh will cry out, their voices heard all the way to Jahaz. So, Moab's armed men will scream; his life will be hard for him.
Isaiah 15:5 I will cry for Moab; its people will run to Zoar, like a young cow: They will cry while going up the hill of Luhith; on the road to Horonaim, they will shout because everything is destroyed.
Isaiah 15:6 The waters of Nimrim will become empty; the hay has dried up, the grass is gone, and nothing green is left.
Isaiah 15:7 So they will take away the wealth they have gathered and stored to the Brook of Willows.
Isaiah 15:8 The cry has spread all around Moab's borders; the wailing reaches Eglaim, and the wailing extends to Beerelim.
Isaiah 15:9 The waters of Dimon will be filled with blood because I will send more troubles to Dimon, lions to attack those from Moab who escape, and those who are left in the land.

Isaiah 16:1 Send a lamb to the land's leader, from Sela through the desert, to the mountain of Zion's people.
Isaiah 16:2 Like a bird that is forced out of its nest, so will the women of Moab be at the Arnon River crossings.
Isaiah 16:3 Get advice, make fair decisions; protect like darkness at midday; hide those who are cast out; do not betray the wanderer.
Isaiah 16:4 Let my exiles live with you, Moab; protect them from the destroyer, because the one who takes by force is finished, the destroyer stops, the oppressors are gone from the land.
Isaiah 16:5 The throne will be set up with kindness, and he will sit on it honestly in David's tent, making fair decisions and quickly doing what is right.
Isaiah 16:6 We've heard about Moab's pride; he's very arrogant: with his haughtiness, his pride, and his anger. But his lies will not stand.
Isaiah 16:7 So Moab will cry for itself, everyone will cry. You will grieve for the ruins of Kirhareseth, indeed, they are broken.
Isaiah 16:8 The fields of Heshbon are weak, and the grapevines of Sibmah are ruined. Foreign rulers have destroyed their best plants. They reached even to Jazer, they spread out into the desert. Their shoots spread far and crossed the sea.
Isaiah 16:9 So, I will mourn for Jazer's vines and Sibmah's grapes: I will cry for you with my tears, Heshbon and Elealeh, because no one shouts for joy over your summer fruits and harvest anymore.
Isaiah 16:10 Happiness is gone, and joy from the fertile land; in the vineyards there is no singing or shouting: those who crush grapes will make no wine in their vats; I have stopped their harvest celebrations.
Isaiah 16:11 So I feel deep sadness for Moab like a harp plays sad music, and my heart cries for Kirharesh.
Isaiah 16:12 When it's seen that Moab is tired on the high ground, he will go to his holy place to pray, but he will not succeed.
Isaiah 16:13 This is what God has said about Moab long ago.
Isaiah 16:14 But now God has said, "In three years, like a worker's contract time, Moab's pride will be looked down on, along with its large crowd; and the survivors will be few and weak."

Isaiah 17:1 The load Damascus carries: Look, Damascus will no longer be a city, but will become a pile of ruins.
Isaiah 17:2 The cities of Aroer are abandoned: they will become places for flocks to rest, with no one to scare them.
Isaiah 17:3 The stronghold will end in Ephraim, and the rule will end in Damascus, along with what's left of Syria. They will be like the honor of Israel's people, says God.
Isaiah 17:4 On that day, Jacob's glory will fade, and his body will become thin.
Isaiah 17:5 It will be like when a farmer gathers the corn and cuts the ears with his arm; and it will be like someone collecting ears of corn in the Valley of Rephaim.
Isaiah 17:6 Some grapes will still be found in it, like when an olive tree is shaken, two or three olives at the very top, four or five on the outermost branches, says the God of Israel.
Isaiah 17:7 On that day, a person will look to God, and his eyes will honor the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 17:8 He will not look to the altars his hands built, nor will he regard what his fingers made, whether sacred poles or idols.
Isaiah 17:9 On that day, his powerful cities will be like abandoned branches, left because of the Israelites, and they will be empty and ruined.
Isaiah 17:10 Because you forgot the God who saves you and didn't remember the strong rock who supports you, you will plant nice plants, but they will grow from unusual roots.
Isaiah 17:11 On that day, you will care for your plants, and in the morning you will see your seeds sprout; but the crop will be destroyed on the day of pain and terrible sadness.
Isaiah 17:12 Trouble for the crowds of many people, who sound like the sea's roar; and for the nations' rushing, sounding like the roar of great waters!
Isaiah 17:13 Nations will come quickly like a flood, but God will scold them, and they'll run away far off, chased like dry plants on the mountains by the wind, and like tumbleweed before a storm.
Isaiah 17:14 Look, at night comes trouble; by morning it's gone. This is what happens to those who destroy us, the fate of those who steal from us.

Isaiah 18:1 Trouble comes to the land with many winged insects, which is past the rivers of Ethiopia.
Isaiah 18:2 God sends messengers over the sea, in boats made of reeds on the waters, telling them, "Go quickly to a nation that is spread out and stripped, to a people feared from the start until now; a country measured and crushed, whose land rivers have ruined!"
Isaiah 18:3 Everyone in the world and living on the earth, look when God raises a flag on the mountains; and when God sounds a trumpet, listen.
Isaiah 18:4 God said to me, "I will rest, and I will look down from my home like the sun's warmth on plants, and like dew in the heat of harvest time."
Isaiah 18:5 Before the harvest, when the bud is mature and the sour grape is getting ripe in the flower, he will cut off the shoots with pruning knives and remove and trim the branches.
Isaiah 18:6 Birds of the mountains and animals of the earth will gather on them; birds will spend summer on them, and all earth's animals will spend winter on them.
Isaiah 18:7 At that time, a gift will be given to God from a scattered and stripped people, and from a nation always feared; a country measured and crushed, whose land rivers have ruined, to where God lives, Mount Zion.

Isaiah 19:1 Egypt's trouble. Look, God rides on a fast cloud and will come to Egypt. Egypt's idols will shake before him, and Egypt's courage will fail completely.
Isaiah 19:2 I will make Egyptians fight against each other: they will battle against their own brothers and neighbors, city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.
Isaiah 19:3 Egypt's spirit will weaken within; I will spoil its plans. They will turn to idols, spellcasters, mediums, and sorcerers for guidance.
Isaiah 19:4 I will let the Egyptians be ruled by a mean ruler; a harsh king will control them, says God, the God over all.
Isaiah 19:5 The sea will lose its water, and the river will empty and dry up.
Isaiah 19:6 They will redirect the rivers far away; the streams of protection will be drained and dry up: the reeds and plants will wilt.
Isaiah 19:7 The reeds by the streams, at the stream mouths, and all that is planted by the streams, will dry up, blow away, and disappear.
Isaiah 19:8 Fishers will be sad, everyone who fishes in the streams will grieve, and those who lay nets on the waters will grow weak.
Isaiah 19:9 People who work with fine linen and make nets will be ashamed.
Isaiah 19:10 They will fail in their plans, all who build waterways and fishponds.
Isaiah 19:11 The leaders of Zoan are foolish, and Pharaoh's wise advisors have become senseless. How can you tell Pharaoh, "I am the son of the wise, descended from ancient kings"?
Isaiah 19:12 Where are they? Where are your wise men? Let them tell you now and explain what God has planned for Egypt.
Isaiah 19:13 The leaders of Zoan have turned into fools, the leaders of Noph are tricked; they have led Egypt astray, even those who should support its people.
Isaiah 19:14 God has mixed a corrupt spirit among them; they have made Egypt go wrong in all its actions, like a drunk man stumbling in his own sick.
Isaiah 19:15 Egypt will not have any work to do, from the greatest to the least.
Isaiah 19:16 On that day, Egypt will be like scared women because of the powerful shaking hand of God over it.
Isaiah 19:17 The land of Judah will scare Egypt; anyone talking about it will be frightened because of God's plan against it.
Isaiah 19:18 On that day, five cities in Egypt will speak Canaan's language and promise loyalty to God. One city will be named "City of Destruction."
Isaiah 19:19 On that day, there will be an altar for God in the middle of Egypt and a monument at its border for God.
Isaiah 19:20 It will be a sign and evidence to God in Egypt. They will pray to God because of their oppressors, and He will send them a savior, a mighty one, who will rescue them.
Isaiah 19:21 God will be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians will know God at that time; they will offer sacrifices and gifts, and they will make a promise to God and keep it.
Isaiah 19:22 God will punish Egypt, but then heal it; they will turn back to God, and when they ask for help, He will heal them.
Isaiah 19:23 On that day, there will be a road from Egypt to Assyria. Assyrians will go to Egypt, and Egyptians will go to Assyria, and they will work together.
Isaiah 19:24 On that day, Israel will be one of three with Egypt and Assyria, a blessing in the land.
Isaiah 19:25 God will bless them, saying, "Egypt, my people, will be blessed, Assyria, my creation, and Israel, my inheritance."

Isaiah 20:1 In the year Tartan came to Ashdod, sent by Sargon, the king of Assyria, and attacked and captured it.
Isaiah 20:2 At that time, God told Isaiah, son of Amoz, "Go, take the sackcloth off your waist, and remove your shoe from your foot." And he did it, going around naked and without shoes.
Isaiah 20:3 And God said, "Just as my servant Isaiah walked without clothes and barefoot for three years as a sign and miracle for Egypt and Ethiopia;
Isaiah 20:4 The king of Assyria will take the Egyptians and Ethiopians as prisoners, both young and old, without clothes and shoes, their backsides exposed, to embarrass Egypt.
Isaiah 20:5 They will feel fear and shame about their hope in Ethiopia and their pride in Egypt.
Isaiah 20:6 On that day, the people of this island will say, "Look, this is what we hoped for, where we ran for help to save us from the king of Assyria: but how can we escape?"

Isaiah 21:1 The heavy message about the sea desert. Like storms in the south move through; it comes from the desert, from a scary land.
Isaiah 21:2 A terrible vision is told to me; the cheater cheats, and the destroyer destroys. Attack, Elam: surround, Media; I have ended all its groaning.
Isaiah 21:3 My waist is full of pain; cramps have gripped me, like a woman in labor. I was bent over when I heard it; I was shocked when I saw it.
Isaiah 21:4 My heart beat fast, and fear scared me: the night that was once joyful for me has become a time of fear.
Isaiah 21:5 Set the table, stay alert in the tower, eat and drink: get up, leaders, and get the shield ready.
Isaiah 21:6 God told me, "Go, put a guard on duty, and let him report what he sees."
Isaiah 21:7 He saw a chariot with two horsemen, a donkey chariot, and a camel chariot; and he listened carefully with great attention.
Isaiah 21:8 He shouted, "A lion! Sir, I'm always on the lookout during the day, and I stay at my guard post all night."
Isaiah 21:9 Look, here comes a chariot with two riders. He replied, "Babylon has fallen, has fallen; and all the idols of its gods are shattered on the ground."
Isaiah 21:10 My people, whom I will thresh and the grain of my threshing floor: what I've heard from God, the God of Israel, I have told you.
Isaiah 21:11 The heavy message of Dumah. Someone from Seir calls to me, “Guard, how much of the night is left? Guard, how much of the night is left?”
Isaiah 21:12 The guard said, "Morning is coming, and also the night. If you want to ask, then ask. Come back, come."
Isaiah 21:13 The heavy task is on Arabia. You will stay in the woods in Arabia, you traveling groups of Dedanites.
Isaiah 21:14 The people of Tema brought water to the thirsty and gave bread to the fugitives.
Isaiah 21:15 They ran away from the swords, the pulled-out sword, the bent bow, and the harshness of war.
Isaiah 21:16 God told me that within one year, like the time a hired worker counts, all Kedar's pride will disappear.
Isaiah 21:17 The remaining archers from the strong warriors of Kedar's descendants will decrease because God of Israel has said so.

Isaiah 22:1 The trouble with the Valley of Vision. What's wrong with you that you've all gone up to the rooftops?
Isaiah 22:2 You are busy and noisy, a city full of chaos, a city of joy: your dead were not killed by the sword, nor died in war.
Isaiah 22:3 All your leaders have run away together, they've been captured by the archers; everyone found in you is tied up, after having fled from a distance.
Isaiah 22:4 So I said, "Turn away from me; I will cry hard. Do not try to comfort me because my people have been destroyed."
Isaiah 22:5 It is a day of trouble, stomping, and confusion by God in the vision valley, tearing down walls, and shouting to the mountains.
Isaiah 22:6 Elam carried the arrows with chariots and horsemen, and Kir took off the shield cover.
Isaiah 22:7 Your best valleys will be filled with chariots, and horsemen will line up at the gate.
Isaiah 22:8 He removed Judah's protection, and you looked for weapons in the Forest House on that day.
Isaiah 22:9 You have also seen the breaks in the wall of the city of David; there are many. And you collected the water from the lower pool.
Isaiah 22:10 You have counted the houses of Jerusalem, and you have torn down some to strengthen the wall.
Isaiah 22:11 You also made a trench between the two walls for the water from the old pool, but you did not consider its creator or show respect to the one who made it long ago.
Isaiah 22:12 On that day, God called for crying, sorrow, shaved heads, and wearing rough cloth.
Isaiah 22:13 Look, happiness and fun, killing cows and sheep, eating meat, and drinking wine: let's eat and drink because tomorrow we will die.
Isaiah 22:14 God told me, "This sin will not be forgiven until you die," says God.
Isaiah 22:15 This is what God says: Go to Shebna, the treasurer who is in charge of the palace, and tell him.
Isaiah 22:16 What do you have here? Who is with you that you've carved a tomb here, like one who cuts a tomb up high and chisels a home for himself in the rock?
Isaiah 22:17 Look, God will take you away with strong force and will surely hide you.
Isaiah 22:18 God will surely throw you around roughly like a ball into a big land; there you will die, and there your splendid chariots will become your master's disgrace.
Isaiah 22:19 I will force you out of your position, and he will bring you down from your high status.
Isaiah 22:20 On that day, I will call my servant Eliakim, Hilkiah's son.
Isaiah 22:21 I will dress him in your robe, give him your belt to make him strong, and put him in charge of your duties. He will be like a father to the people of Jerusalem and to the family of Judah.
Isaiah 22:22 I will put the key to David's house on his shoulder; he will open, and no one can close; he will close, and no one can open.
Isaiah 22:23 I will secure him like a nail in a firm place; and he will be like a magnificent seat of honor for his family.
Isaiah 22:24 They will place on him all the honor of his family, the children and descendants, every small container, from cups to all types of jugs.
Isaiah 22:25 On that day, God says, the secure nail will be taken out, cut down, and fall; and the load on it will be removed because God has said so.

Isaiah 23:1 The weight of Tyre’s troubles. Cry out, ships of Tarshish; for it is destroyed, with no homes or way to enter: from the land of Chittim, they learn of it.
Isaiah 23:2 Stay calm, people of the island; you whom the sea-traveling merchants of Sidon have filled up.
Isaiah 23:3 By large waters, the crops of the Nile, the river's yield, bring her income; she is a marketplace for nations.
Isaiah 23:4 Feel embarrassed, O Sidon, because the sea has claimed, even its mighty waves, saying, I do not struggle in labor, nor give birth to children, and I do not raise young men or nurture young women.
Isaiah 23:5 Just like the news about Egypt hurt them, they will be very upset by the news about Tyre.
Isaiah 23:6 Go to Tarshish; cry out, you people of the island.
Isaiah 23:7 Is this your happy city, which is very old? It will walk far away to stay.
Isaiah 23:8 Who has planned this against Tyre, the city known for crowns, where the merchants are like leaders, and the traders respected throughout the world?
Isaiah 23:9 God has planned it, to tarnish all pride and to disgrace all respected people on earth.
Isaiah 23:10 Go through your land like a river, O daughter of Tarshish: you have no more power.
Isaiah 23:11 He reached out his hand over the sea and disturbed nations: God has ordered to destroy the merchant city and its strong defenses.
Isaiah 23:12 He said, "You won't be happy anymore, you mistreated young woman of Sidon. Get up, go over to Cyprus; even there you won't find peace."
Isaiah 23:13 Look at the land of the Chaldeans; these people did not exist until the Assyrian built it for the desert dwellers: they built its towers, they built its palaces; and it was destroyed.
Isaiah 23:14 Cry out, you ships of Tarshish: because your power is destroyed.
Isaiah 23:15 On that day, Tyre will be forgotten for seventy years, the length of one king's reign. After seventy years are over, Tyre will return to life like a prostitute.
Isaiah 23:16 Play the harp, walk around the town, forgotten woman; play lovely tunes, sing a lot of songs, so you will be remembered.
Isaiah 23:17 After seventy years, God will return to Tyre, and it will start earning money again by interacting with all the world's kingdoms on the earth.
Isaiah 23:18 Her goods and earnings will be sacred to God; they will not be stored or hoarded. Her goods will provide enough food and lasting clothes for those living in God’s presence.

Isaiah 24:1 Look, God will make the earth empty, destroy it, flip it over, and scatter its people.
Isaiah 24:2 And it will happen to the people just like the priest; to the servant like his master; to the maid like her mistress; to the buyer like the seller; to the lender like the borrower; to the one who charges interest just like the one who pays it.
Isaiah 24:3 The land will be completely emptied and totally ruined because God has said this.
Isaiah 24:4 The earth is sad and withers, the world weakens and withers, the proud people of the earth become weak.
Isaiah 24:5 The earth is polluted because of its people; they've broken the laws, changed the rules, and violated the eternal agreement.
Isaiah 24:6 So the curse has consumed the earth, and those living in it are left empty; that's why the people of the earth are scorched, with only a few men remaining.
Isaiah 24:7 The new wine is sad, the vine is weak, and all the happy people sigh.
Isaiah 24:8 The sound of tambourines stops, the noise of celebrators ends, the happiness of the harp stops.
Isaiah 24:9 They won't enjoy wine with singing; hard liquor will taste bad to those who drink it.
Isaiah 24:10 The city of chaos is destroyed: every house is closed so that no one can enter.
Isaiah 24:11 People in the streets cry for wine; all happiness has faded, the land's joy has disappeared.
Isaiah 24:12 The city is left in ruins, and the gate is struck with devastation.
Isaiah 24:13 When this happens across the land among the people, it will be like the shaking of an olive tree and like picking the last grapes after the harvest is over.
Isaiah 24:14 They will raise their voices, they will sing about God's greatness, they will shout loud from the sea.
Isaiah 24:15 So praise God when you are in trouble, and honor the name of the God of Israel in the islands of the sea.
Isaiah 24:16 We have heard songs of praise from the farthest parts of the earth, singing glory to the good people. But I cried out, 'I am so weak, so weak, how terrible for me! The cheaters have cheated; yes, the cheaters have cheated a lot.'
Isaiah 24:17 Fear, a pit, and a trap are coming for you, people of the earth.
Isaiah 24:18 It will happen that the person running away from the sound of terror will fall into a hole; and the one who gets out of the hole will be caught in a trap. This is because the skies above are open, and the earth's foundations are trembling.
Isaiah 24:19 The earth is completely shattered, the earth is totally melted, the earth is shaken a lot.
Isaiah 24:20 The earth will sway back and forth like a drunk person and will be moved like a hut; its wrongdoing will weigh it down, and it will fall, never to get up again.
Isaiah 24:21 On that day, God will punish the powerful beings above and the kings on the earth.
Isaiah 24:22 They will be brought together like captives in a hole and locked up in jail, and after a long time, they will be checked on.
Isaiah 24:23 Then the moon will be embarrassed, and the sun ashamed, when God rules on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem, and before his elders with glory.

Isaiah 25:1 God, you are my God; I will lift you up, I will praise your name; because you have done amazing things; your long-ago plans are faithful and true.
Isaiah 25:2 You have turned a city into a pile of rubble; a fortified city into ruins. A place where foreigners lived, it will no longer be a city; it will never be rebuilt.
Isaiah 25:3 So, powerful people will honor you; cities of fierce nations will fear you.
Isaiah 25:4 You have been a help to the poor, a support to those in need when in trouble, a shelter from the storm, a shade from the heat, when the fierce ones attack like a storm against a wall.
Isaiah 25:5 You will quiet the noise of outsiders, like heat in a dry place; as a cloud's shadow cools the heat, so the power of the cruel ones will be cut down.
Isaiah 25:6 In this mountain, God will prepare a feast for all people with rich foods and aged wines, with fine meats and the best wines.
Isaiah 25:7 He will remove the veil covering all nations and the shroud over all peoples on this mountain.
Isaiah 25:8 He will completely defeat death; God will wipe away all tears; and He will remove His people's shame from the whole earth: because God has declared it.
Isaiah 25:9 On that day, people will say, "Look, this is our God; we have waited for him to save us. This is God; we've waited for him. We will be happy and celebrate his rescue."
Isaiah 25:10 In this mountain, God's hand will rest, and Moab will be stepped on under him, just like straw is stepped on for the manure pile.
Isaiah 25:11 He will stretch out his arms among them, like a swimmer stretches out to swim: and he will lower their pride along with their treasures.
Isaiah 25:12 God will tear down the strong fortress in your high walls, flatten and reduce it to dust.

Isaiah 26:1 On that day, this song will be sung in the land of Judah: "We have a strong city; God makes salvation our walls and defenses."
Isaiah 26:2 Open the gates so the nation that keeps the truth can come in.
Isaiah 26:3 You will keep the person in perfect peace whose thoughts are fixed on you, because he trusts in you.
Isaiah 26:4 Trust in God always, for God has endless strength.
Isaiah 26:5 He brings down those who live up high; the tall city, he makes it flat; he flattens it to the ground; he reduces it to dust.
Isaiah 26:6 Feet will trample it, the feet of the poor and the steps of those in need.
Isaiah 26:7 The path of good people is straight: you, the fairest, judge the way of the good.
Isaiah 26:8 Yes, following your decisions, God, we have waited for you; our soul's longing is for your name and to remember you.
Isaiah 26:9 I long for you with all my heart at night; indeed, I will search for you early with my spirit. When your decisions are known on earth, the people of the world will understand what is right.
Isaiah 26:10 Even if the wicked are shown kindness, they still do not learn what is right. They act unfairly in a good land and do not respect the greatness of God.
Isaiah 26:11 God, when you raise your hand, they don't see it: but they will see and feel shame for their jealousy of the people; indeed, the fire meant for your enemies will consume them.
Isaiah 26:12 God, you will give us peace, because you have done all our deeds for us.
Isaiah 26:13 God, our God, other rulers besides you have ruled over us, but we will only honor your name.
Isaiah 26:14 They are dead, they will not live; they are gone, they will not rise again. So, you have punished and wiped them out, erasing all memory of them.
Isaiah 26:15 You have grown the nation, God, you have made the nation larger; you are honored; you have spread it to the farthest parts of the earth.
Isaiah 26:16 God, in trouble they seek you, they pray deeply when you discipline them.
Isaiah 26:17 Just as a pregnant woman about to give birth hurts and cries out in her pain, so we have been before you, God.
Isaiah 26:18 We have been pregnant, we have been in pain, we have only produced wind; we have not brought any salvation on the earth; nor have the world's people fallen.
Isaiah 26:19 Your dead will live; my dead body and they will rise. Wake up and sing, you in the dust: your dew is like the plants' dew, and the earth will let out the dead.
Isaiah 26:20 Come, my people, go into your rooms and close your doors behind you. Hide for a short time until the anger has passed.
Isaiah 26:21 Look, God is coming from his place to punish the people of the world for their wrongs. The earth will reveal the blood spilled on it and will not hide those who were killed anymore.

Isaiah 27:1 On that day, God with His fierce, mighty sword will punish Leviathan, the sharp serpent, even Leviathan, the twisted serpent; and He will kill the sea dragon.
Isaiah 27:2 On that day, sing to her, "A vineyard of red wine."
Isaiah 27:3 I am God and I take care of it; I will water it all the time so that no one damages it, I will protect it day and night.
Isaiah 27:4 I am not angry: who would challenge me with briers and thorns in battle? I would march through them, I would burn them all.
Isaiah 27:5 Let him grab my power so he can be at peace with me, and he will be at peace with me.
Isaiah 27:6 He will help the descendants of Jacob to grow strong: Israel will bloom and flourish and spread their fruit all over the world.
Isaiah 27:7 Did God strike him as he struck those who attacked him? Or was he killed like those he killed?
Isaiah 27:8 When it grows, you will argue with it, but God calms the strong wind on the east wind's day.
Isaiah 27:9 Through this, Jacob's wrongdoing will be cleansed, and completely removing his sin will come from turning all the altar stones into crushed chalk; the sacred poles and idols will no longer remain standing.
Isaiah 27:10 The protected city will become empty, the place left and forgotten like a desert: there the calf will graze, lie down, and eat its branches.
Isaiah 27:11 When its branches dry up, they get broken off. Women come to burn them. These people don't understand, so the one who created them will not pity them, and the one who shaped them will not be kind to them.
Isaiah 27:12 On that day, God will clear the land from the Euphrates River to the brook of Egypt, and you, the people of Israel, will be gathered one by one.
Isaiah 27:13 On that day, a loud trumpet will sound, and those about to die in Assyria, along with the exiles in Egypt, will return and worship God on the holy mountain in Jerusalem.

Isaiah 28:1 Trouble is coming for the proud crown, for the drunk people of Ephraim, whose beautiful glory is like a dying flower, on the head of the rich valleys of those drunk with wine.
Isaiah 28:2 Look, God has a powerful and strong one who, like a hailstorm and a destructive storm, like a big flood of overflowing waters, will throw down to the ground with force.
Isaiah 28:3 The proud crown, the drunk people of Ephraim, will be stepped on.
Isaiah 28:4 The beautiful crown of the fertile valley will wither away like a flower, and be like early fruit before summer; when someone sees it, they will eat it as soon as it's in their hand.
Isaiah 28:5 On that day, God will be like a crown of glory and a beautiful tiara for the remaining people.
Isaiah 28:6 To give discernment to those who judge and power to those who push back enemies to their gates.
Isaiah 28:7 But they have made mistakes because of wine, and strong drink has led them astray; the priest and the prophet have made errors because of strong drink, they are overwhelmed by wine, they wander off the path because of strong drink; they make mistakes in their visions, they trip up in their decisions.
Isaiah 28:8 Every table is covered with vomit and dirty, leaving no clean spot.
Isaiah 28:9 Who will he teach knowledge? Who will he help understand the teachings? Those who have outgrown milk and no longer nurse.
Isaiah 28:10 Rule should be followed by rule; line by line; here a bit, there a bit.
Isaiah 28:11 With unclear speech and a different language, he will talk to these people.
Isaiah 28:12 He said to them, "This is the place where you can give rest to the tired, and here they can be refreshed. But they wouldn't listen."
Isaiah 28:13 God's teaching was given to them bit by bit, rule by rule; here a little, there a little, so they might stumble, fall, and be caught.
Isaiah 28:14 Listen to God's message, you mocking leaders of the people in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 28:15 Because you said, "We have an agreement with death and a deal with the grave; when disaster sweeps by, it won't reach us: for we've made lies our shelter, and under untruths we've hidden."
Isaiah 28:16 So God says, "Look, I place in Zion a stone for a foundation, a tested stone, a valuable cornerstone, a solid foundation. Whoever believes will not rush."
Isaiah 28:17 I will use justice as a measuring line and righteousness as a plumb line; hail will destroy the shelter of lies, and water will flood the hiding place.
Isaiah 28:18 Your deal with death will be canceled, and your pact with the grave will not last; when the sweeping punishment comes through, you will be crushed by it.
Isaiah 28:19 Once it starts, it will sweep over you; every morning and night it will come, and just hearing the news will be very distressing.
Isaiah 28:20 The bed is too short for someone to stretch out on, and the blanket too small to wrap around oneself.
Isaiah 28:21 God will rise up like he did at Mount Perazim, he will be angry like he was in the Valley of Gibeon, to do what he must, his unusual work; and to complete his task, his unexpected task.
Isaiah 28:22 So now, don't mock or your punishment will grow. I have heard from God that he has decided to destroy the entire earth.
Isaiah 28:23 Listen and hear my voice; pay attention and hear my words.
Isaiah 28:24 Does the farmer plow all day to plant seeds? Does he break up the lumps of soil on his land?
Isaiah 28:25 When he has smoothed out the ground, doesn't he spread the fitches and scatter the cumin, and put the best wheat, the chosen barley, and the rye where they belong?
Isaiah 28:26 God guides him with wisdom and teaches him.
Isaiah 28:27 You don't use a heavy tool to thresh the fitches, nor do you drive a cart wheel over the cummin; instead, you beat the fitches with a stick and the cummin with a rod.
Isaiah 28:28 Grain for bread is crushed, but not forever; it won't be ground endlessly or broken with the cart's wheel, nor smashed by horse riders.
Isaiah 28:29 This also comes from God, who is amazing in giving advice and outstanding in what He does.

Isaiah 29:1 Sadness to Ariel, the city where David lived! Keep adding year after year; continue the sacrifices.
Isaiah 29:2 I will trouble Ariel, and there will be sadness and pain; and Ariel will be to me as Ariel.
Isaiah 29:3 I will surround you with my camp, attack you with a siege mound, and build towers to besiege you.
Isaiah 29:4 You will be brought low, and you will speak from the ground, and your words will be soft from the dust, and your voice will be like a ghost from the ground, and your words will be a whisper from the dust.
Isaiah 29:5 Many strangers among you will be like tiny dust, and many cruel people will vanish like chaff blown away, and all this will happen quickly, in a moment.
Isaiah 29:6 You will be visited by God with thunder, earthquake, loud noise, storm, tempest, and flames of consuming fire.
Isaiah 29:7 The crowds from all countries battling Ariel, and all attacking her and her defenses, making her suffer, will be like a dream seen in the night.
Isaiah 29:8 It will be like a hungry person who dreams of eating, but wakes up still hungry, or like a thirsty person who dreams of drinking, but wakes up thirsty and weak. This is how it will be for all the nations that fight against God's holy mountain.
Isaiah 29:9 Wait and be amazed; shout out loud, they act drunk, but not from wine; they stumble, but not from strong drink.
Isaiah 29:10 God has made you fall into a deep sleep and has shut your eyes. The prophets and leaders, the seers, he has covered.
Isaiah 29:11 The whole vision is like a sealed book to you. When it is given to someone who can read and they are asked, "Please read this," they say, "I can't, because it is sealed."
Isaiah 29:12 The book is given to someone who can't read, and they are asked, "Please read this," but he answers, "I can't read."
Isaiah 29:13 So God said, "Although these people come close to me with their words and honor me with their lips, their hearts are far from me, and their fear of me is just a human command they've been taught."
Isaiah 29:14 So, I will do an amazing thing for these people, a truly amazing thing that will amaze them: their wise people will lose their wisdom, and their smart people will not be able to understand.
Isaiah 29:15 Trouble awaits those who try to hide their plans from God; they do their deeds in secret and think, "Who sees us? Who knows what we're doing?"
Isaiah 29:16 Thinking you can twist things will be seen as silly as clay questioning the potter: Can what is made say to the one who made it, "You didn't make me"? Or can a creation say to its creator, "You don't know what you're doing"?
Isaiah 29:17 Won't it soon happen that Lebanon becomes a fertile land, and the fertile land will be considered like a forest?
Isaiah 29:18 On that day, the deaf will hear the words of the book, and the blind will see, even from darkness.
Isaiah 29:19 Humble people will find more joy in God, and the needy will celebrate the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 29:20 The dreadful one is defeated, the mocker is destroyed, and all who look for evil are stopped.
Isaiah 29:21 They make a person guilty because of a single word, set traps for those who correct in public, and twist the truth to harm the innocent for no reason.
Isaiah 29:22 So God, who saved Abraham, says about Jacob's family: Jacob won't be ashamed now, nor will his face turn pale.
Isaiah 29:23 But when he sees his children, my creation, around him, they will honor my name, respect the Holy One of Jacob, and fear the God of Israel.
Isaiah 29:24 Those who were confused will understand, and those who complained will learn what to believe.

Isaiah 30:1 Trouble to the stubborn children, says God, who make plans without including me, and who make agreements without my spirit, only adding more wrongdoings to their sins.
Isaiah 30:2 They go to Egypt without asking me, seeking help from Pharaoh's power and putting their trust in Egypt's protection!
Isaiah 30:3 So, relying on Pharaoh will embarrass you, and trusting in Egypt will bring you confusion.
Isaiah 30:4 His leaders were in Zoan, and his messengers went to Hanes.
Isaiah 30:5 They all felt ashamed because of a nation that could not bring them any benefit or help, but only brought them shame and disgrace.
Isaiah 30:6 The heavy loads of the southern animals: they go to a land of trouble and pain, where lions and poisonous snakes live. They will put their wealth on young donkeys and their valuables on camels, and take them to a people who won't help them.
Isaiah 30:7 The Egyptians will try to help, but it will be useless and pointless; that's why I said, "They can only sit still."
Isaiah 30:8 Go, write this down on a tablet in front of them, and record it in a book, so it will last forever and be remembered always.
Isaiah 30:9 These are defiant people, dishonest kids, kids who won't listen to God's teachings.
Isaiah 30:10 They tell the seers, "Don't see," and the prophets, "Don't tell us the truth. Tell us nice things, lie to us."
Isaiah 30:11 Move away from the road, step aside from the path, and stop making us deal with the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 30:12 Therefore, the Holy One of Israel says, because you reject this message and rely on oppression and deceit, and depend on them:
Isaiah 30:13 This wrong will be like a crack in a wall that's about to collapse—a bulge in a tall wall that will break suddenly, without warning.
Isaiah 30:14 He will smash it like a potter's jar shattered into bits; he won't hold back. So, when it breaks, there won't be a piece left to carry coals from the fire or scoop water from a well.
Isaiah 30:15 God, the Holy One of Israel, says this: You will be saved by turning back and resting; your strength will be in calmness and trust, but you did not want this.
Isaiah 30:16 But you said, "No, we will escape on horses." So you will run away. And you said, "We will ride fast horses." So those chasing you will be fast.
Isaiah 30:17 A thousand will run away because one person scolds them; because five scold you, you will run away. You will be left alone like a flag on a mountain, like a banner on a hill.
Isaiah 30:18 So God will wait to be kind to you, and then he will rise up to show you mercy. For God decides what is right; happy are all who wait for him.
Isaiah 30:19 The people will live in Zion in Jerusalem; you will not cry anymore. God will be very kind to you when you call out; when he hears, he will respond to you.
Isaiah 30:20 Even if God gives you hard times and suffering, your teachers won't be hidden away anymore, and you will be able to see your teachers.
Isaiah 30:21 You will hear a voice behind you saying, "This is the path, follow it," whether you go right or left.
Isaiah 30:22 You will also make your silver idols and your gold statues unclean. You will throw them away like a dirty cloth and say to them, "Get away from here."
Isaiah 30:23 God will send rain for your seeds you plant in the soil; you'll have bread from the earth's bounty, and it will be rich and abundant. On that day, your livestock will graze in spacious meadows.
Isaiah 30:24 The oxen and young donkeys that plow the land will eat pure food, which has been sifted with a shovel and a fan.
Isaiah 30:25 On every tall mountain and every high hill, there will be rivers and streams of water on the day of the great killing, when the towers collapse.
Isaiah 30:26 The moon will shine as brightly as the sun, and the sun will shine seven times brighter, like seven days combined, when God repairs his people's harm and heals their injuries.
Isaiah 30:27 Look, God's name comes from afar, blazing with his anger, and the weight is great: his lips are full of wrath, and his tongue is like a consuming fire.
Isaiah 30:28 His breath, like a flood, will come up to the neck, to separate the nations with a useless sieve; and there will be a bit in the mouths of the people, making them wander off course.
Isaiah 30:29 You will sing like on a holy night celebration; your hearts will be joyful like when someone plays a flute going to God's mountain, to the great God of Israel.
Isaiah 30:30 God will make his mighty voice heard and show the striking power of his arm, with fierce anger, and with flames of a consuming fire, with storms, and strong winds, and hailstones.
Isaiah 30:31 Because of God's command, the Assyrian will be defeated, the one who struck with a stick.
Isaiah 30:32 Everywhere the staff touches, as God decides, there will be music with drums and harps; and with it, He will fight in the trembling battles.
Isaiah 30:33 Tophet was set up long ago; it is made ready for the king. It is deep and wide, with a big pile of fire and wood. God's breath, like a sulfur stream, lights it.

Isaiah 31:1 Pity those who look to Egypt for help, relying on horses, trusting in many chariots and strong horsemen, but not turning to Israel's Holy One or seeking God!
Isaiah 31:2 He is wise too and will cause trouble. He won't take back his words; instead, he will stand up against the bad people's house and those who do wrong.
Isaiah 31:3 The Egyptians are human, not God; their horses are flesh, not spirit. When God reaches out, both the helper and the helped will fall, and they will all fail together.
Isaiah 31:4 God told me, like a lion or a young lion growling over its catch, isn't scared when shepherds come against it and doesn't care about their noise, so will God come to fight for Mount Zion and its hill.
Isaiah 31:5 Like birds flying, God will protect Jerusalem; He will also save it and watch over it.
Isaiah 31:6 Turn back to God, who the people of Israel have greatly turned away from.
Isaiah 31:7 On that day, everyone will throw away their silver and gold idols, which you made with your hands and which cause you to sin.
Isaiah 31:8 Then the Assyrian will be defeated by the sword, not by a powerful man; and the sword, not by an ordinary man, will destroy him. But he will run away from the sword, and his soldiers will be scattered.
Isaiah 31:9 He will go to his strong place because he is scared, and his leaders will fear the flag, says God, who has fire in Zion and a furnace in Jerusalem.

Isaiah 32:1 Look, a king will rule rightly, and leaders will govern fairly.
Isaiah 32:2 A person will be like a shelter from the wind, and a secret place from the storm; like streams of water in a dry land, like the shade of a big rock in a tired country.
Isaiah 32:3 The eyes of those who can see will be clear, and the ears of those who can hear will listen.
Isaiah 32:4 Even impulsive people will learn wisdom, and those who stutter will speak clearly.
Isaiah 32:5 The bad person will not be called generous, and the stingy will not be said to be giving.
Isaiah 32:6 The bad person will talk nastily, and his heart will do wrong, to act fake, and to speak lies about God, to leave the hungry with nothing, and he will make the thirsty have no drink.
Isaiah 32:7 The tools of the mean person are bad: he plans evil schemes to hurt the poor with false words, even when the poor speak the truth.
Isaiah 32:8 The generous person plans generous actions, and through generous actions, they will succeed.
Isaiah 32:9 Stand up, you women who are comfortable; listen to my voice, you daughters who are not worried; pay attention to what I say.
Isaiah 32:10 You will have many troubled days and years, you who are carefree: because there will be no grapes to harvest, and the gathering will not happen.
Isaiah 32:11 Shake with fear, you women who are relaxed; get worried, you who feel secure: take off your clothes, dress in rough sackcloth around your waists.
Isaiah 32:12 They will mourn for the breasts, for the lovely fields, for the thriving grapevine.
Isaiah 32:13 Thorns and briers will grow on my people's land; yes, even on all the happy homes in the joyful city.
Isaiah 32:14 The grand buildings will be empty; the city will be deserted; the strongholds and towers will become hiding places forever, a delight for wild donkeys, a grazing land for flocks.
Isaiah 32:15 Until God gives us His Spirit from above, and the desert becomes a fertile land, and the fertile land is considered a forest.
Isaiah 32:16 Then fair judgment will live in the desert, and goodness will stay in the fertile land.
Isaiah 32:17 Doing what is right will bring peace; and living rightly will bring calm and safety always.
Isaiah 32:18 My people will live in peaceful homes, safe houses, and quiet resting places.
Isaiah 32:19 When it hails, falling on the forest, the city will be down in a low place.
Isaiah 32:20 Happy are you who plant by all waters, who let the ox and donkey work freely.

Isaiah 33:1 How terrible for you who destroy others when you have not been destroyed yourself, who betray others when no one has betrayed you! When you stop destroying, you will be destroyed; when you stop betraying, betrayal will come to you.
Isaiah 33:2 God, be kind to us; we have waited for you. Be their strength every morning, and our rescue when trouble comes.
Isaiah 33:3 When the loud noise came, people ran away; when you showed your power, countries split apart.
Isaiah 33:4 Your loot will be collected as caterpillars do, and like swarms of locusts moving back and forth, it will be taken away.
Isaiah 33:5 God is lifted up; for he lives on high: he has filled Zion with fairness and goodness.
Isaiah 33:6 Wisdom and knowledge will make your times stable, and will be the strength of your safety; respecting God is his treasure.
Isaiah 33:7 Look, their brave people will cry loudly outside; the peacemakers will cry sadly.
Isaiah 33:8 The roads are empty, no one travels on them; he has broken the promise, he has no respect for the cities, he cares about no one.
Isaiah 33:9 The earth is sad and weak: Lebanon is embarrassed and cut down: Sharon is like a desert; and Bashan and Carmel lose their fruit.
Isaiah 33:10 Now I will get up, says God; now I will be lifted high; now I will raise myself up.
Isaiah 33:11 You will get pregnant with useless stuff, you will give birth to waste: your own breath, like fire, will consume you.
Isaiah 33:12 The people will be like lime burning up; like cut thorns, they will be burned in the fire.
Isaiah 33:13 Listen, those who are far away, see what I have done; and those who are close, recognize my power.
Isaiah 33:14 The wrongdoers in Zion are scared; sudden fear has shocked the fakers. Who among us can live with the consuming fire? Who among us can live with eternal flames?
Isaiah 33:15 The person who lives right and speaks fairly, who hates unfair gain, who refuses bribes, who does not listen to plots of murder, and who does not look at evil things.
Isaiah 33:16 He will live in a high place; his fortress will be strong cliffs: He will have bread and a steady water supply.
Isaiah 33:17 Your eyes will see the king in his beauty; they will look at a land that is far away.
Isaiah 33:18 Your heart will think about fear. Where is the writer? Where is the collector? Where is the one who counted the towers?
Isaiah 33:19 You will not see a fierce people, people whose speech is too complex for you to understand; people who speak with a stutter that you cannot comprehend.
Isaiah 33:20 Look at Zion, the city of our celebrations: you will see Jerusalem as a peaceful home, a tent that won't be destroyed; none of its pegs will ever be taken out, and none of its ropes will break.
Isaiah 33:21 In that place, God will be like a land with wide rivers and streams, where no rowboats or great ships will sail.
Isaiah 33:22 God is our judge, God makes our laws, God is our king; he will save us.
Isaiah 33:23 Your ropes are untied; they cannot secure the mast or spread the sail. Then the great treasures are shared; even the disabled get a share.
Isaiah 33:24 No one living there will say, "I am sick." The people there will be forgiven for the wrong things they have done.

Isaiah 34:1 Come close, all you countries, to listen; and pay attention, all you peoples: let the earth and everything on it hear; the world and all that comes out of it.
Isaiah 34:2 God is angry with all nations and furious with their armies; he has completely destroyed them and handed them over to be killed.
Isaiah 34:3 Their dead bodies will be thrown away, and they will smell bad. The mountains will flow with their blood.
Isaiah 34:4 Every star in the sky will disappear, and the sky will close up like a scroll. All the stars will fall, like leaves drop from a grapevine, and like figs drop from a fig tree.
Isaiah 34:5 My sword will be ready in the sky; it will fall on Edom and the people I have decided to punish, for punishment.
Isaiah 34:6 God's sword is covered with blood, it is thick with fat, from the blood of lambs and goats, and from the fat of ram's kidneys: because God has a sacrifice in Bozrah and a big killing in the land of Idumea.
Isaiah 34:7 The unicorns will come down with them, and the young bulls with the grown bulls; their land will be wet with blood, and their soil rich with fat.
Isaiah 34:8 It is the day of God's revenge, and the time to pay back for the dispute over Zion.
Isaiah 34:9 Its rivers will turn into tar, its soil into sulfur, and its ground will burn like tar.
Isaiah 34:10 It will not stop burning day or night; its smoke will rise forever. It will remain empty from one generation to another; no one will ever pass through it again.
Isaiah 34:11 The cormorant and bittern will live there; the owl and raven will make it their home. God will mark it with lines of chaos and stones of emptiness.
Isaiah 34:12 They will invite its nobles to rule, but no one will be there, and all its leaders will become nothing.
Isaiah 34:13 Thorns will grow in her palaces, nettles and brambles in her strongholds; it will be a home for dragons and a place for owls.
Isaiah 34:14 Desert animals will meet with island creatures, and goat-demons will call to each other; the night bird will also settle there and find a resting place.
Isaiah 34:15 The great owl will build its nest there, lay eggs, hatch them, and protect them under its wings; vultures will also meet there, each with its partner.
Isaiah 34:16 Look in God's book and read: none of these will be missing, none will be without a partner, because God has ordered it, and his spirit has brought them together.
Isaiah 34:17 He has decided their share by casting lots, and his hand has distributed it to them with measuring lines: they will own it forever, and they will live there from one generation to the next.

Isaiah 35:1 The wild and lonely areas will be happy for them; and the desert will be joyful and bloom like a rose.
Isaiah 35:2 It will bloom a lot and be happy with joy and singing. Lebanon's beauty will belong to it, as well as the greatness of Carmel and Sharon. They will see God's glory and greatness.
Isaiah 35:3 Make weak hands strong and steady shaking knees.
Isaiah 35:4 Tell those who are scared, "Be brave, don't be afraid. Look, your God will come to punish, God will come to repay; he will come and rescue you."
Isaiah 35:5 The eyes of those who cannot see will be opened, and the ears of those who cannot hear will be cleared.
Isaiah 35:6 Then the crippled person will jump like a deer, and the mute person's tongue will sing. For water will flow in the wasteland, and rivers in the dry land.
Isaiah 35:7 The dry ground will turn into pools, and the thirsty earth will have water springs. Where dragons once lived, there will be grass with reeds and rushes.
Isaiah 35:8 A road will be there, a path called the Holy Way. Impure people won't travel on it. It's for God's people; even if they are not wise, they will not go the wrong way.
Isaiah 35:9 No lion or fierce animal will be there, none will be found there; but those saved by God will walk there.
Isaiah 35:10 God's rescued people will come back and arrive at Zion singing, with endless joy. They will be happy and joyful, while sadness and sighing will disappear.

Isaiah 36:1 In the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah's rule, Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, attacked all the fortified cities of Judah and captured them.
Isaiah 36:2 The king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem to King Hezekiah with a big army. He stood near the water channel of the upper pool on the road by the laundry workers' field.
Isaiah 36:3 Eliakim, son of Hilkiah, the palace manager, Shebna the secretary, and Joah, son of Asaph the record keeper, went to meet him.
Isaiah 36:4 Rabshakeh said to them, Tell Hezekiah, The great king, the king of Assyria, asks, 'What is this trust you have?'
Isaiah 36:5 I say, you claim (but those are just empty words) that I have advice and power for war. Now, who do you rely on when you rebel against me?
Isaiah 36:6 Look, you rely on the support of this weak reed, which is Egypt. If someone leans on it, it will break and stab their hand. That's how Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, is to all who trust in him.
Isaiah 36:7 But if you say to me, "We trust in God our God," isn't it the same one whose high places and altars Hezekiah removed, telling Judah and Jerusalem, "You must worship at this altar"?
Isaiah 36:8 So now, please promise my master, the king of Assyria, and I will give you two thousand horses, if you have enough riders for them.
Isaiah 36:9 How can you then scare off even a single one of my master's lowest officers and rely on Egypt for chariots and cavalry?
Isaiah 36:10 Have I come to attack this land without God's guidance? God told me to go and destroy it.
Isaiah 36:11 Eliakim, Shebna, and Joah said to Rabshakeh, "Please talk to your servants in the Syrian language, because we understand it. Don't talk to us in the Jewish language where the people on the wall can hear."
Isaiah 36:12 But the official said, "Did my master send me to your master and to you to say these things? Didn't he send me to the people sitting on the wall, so that they will have to eat their waste and drink their urine with you?"
Isaiah 36:13 Then Rabshakeh stood up and shouted in the Jewish language, "Listen to the words of the great king, the king of Assyria."
Isaiah 36:14 The king says, don't let Hezekiah trick you; he won't be able to save you.
Isaiah 36:15 Do not let Hezekiah convince you to trust in God, saying, "God will surely save us: this city will not be given to the king of Assyria."
Isaiah 36:16 Do not listen to Hezekiah. The king of Assyria says, "Make a deal with me by giving me a present, and come out to me. Then each of you can eat from your own grapevines and fig trees, and drink water from your own wells."
Isaiah 36:17 Until I come and bring you to a place like your own, a land with grain and wine, a land with bread and vineyards.
Isaiah 36:18 Be careful that Hezekiah doesn't convince you by saying, 'God will save us.' Has any nation's god rescued its land from the king of Assyria?
Isaiah 36:19 Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? Where are the gods of Sepharvaim? Could they save Samaria from my power?
Isaiah 36:20 Which gods of these lands have saved their lands from me, that God should save Jerusalem from me?
Isaiah 36:21 They stayed quiet and did not speak a word to him because the king had ordered, "Do not answer him."
Isaiah 36:22 Eliakim, Hilkiah's son who managed the household, Shebna the secretary, and Joah, Asaph's son and the historian, went to Hezekiah with their clothes torn and told him what Rabshakeh had said.

Isaiah 37:1 When King Hezekiah heard this, he tore his clothes, put on sackcloth, and went into God's house.
Isaiah 37:2 He sent Eliakim, the household manager, Shebna the secretary, and the senior priests in mourning clothes to Isaiah the prophet, Amoz's son.
Isaiah 37:3 They told him, "Hezekiah says, 'Today is a day of trouble, criticism, and disrespect: the babies are ready to be born, but there is no strength to deliver them.'"
Isaiah 37:4 It's possible God will hear what Rabshakeh has said, sent by the king of Assyria to insult the true God, and will correct what God has heard. So, pray for the survivors who remain.
Isaiah 37:5 King Hezekiah's servants went to Isaiah.
Isaiah 37:6 Isaiah told them, "Tell your master, 'God says, Do not fear the words you've heard, which the king of Assyria's servants have used to insult me.'"
Isaiah 37:7 I will send a disaster against him. He will hear a rumor and go back to his land. There, he will die by the sword.
Isaiah 37:8 So Rabshakeh went back and found the king of Assyria fighting against Libnah because he heard that the king had left Lachish.
Isaiah 37:9 He heard that Tirhakah, the king of Ethiopia, was coming to fight you. So he sent messengers to Hezekiah with this message.
Isaiah 37:10 Tell Hezekiah, king of Judah, this: Don't let your God, who you trust, trick you into thinking that Jerusalem won't be handed over to the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 37:11 Look, you have heard what the kings of Assyria did to all countries by completely destroying them; can you really be saved?
Isaiah 37:12 Did the gods of other nations save the cities my ancestors destroyed, like Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the people of Eden in Telassar?
Isaiah 37:13 Where is the king of Hamath, the king of Arphad, and the king of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?
Isaiah 37:14 Hezekiah got the letter from the messengers and read it. Then he went to God's house and laid it out before God.
Isaiah 37:15 Hezekiah prayed to God, saying,
Isaiah 37:16 God of heaven's armies, the God of Israel, who sits above the angelic creatures, you are the only God of all the earth's nations: you created the sky and the land.
Isaiah 37:17 Listen to me, God, and hear; open your eyes, God, and see; and hear everything Sennacherib has said to insult you, the living God.
Isaiah 37:18 Truly, God, the kings of Assyria have destroyed all the nations and their lands.
Isaiah 37:19 They threw their gods into the fire because they were not real gods, just things made by human hands from wood and stone, so they destroyed them.
Isaiah 37:20 So now, our God, save us from his power, so all the countries of the world will know that you are God, and only you.
Isaiah 37:21 Isaiah son of Amoz sent a message to Hezekiah, saying, "God of Israel says, because you prayed to me about Sennacherib king of Assyria:
Isaiah 37:22 This is what God has said about him: The young woman, the city of Zion, looks down on you and laughs at you; the city of Jerusalem shakes her head at you.
Isaiah 37:23 Who have you insulted and spoken against? And who have you raised your voice and looked at with pride? Even against the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 37:24 Your servants insulted God, saying, "With my many chariots I climbed mountain peaks, Lebanon's edges; I'll chop its tall cedars, best firs; I'll reach its far heights, Carmel's woods."
Isaiah 37:25 I have dug and drunk water; and with my feet I have dried up all the rivers of the attacked places.
Isaiah 37:26 Didn't you hear a long time ago how I made it happen, and from long ago that I planned it? Now I have made it happen, so that you could turn fortified cities into piles of ruins.
Isaiah 37:27 So the people living there were weak, scared, and confused. They were like field grass, green plants, grass on roofs, and grain wilted before it grows.
Isaiah 37:28 I know where you live, how you go out and come in, and how angry you are with me.
Isaiah 37:29 Because you are angry with me and I have heard your noise, I will put a hook in your nose and a bit in your mouth, and I will make you go back the way you came.
Isaiah 37:30 This will be a sign for you: This year, you will eat what grows by itself; the next year, what comes from that; but in the third year, plant crops, harvest them, grow vineyards, and eat their fruit.
Isaiah 37:31 The survivors from the family of Judah will again put down roots and grow fruit.
Isaiah 37:32 From Jerusalem, a group will survive, and some will flee from Mount Zion; God's intense dedication will make this happen.
Isaiah 37:33 So, God says about the king of Assyria: He will not enter this city, shoot an arrow here, come near it with shields, or build a siege ramp against it.
Isaiah 37:34 He will go back the way he came and will not enter this city, says God.
Isaiah 37:35 I will protect this city and save it for myself and for my servant David.
Isaiah 37:36 Then God's angel went out and struck down 185,000 in the Assyrian camp. When people got up the next morning, everyone was dead.
Isaiah 37:37 So Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, left, went back, and stayed in Nineveh.
Isaiah 37:38 While he was praying in Nisroch's temple, his sons Adrammelech and Sharezer killed him with a sword and then ran away to Armenia. After that, his son Esarhaddon became the new king.

Isaiah 38:1 Hezekiah was very sick and near death. The prophet Isaiah, Amoz's son, came to him and said, "God says, 'Get your home ready, because you are going to die; you will not survive.'"
Isaiah 38:2 Hezekiah turned to face the wall and prayed to God.
Isaiah 38:3 He said, "Please remember, God, how I have lived in truth before you with a faithful heart, doing what is good in your eyes." And Hezekiah cried a lot.
Isaiah 38:4 God spoke to Isaiah, saying,
Isaiah 38:5 Go and tell Hezekiah, 'God, the God of your ancestor David, says: I have heard your prayer and seen your tears. Look, I will extend your life by fifteen years.'
Isaiah 38:6 I will save you and this city from the king of Assyria's control, and I will protect this city.
Isaiah 38:7 This will be a sign for you from God: God will do what he has said.
Isaiah 38:8 Look, I will make the shadow that has moved down Ahaz's sundial go back ten steps. So the shadow moved back ten steps from where it had gone down.
Isaiah 38:9 This is the message from Hezekiah, the king of Judah, when he was sick and then got better from his illness.
Isaiah 38:10 I said when my life was being cut short, I will go to the gates of death: I will miss out on the rest of my years.
Isaiah 38:11 I said, I will not see God, God, among those alive: I will no longer see people with those on earth.
Isaiah 38:12 My life has passed and is gone like a shepherd's tent: I have ended my own life like a weaver: God will finish me off with wasting illness: from day to night you will end me.
Isaiah 38:13 I thought until morning that, like a lion, he would break all my bones; from day to night you will finish me.
Isaiah 38:14 Like a bird or a swallow, I chirped: I cried like a dove: my eyes are tired from looking up: Oh God, I am overwhelmed; help me.
Isaiah 38:15 What should I say? God has spoken to me and made it happen: I will walk gently all my life feeling the bitterness in my heart.
Isaiah 38:16 God, by these things people live, and in all these is my spirit's life: so you will heal me and let me live.
Isaiah 38:17 Look, I was very bitter when I wanted peace, but because you love me, you saved me from total destruction; you have put all my sins out of sight.
Isaiah 38:18 The grave cannot praise you, death cannot honor you; those who go into the pit cannot hope for your truth.
Isaiah 38:19 Living people will praise you, just like I do today; parents will tell their children about your truth.
Isaiah 38:20 God was ready to save me, so we will sing my songs with stringed instruments every day of our life in God's house.
Isaiah 38:21 Isaiah said, "Let them take a lump of figs and put it on the boil as a poultice, and he will get better."
Isaiah 38:22 Hezekiah also asked, "What is the sign that I will go to God's house?"

Isaiah 39:1 At that time, Merodachbaladan, son of Baladan and king of Babylon, sent letters and a gift to Hezekiah because he heard that Hezekiah had been ill and had gotten better.
Isaiah 39:2 Hezekiah was happy with them and showed them his treasury, the silver, gold, spices, fine oil, his armory, and everything in his treasures: he kept nothing hidden from them in his house or his rule.
Isaiah 39:3 Isaiah the prophet went to King Hezekiah and asked him, "What did these men say, and where did they come from to visit you?" Hezekiah replied, "They came to me from a distant country, from Babylon."
Isaiah 39:4 He asked, "What did they see in your house?" And Hezekiah replied, "They saw everything in my house; there's nothing in my treasures I didn't show them."
Isaiah 39:5 Then Isaiah said to Hezekiah, "Listen to the message from God:"
Isaiah 39:6 The time will come when everything in your house and everything your ancestors saved up until now will be taken to Babylon; nothing will remain, says God.
Isaiah 39:7 From your children, whom you will father, they will take some to be eunuchs in the palace of the Babylonian king.
Isaiah 39:8 Hezekiah told Isaiah, "God's message you gave is good. Also, there will be peace and truth while I live."

Isaiah 40:1 Comfort my people, comfort them, says your God.
Isaiah 40:2 Talk kindly to Jerusalem, and tell her that her struggle is over, that her wrongs are forgiven, because she has received from God twice as much as she deserved for all her sins.
Isaiah 40:3 The voice of someone shouting in the wilderness says, "Get ready for God's coming; clear a straight path for our God in the desert."
Isaiah 40:4 Every valley will be lifted up, and every mountain and hill will be brought down; the crooked will be straightened, and the rough areas will be smoothed out.
Isaiah 40:5 God's glory will be shown, and everyone will see it because God has said it would happen.
Isaiah 40:6 The voice said, "Shout." And he asked, "What should I shout?" All people are like grass, and their beauty is like the flowers in the field.
Isaiah 40:7 The grass dries up, the flower wilts when God's breath blows on it; indeed, people are like grass.
Isaiah 40:8 The grass dries up, the flower wilts, but God's word will last forever.
Isaiah 40:9 O Zion, who brings good news, go up the high mountain; O Jerusalem, who brings good news, raise your voice loudly; raise it, do not be afraid; tell the cities of Judah, See your God!
Isaiah 40:10 Look, God will come with power, and his arm will have authority: see, his reward is with him, and his task is in front of him.
Isaiah 40:11 He will care for his flock like a shepherd: he will gather the young lambs with his arm, hold them close, and gently guide the mothers.
Isaiah 40:12 Who has measured the waters in the palm of his hand, and measured the sky with his hand's width, and calculated the earth's dust in a container, and weighed the mountains on scales, and the hills with a balance?
Isaiah 40:13 Who has guided the Spirit of God, or as his advisor, has taught him?
Isaiah 40:14 Who gave him advice, and who taught him, and showed him how to judge rightly, and gave him knowledge, and showed him how to understand?
Isaiah 40:15 Look, the countries are like a drop from a bucket, and they are like fine dust on scales: look, he picks up the islands as if they are very small.
Isaiah 40:16 Lebanon does not have enough wood for a fire, nor enough animals for a sacrifice.
Isaiah 40:17 To God, all nations are nothing; they are worth less than nothing, just emptiness.
Isaiah 40:18 Who will you compare to God? Or what image will you compare to him?
Isaiah 40:19 The worker makes a carved idol, the goldsmith covers it with gold, and makes silver chains for it.
Isaiah 40:20 The poor person without a gift picks a lasting tree and finds a skilled craftsman to make a carved idol that won't fall over.
Isaiah 40:21 Haven't you known? Haven't you heard? Hasn't someone told you from the start? Haven't you understood since the world was made?
Isaiah 40:22 God sits above the circle of the earth, and its people are like grasshoppers; He stretches out the sky like a curtain and spreads it out like a tent for living.
Isaiah 40:23 God reduces rulers to nothing; He makes the judges of the earth worthless.
Isaiah 40:24 Yes, they will not be planted; yes, they will not be sown; yes, their stem will not root in the ground: and when he breathes on them, they will dry up, and the storm will sweep them away like straw.
Isaiah 40:25 Who can you compare to me? Who is my equal? asks the Holy One.
Isaiah 40:26 Look up to the sky and see who made these stars. God brings them out one by one and knows each by name. Because of his great strength and power, not a single one is missing.
Isaiah 40:27 Why do you say, Jacob, and complain, Israel, "My path is hidden from God, and my rights are ignored by my God"?
Isaiah 40:28 Don't you know? Haven't you heard that the eternal God, the creator of the whole earth, never gets tired or weary? No one can understand how deep his wisdom is.
Isaiah 40:29 He gives strength to the tired and gives more power to the weak.
Isaiah 40:30 Young people will get tired and worn out, and young men will stumble and fall.
Isaiah 40:31 Those who trust in God will gain new strength; they will soar high on wings like eagles; they will run without getting tired; they will walk without giving up.

Isaiah 41:1 Stay quiet before me, islands; and let the people get their strength back: let them approach; then let them talk: let's come close to make a decision together.
Isaiah 41:2 Who brought the good man from the east, called him to follow, handed nations to him, and let him govern kings? He made them like dust to his sword and like scattered straw to his bow.
Isaiah 41:3 He chased them and went safely on a path where he had never walked before.
Isaiah 41:4 Who has made and done this, calling the generations from the start? I, God, the first, and with the last; I am the one.
Isaiah 41:5 The islands saw it and were scared; the farthest parts of the earth felt fear, moved closer, and arrived.
Isaiah 41:6 They each helped their neighbor and said to their brother, "Have courage."
Isaiah 41:7 The carpenter cheered on the goldsmith, and the one who hammered helped the one at the anvil, saying, "It's ready to be soldered." Then he nailed it down so it wouldn't move.
Isaiah 41:8 You, Israel, are my servant, you are Jacob, whom I have chosen, the descendant of Abraham, my friend.
Isaiah 41:9 I have brought you from the farthest parts of the earth, called you from its leaders, and said to you, 'You are my servant; I have chosen you and not rejected you.'
Isaiah 41:10 Do not be afraid, for I am with you; do not be upset, for I am your God. I will make you strong; yes, I will help you; indeed, I will support you with my righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:11 Look, all who were angry with you will feel shame and be embarrassed; they will become nothing, and those who fight you will be destroyed.
Isaiah 41:12 You will look for them, but you won't find them—those who fought against you. Those who wage war against you will be nothing, like something that doesn't exist.
Isaiah 41:13 I, God, will hold your right hand and say to you, do not be afraid; I will help you.
Isaiah 41:14 Don't be afraid, Jacob, you weak people of Israel; I will help you, says God, your savior, the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 41:15 Look, I will make you into a new sharp tool with teeth for threshing: you will crush the mountains, break them into pieces, and turn the hills into dust.
Isaiah 41:16 You will scatter them with a fan, and the wind will take them away; the storm will spread them out. And you will be happy with God, celebrating the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 41:17 When the poor and needy look for water and find none, and they are too thirsty to speak, I, God, will listen to them, I, the God of Israel, will not abandon them.
Isaiah 41:18 I will create rivers on the mountains and springs in the valleys; I will turn the desert into a place with pools of water, and the dry ground into sources of water.
Isaiah 41:19 I will put cedar, acacia, myrtle, and olive trees in the wild; I will place fir, pine, and cypress trees together in the desert.
Isaiah 41:20 So they can see, know, think about, and understand that God has done this, and the Holy One of Israel has made it.
Isaiah 41:21 Explain your case, says God; present your best arguments, says the King of Jacob.
Isaiah 41:22 Let them present and tell us what will happen: show us past events, so we can think about them and understand their outcomes; or tell us about the future.
Isaiah 41:23 Show us what will happen in the future so we may know you are gods. Do something, good or bad, so we will be amazed and see it together.
Isaiah 41:24 Look, you are nothing, and your work is worthless; anyone who chooses you is detestable.
Isaiah 41:25 I have brought up someone from the north, and he will come; from where the sun rises, he will call on my name: and he will crush leaders as if they were mortar, just like a potter steps on clay.
Isaiah 41:26 Who has told us from the start, so we can know? And in advance, so we can say, He is good? Truly, no one shows it, no one announces it, no one hears your words.
Isaiah 41:27 The first will tell Zion, "Look, here they are." And I will send to Jerusalem someone who brings good news.
Isaiah 41:28 I looked, and there was no one; no one was there to advise or answer my questions.
Isaiah 41:29 Look, they are all useless; their deeds are worth nothing: their metal idols are just air and chaos.

Isaiah 42:1 Look at my servant, who I support; my chosen one, who pleases me; I have given him my spirit: he will bring fair judgment to the nations.
Isaiah 42:2 He will not shout or raise his voice or make it heard in the street.
Isaiah 42:3 He won't break a hurt reed, and he won't put out a weak flame: he will make sure that justice leads to truth.
Isaiah 42:4 He will not fail or lose heart until he establishes justice on earth; and the islands will look forward to his teachings.
Isaiah 42:5 God says, he who made the sky and stretched it wide; he who laid out the earth and all that grows from it; he who gives breath to its people, and life to those who walk on it:
Isaiah 42:6 I, God, have called you to do right, and will take your hand, and will protect you, and make you a promise to the people, a light for all nations.
Isaiah 42:7 To give sight to the blind, to free the prisoners, and to lead those in darkness out of jail.
Isaiah 42:8 I am God, that is my name; I will not give my glory to another, nor my praise to idols.
Isaiah 42:9 Look, what happened before has happened, and now I tell you about new things: before they start to happen, I inform you.
Isaiah 42:10 Sing to God a new song and praise him from all over the earth, you who go to the sea and everything in it, the islands, and the people who live there.
Isaiah 42:11 Let the wild areas and their towns raise their voices, the settlements where Kedar lives: let the people of the cliffs sing, let them yell from the mountain tops.
Isaiah 42:12 Let them honor God and tell of his praise on the islands.
Isaiah 42:13 God will go out like a strong man. He will wake up jealousy like a soldier ready to fight. He will shout and roar. He will win against his enemies.
Isaiah 42:14 I have been quiet for a long time; I have been still and held back. Now I will cry out like a woman in labor; I will destroy and devour quickly.
Isaiah 42:15 I will destroy mountains and hills, and dry up all their plants; and I will turn rivers into dry land, and I will dry up the ponds.
Isaiah 42:16 I will guide the blind on unfamiliar paths; I will take them on routes they don't know. I will turn the dark into light for them and make the rough places smooth. I will do these things for them and not leave them alone.
Isaiah 42:17 They will turn back and be very ashamed, those who trust in carved idols and tell the metal images, "You are our gods."
Isaiah 42:18 Listen, you who cannot hear; and you who cannot see, look so that you may see.
Isaiah 42:19 Who is blind except my servant? Or who is deaf like the messenger I send? Who is as blind as the one in right standing, and as blind as God's servant?
Isaiah 42:20 You see many things but don't notice; you open your ears but don't hear.
Isaiah 42:21 God is happy because of his goodness; he will make his laws great and respected.
Isaiah 42:22 These people are robbed and looted; they are all trapped in pits and hidden in jails. They are hunted, with no one to save them; they are taken, with no one saying, "Give back."
Isaiah 42:23 Who among you will listen to this? Who will pay attention and listen for the future?
Isaiah 42:24 Who let Jacob be taken and Israel be robbed? Wasn't it God, whom we sinned against? They wouldn't follow His path or obey His rules.
Isaiah 42:25 So God has poured out his anger on him and sent the power of war. It has set him on fire all around, but he did not understand. It burned him, but he did not take it seriously.

Isaiah 43:1 But now, God who made you, Jacob, and shaped you, Israel, says: Don't be afraid, for I have saved you; I have called you by your name; you are mine.
Isaiah 43:2 When you go through the waters, I will be with you; and when you go through the rivers, they won't flood you: when you walk through the fire, you won't be burned; and the flame won't set you on fire.
Isaiah 43:3 I am your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior: I traded Egypt, Ethiopia, and Seba for your freedom.
Isaiah 43:4 Because you are valuable to me, you are honored, and I love you: so I will trade other people for you and give nations in exchange for your life.
Isaiah 43:5 Do not be afraid, for I am with you. I will bring your offspring from the east and gather you from the west.
Isaiah 43:6 I will tell the north, 'Let go,' and the south, 'Don't hold back.' Bring my sons from distant places, and my daughters from the ends of the earth.
Isaiah 43:7 Everyone who is known by my name, I created for my glory; I shaped them and made them.
Isaiah 43:8 Bring out the blind who can see, and the deaf who can hear.
Isaiah 43:9 Let all countries come together, and the people gather: who can tell us about this and show us what happened before? Let them present their witnesses to prove they are right, or listen and say, "It is true."
Isaiah 43:10 You are my witnesses, says God, and the servant I have chosen: so you will know and believe me, and realize that I am the one: there was no God before me, nor will there be any after me.
Isaiah 43:11 I am God, and there is no one else who can save.
Isaiah 43:12 I have told you, saved you, and shown you myself when there was no other god with you: so you are my witnesses, says God, that I am the only God.
Isaiah 43:13 Yes, before there was a day, I am he; no one can rescue from my hand: I will act, and who can stop it?
Isaiah 43:14 God says, "I am your rescuer, the Holy One of Israel. For you, I went to Babylon, brought down all their leaders, and the Chaldeans who shout in the ships."
Isaiah 43:15 I am God, your Holy One, the maker of Israel, your King.
Isaiah 43:16 God says, who makes a way in the sea and a path in the strong waters.
Isaiah 43:17 God brings out chariots and horses, armies and strength; they fall and can't get up; they are snuffed out like a flame.
Isaiah 43:18 Don't remember past things or think about old things.
Isaiah 43:19 Look, I will do something new; it will happen soon. Won't you be aware of it? I will make a path in the wild and streams in the dry land.
Isaiah 43:20 The wild animals will honor me, the dragons and the owls, because I provide water in the wild and streams in the desert to give my chosen people something to drink.
Isaiah 43:21 I created these people for myself; they will tell of my praise.
Isaiah 43:22 You have not called on me, O Jacob; you have grown tired of me, O Israel.
Isaiah 43:23 You have not brought me the young animals for your burnt offerings; you have also not honored me with your sacrifices. I have not made you work hard with offerings or tired you with incense.
Isaiah 43:24 You did not buy me sweet cane with money, nor did you offer me the best parts of your sacrifices; but you made me work with your sins, you tired me out with your wrongdoings.
Isaiah 43:25 I am the one who erases your wrongs for my own sake, and I will not remember your sins.
Isaiah 43:26 Remind me; let's discuss it together. You state your case to prove you're right.
Isaiah 43:27 Your first ancestor sinned, and your guides have disobeyed me.
Isaiah 43:28 So I have disgraced the sacred leaders, and let Jacob be cursed, and Israel be insulted.

Isaiah 44:1 Listen now, Jacob my servant, and Israel, whom I have chosen:
Isaiah 44:2 God who created you and shaped you from birth, who will support you, says: Do not be afraid, Jacob, my servant, and Jesurun, whom I have selected.
Isaiah 44:3 I will give water to the thirsty and send streams over the dry land. I will pour my spirit on your descendants and my blessing on your children.
Isaiah 44:4 They will grow like plants in the grass, like willow trees by the streams.
Isaiah 44:5 One will say, "I belong to God"; another will use the name of Jacob for himself; and another will write with his hand, "I am God's," and will take the name of Israel.
Isaiah 44:6 God, the King of Israel, and his rescuer, The Lord of all, says: I am the first, and I am the last; and there is no other God besides me.
Isaiah 44:7 Who else but me can call, announce, and set everything since I chose the old people? Let them reveal the future and what will happen.
Isaiah 44:8 Do not be afraid or scared; haven't I told you before and made it clear? You are my witnesses. Is there any other God besides me? No, there is no other God; I do not know of any.
Isaiah 44:9 People who create idols are without purpose; their cherished objects won't help them; and they testify to their own ignorance, as they cannot see or understand, leading to their shame.
Isaiah 44:10 Who has made a god or cast an idol that is no use at all?
Isaiah 44:11 Look, all his friends will feel shame; and the craftsmen, they are just people: let them all come and stand up; but they will be afraid, and they will all feel shame together.
Isaiah 44:12 The blacksmith uses tongs to work in the coals, shapes it with hammers, and uses his arms' strength; but he gets hungry and weak, doesn't drink water, and feels faint.
Isaiah 44:13 The woodworker measures with a ruler, draws lines, shapes the wood with tools, uses a compass to draw circles, and creates a figure like a person, as beautiful as a person, to stay in the house.
Isaiah 44:14 He cuts down cedars and picks the cypress and oak, which he makes strong among the forest trees: he plants an ash tree, and the rain helps it grow.
Isaiah 44:15 Then it will be used by someone to make a fire; he will take some of it to keep warm, he will start a fire and cook bread. Also, he makes a god and bows down to it; he makes it into an idol and worships it.
Isaiah 44:16 He burns some of it in the fire; with some he eats meat; he cooks a meal and is full. Yes, he warms himself and says, "Ah, I'm warm, I've seen the fire."
Isaiah 44:17 With the rest, he makes an idol, his carved image. He bows down to it, worships it, and prays to it, saying, "Save me, for you are my god."
Isaiah 44:18 They do not know or understand because God has closed their eyes so they cannot see and their hearts so they cannot understand.
Isaiah 44:19 No one thinks to themselves, nor do they realize or understand enough to say, "I have burned some of it in a fire; yes, I have also baked bread on its embers; I have cooked meat and eaten it. Should I then use the rest to make something disgusting? Should I bow down to a piece of wood?"
Isaiah 44:20 He eats ashes: a tricked heart has led him wrong, so he can't save himself, or think, "Isn't there a false thing in my hand?"
Isaiah 44:21 Remember this, Jacob and Israel, because you are my servant. I made you; you are my servant. Israel, I will not forget you.
Isaiah 44:22 I have wiped away your wrongdoings like a heavy cloud, and your sins like a mist. Come back to me, because I have saved you.
Isaiah 44:23 Sing, you heavens, because God has done it; shout, you depths of the earth; burst into song, you mountains, O forest, and every tree in it; for God has saved Jacob and shown his glory in Israel.
Isaiah 44:24 God says, "I am your savior and creator from birth. I am God who makes everything, who stretched out the skies without help, who spread out the earth on my own."
Isaiah 44:25 God frustrates the signs of liars and drives diviners crazy; God makes wise men retreat and turns their knowledge into foolishness.
Isaiah 44:26 God confirms the words of his servant and carries out the plans of his messengers; he tells Jerusalem, "You will be populated," and to the towns of Judah, "You will be rebuilt, and I will restore your ruined places."
Isaiah 44:27 He tells the waters, "Dry up," and I will dry your rivers.
Isaiah 44:28 God calls Cyrus his leader, who will do all that God wants; he will order that Jerusalem be rebuilt and the temple's foundation be laid.

Isaiah 45:1 God says to his chosen one, Cyrus, whose right hand I have held, to defeat nations for him; and I will weaken kings, to open gates with two parts for him; and the gates will not be closed.
Isaiah 45:2 I will go ahead of you and make the twisted paths straight. I will break the bronze gates into pieces and cut through the iron bars.
Isaiah 45:3 I will give you treasures from dark places and hidden wealth from secret spots so you can know that I, God, who calls you by name, am the God of Israel.
Isaiah 45:4 For the sake of my servant Jacob and my chosen Israel, I have called you by name and given you a special title, even though you do not know me.
Isaiah 45:5 I am God, and there is no other; there is no other God besides me. I gave you strength, even though you did not know me.
Isaiah 45:6 So that people can understand from where the sun rises to where it sets that there is no one except me. I am God, and there is no one else.
Isaiah 45:7 I create light and make darkness; I bring peace and create trouble; I, God, do all these things.
Isaiah 45:8 Heavens above, open up and let the skies rain down goodness; let the earth split open and salvation grow, with goodness rising up at the same time; I, God, have made this happen.
Isaiah 45:9 How terrible for someone who argues with their Creator! Let a broken piece of pottery argue with other broken pieces on the ground. Can the clay question the one shaping it, saying, "What are you making?" or criticize the work, saying, "You have no hands"?
Isaiah 45:10 How terrible for someone who asks their father, "What are you fathering?" or asks a woman, "What are you giving birth to?"
Isaiah 45:11 God, the Holy One of Israel, your Creator, says, "Ask me about the future of my children, and tell me what to do with what I have made."
Isaiah 45:12 I made the earth and created people on it. I stretched out the sky with my own hands, and I command all the stars.
Isaiah 45:13 I have brought him up to be good, and I will guide all he does: he will build my city, and he will release my prisoners, not for money or a gift, says God.
Isaiah 45:14 God says, "Egypt's work and Ethiopia's trade, and the tall Sabean people, will come to you and belong to you. They will follow you, coming in chains. They will bow down to you and beg you, saying, 'Truly, God is with you; there is no other, there is no other god.'"
Isaiah 45:15 Truly, you are a God who hides yourself, O God of Israel, the Savior.
Isaiah 45:16 They will all feel shame and be embarrassed together; those who make idols will be completely confused.
Isaiah 45:17 Israel will be saved by God with eternal salvation; you will never be ashamed or confused forever.
Isaiah 45:18 God, who made the heavens, says: I formed the earth and created it to last. I did not make it for nothing; I made it to be lived in. I am God, and there is no one else.
Isaiah 45:19 I have not spoken in secret or in hidden places on earth. I did not tell Jacob's descendants to look for me without finding me. I, God, speak what is right and announce what is true.
Isaiah 45:20 Gather and come close, you who have survived from other countries. Those who make idols from wood have no understanding, and they pray to a god who cannot rescue them.
Isaiah 45:21 Tell others and bring them close; yes, let them plan together: who announced this long ago? who spoke of it back then? It was I, God, wasn't it? There is no other God besides me; a fair God and a Savior; there is no one else.
Isaiah 45:22 Turn to me and be saved, all you people of the earth, because I am God, and there is no other.
Isaiah 45:23 I have promised by myself, the word has left my mouth in truth and won't come back, that to me every knee will bend, every tongue will promise.
Isaiah 45:24 Someone will definitely say, "I find righteousness and strength in God." People will come to him, and all who are angry with him will be embarrassed.
Isaiah 45:25 All of Israel's descendants will be made right with God and will take pride in Him.

Isaiah 46:1 Bel bends down, Nebo bows, their idols are on the animals and livestock: your carts carry a heavy load; they weigh down the tired animals.
Isaiah 46:2 They bend low, they kneel down together; they cannot save the heavy load, but they themselves are carried off as prisoners.
Isaiah 46:3 Listen to me, O family of Jacob, and all the survivors of the family of Israel, who have been supported by me since birth, whom I have carried since you were born.
Isaiah 46:4 Even when you are old, I am with you; I will support you when your hair turns gray. I created you, and I will take care of you; I will sustain you and save you.
Isaiah 46:5 Who do you think is like me? Who can you say I am equal to or compare me with?
Isaiah 46:6 They pour out gold from their bags, weigh silver on scales, pay a goldsmith to make it into a god; then they bow down and worship it.
Isaiah 46:7 They carry him on the shoulder, they lift him up, and put him in his spot, and he stands; he won't move from his spot. Even if someone calls to him, he can't reply or save that person from their problems.
Isaiah 46:8 Remember this and act like men: think about it again, you who break rules.
Isaiah 46:9 Think about the past, because I am God, and there is no other; I am God, and no one is like me.
Isaiah 46:10 Telling the future from the start, and from long ago the things not yet happened, saying, My plan will last, and I will do all I want.
Isaiah 46:11 God calls a hungry bird from the east, the man who carries out my plans from a distant land: yes, I have said it, and I will make it happen; I have planned it, and I will do it.
Isaiah 46:12 Listen to me, you strong-minded, who are far from doing right:
Isaiah 46:13 I am making my righteousness come soon; it won't be far away, and my help won't be delayed: I will set rescue in Zion, for Israel who I honor.

Isaiah 47:1 Come down and sit in the dirt, you pure girl of Babylon. Sit on the ground. You have no throne, girl of the Chaldeans, because you won't be called soft and gentle anymore.
Isaiah 47:2 Use the grinding stones to make flour, let down your hair, show your legs, reveal your thighs, and cross the rivers.
Isaiah 47:3 Your nakedness will be exposed, and your shame will be seen: I will get revenge, and I will not face you like a human.
Isaiah 47:4 Our rescuer is God, the ruler of all, called the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 47:5 Stay quiet and go into the dark, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for you will no longer be known as the queen of nations.
Isaiah 47:6 I was angry with my people, I have made my inheritance impure, and handed them over to you: you showed them no mercy; you laid a very heavy burden on the old.
Isaiah 47:7 You said, "I will always be a lady," so you didn't take these things seriously or think about what would happen later.
Isaiah 47:8 Listen to this, you who love pleasures and live carelessly, thinking to yourself, "I am the only one; there's no one besides me. I will never be a widow or know the loss of children."
Isaiah 47:9 Two things will suddenly happen to you: you'll lose your children and become a widow. These will fully hit you because of your many magic tricks and spells.
Isaiah 47:10 You trusted in your wrongdoing, thinking no one sees you. Your wisdom and knowledge led you astray, and you told yourself, "I exist, and there is no one else like me."
Isaiah 47:11 Bad things will happen to you; you won't know where they come from. Trouble will hit you, and you won't be able to stop it. Sudden ruin will happen to you, and you won't see it coming.
Isaiah 47:12 Stand now with your magic spells and the many sorceries you've worked on since your youth; perhaps you will succeed, maybe you will inspire fear.
Isaiah 47:13 You are tired from all your advice. Now let the astrologers, the stargazers, and those who predict each month try to stand up and save you from what is going to happen to you.
Isaiah 47:14 Look, they will be like dry grass; the fire will burn them up; they won't be able to save themselves from the flames. There won't be a single coal to warm up by, or a fire to sit in front of.
Isaiah 47:15 They that worked with you and traded with you since your youth will all go their own ways; no one will help you.

Isaiah 48:1 Listen to this, you people of Jacob, named after Israel, who came from Judah's line, who swear by God's name and name the God of Israel, but not honestly or rightly.
Isaiah 48:2 They say they belong to the holy city and rely on the God of Israel; God of the heavenly armies is his name.
Isaiah 48:3 I told about the past from the start; they came from my mouth, I showed them; I acted quickly, and they happened.
Isaiah 48:4 Because I knew you are stubborn, your neck is strong like iron, and your forehead like brass.
Isaiah 48:5 From the start, I told you what would happen; I showed you before it happened so you wouldn't claim your idol or carved or cast image made it happen.
Isaiah 48:6 You have heard, now you see all of this; won't you tell it? I have shown you new things from now on, even secrets you did not know.
Isaiah 48:7 They were made just now, not long ago; before today, you did not hear them, so you can't say, "Look, I knew about them."
Isaiah 48:8 Yes, you did not hear; yes, you did not know; yes, since your ear was not open: because I knew you would be very unfaithful, and you were named a rule-breaker from birth.
Isaiah 48:9 For my reputation, I will hold back my anger, and for my honor, I will stop myself for your sake so I don't destroy you.
Isaiah 48:10 Look, I have made you pure but not like silver; I have picked you in the hard times.
Isaiah 48:11 For my own sake, yes, for my own sake, I will act: why should my name be dishonored? I will not give my glory to anyone else.
Isaiah 48:12 Listen to me, Jacob and Israel, whom I have called; I am the one; I am the first, and I am also the last.
Isaiah 48:13 My hand has set the earth's foundation, and my right hand spread out the skies: when I call them, they rise up at once.
Isaiah 48:14 Everyone, come together and listen; who among them has announced these events? God loves him; he will fulfill his wishes on Babylon, and his power will be against the Chaldeans.
Isaiah 48:15 I, yes I, have spoken; I have called him: I have brought him, and he will succeed on his path.
Isaiah 48:16 Come close to me, listen to this: I have not spoken in secret from the start; I have been there since it began, and now God and his Spirit have sent me.
Isaiah 48:17 God says, "I am your Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the Lord your God who teaches you to succeed and guides you on the right path."
Isaiah 48:18 If only you had listened to my commands! Then your peace would be like a river, and your goodness like the sea's waves.
Isaiah 48:19 Your descendants would have been as many as the sand, and the children born to you like its pebbles; their name would not have been erased or wiped out in my presence.
Isaiah 48:20 Leave Babylon, run away from the Chaldeans, sing out loud and announce, share the news everywhere on earth; say, God has saved his servant Jacob.
Isaiah 48:21 They were not thirsty when God guided them through the deserts; he made water flow from the rock for them; he split the rock, and water poured out.
Isaiah 48:22 God says there is no peace for the wicked.

Isaiah 49:1 Listen, islands, to me; pay attention, you people from far away. God has called me from before I was born; from my mother's womb, he has spoken my name.
Isaiah 49:2 God has made my mouth like a sharp sword; he has hidden me in the shadow of his hand and made me like a smooth arrow stored in his quiver.
Isaiah 49:3 He told me, "You are my servant, Israel, and through you I will be honored."
Isaiah 49:4 Then I said, I have worked hard for nothing, I have used my energy for no reason, and it's all been pointless: but for sure, my reward is with God, and my work is with my God.
Isaiah 49:5 God, who made me in the womb to serve Him, to bring Jacob back to Him, says: Even if Israel isn't brought back together, I will still be honored in God's sight, and God will give me strength.
Isaiah 49:6 He said, "It is a small task for you to be my servant, to bring back the people of Jacob and to save the survivors of Israel. I will also make you a light for other nations so that you can be my salvation to the ends of the earth."
Isaiah 49:7 God, who saves Israel and is holy, says to the one people hate and nations reject, who serves rulers: Kings will see you and stand up, princes will see and bow down, because God is faithful and the holy one of Israel has chosen you.
Isaiah 49:8 God says, "I listened to you at the right time, and on the day you were saved, I helped you. I will keep you safe and make you a promise to the people, to rebuild the land and give new life to ruined places."
Isaiah 49:9 So you can tell the captives, "Go out," and to those in the dark, "Come into the light." They will find food along the roads, and they will graze on every hill.
Isaiah 49:10 They will not be hungry or thirsty; neither will the heat or sun hurt them, because the one who has mercy on them will lead them and guide them to water springs.
Isaiah 49:11 I will turn all my mountains into roads, and my paths will be raised up.
Isaiah 49:12 Look, these will come from far away: some from the north and the west, and others from the land of Sinim.
Isaiah 49:13 Sing, heavens, and earth be happy; mountains, burst into song: for God has comforted his people and will show kindness to those who are suffering.
Isaiah 49:14 But Zion said, God has left me, and my God has forgotten me.
Isaiah 49:15 Can a mother forget her baby or not feel love for her own child? Even if she could forget, I will never forget you.
Isaiah 49:16 Look, I have carved you on the palms of my hands; your walls are always in my sight.
Isaiah 49:17 Your children will hurry back; those who destroyed you and left you in ruins will leave you.
Isaiah 49:18 Look around and see: everyone is coming to you. As God lives, says God, you will wear them all like jewelry and dress yourself with them like a bride.
Isaiah 49:19 Because your ruined and empty places, and the land of your ruin, will now be too small for all the people, and those who devoured you will be gone.
Isaiah 49:20 The children you will have, after you've lost the others, will tell you, 'This place is too small for me; make room for me to live.'
Isaiah 49:21 Then you will think to yourself, "Who gave me these children when I lost mine and was all alone, a prisoner, and wandering? And who has raised these?" I was alone; where were these children before?
Isaiah 49:22 God says, "See, I will raise my hand to the nations and show my signal to the peoples. They will carry your sons in their arms and your daughters will be lifted on their shoulders."
Isaiah 49:23 Kings will care for you like fathers, and queens like mothers. They will bow down to you with their faces to the ground, and honor you like they are kissing your feet. Then you will know that I am God. Those who wait for me will not be ashamed.
Isaiah 49:24 Can the prize be taken from the strong, or the rightful prisoner set free?
Isaiah 49:25 But this is what God says: Even the prisoners of the strong will be taken, and the victims of the fearsome will be freed. I will fight against those who fight you, and I will save your children.
Isaiah 49:26 I will make your oppressors eat their own flesh; they will be drunk on their own blood as if it were sweet wine. Then everyone will know that I, God, am your Savior and Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.

Isaiah 50:1 God says, "Where is your mother's divorce paper that I sent away? Who is the one I sold you to because of my debts? Look, because of your wrongs you sold yourselves, and because of your mistakes your mother was sent away.
Isaiah 50:2 Why, when I arrived, was no one there? When I called, why did no one respond? Is my power lessened, so that I can't save? Or do I lack the strength to rescue? Look, at my command I dry up the sea, I turn rivers into deserts; their fish rot because there is no water, and they die of thirst.
Isaiah 50:3 I make the skies dark, and I cover them with sackcloth.
Isaiah 50:4 God has given me the tongue of someone who is educated, so I can say the right thing at the right time to those who are tired: he wakes me up every morning, he makes my ear ready to listen like someone who is educated.
Isaiah 50:5 God has opened my ear, and I was not rebellious, nor did I turn back.
Isaiah 50:6 I let people beat my back and pull hair from my face without hiding from shame or spit.
Isaiah 50:7 God will help me, so I won't be confused. I am determined, and I know I won't be ashamed.
Isaiah 50:8 God who declares me right is close; who will argue with me? Let's face each other: who is against me? Let them approach me.
Isaiah 50:9 Look, God will help me; who can declare me guilty? See, they will all wear out like clothes; moths will consume them.
Isaiah 50:10 Who among you respects God, listens to his servant, walks in darkness without light? Let him trust in God's name and rely on his God.
Isaiah 50:11 Look, all who start a fire and surround yourselves with sparks: go ahead and walk in the light of your fire and the sparks you've made. This is what you'll get from me; you will lay down in sadness.

Isaiah 51:1 Listen to me, you who seek what is right, you who look for God: consider the rock from which you were cut and the quarry from which you were dug.
Isaiah 51:2 Look to Abraham your father and Sarah your mother; God called him alone, blessed him, and made him numerous.
Isaiah 51:3 God will comfort Zion: He will make her ruined places better; He will make her wild land like Eden, and her dry land like God's garden; there will be joy and happiness, thankfulness, and beautiful songs.
Isaiah 51:4 Listen to me, my people; and pay attention to me, my nation: because a law will come from me, and I will set my judgment as a light for the people.
Isaiah 51:5 My goodness is close; my rescue has begun, and my strength will decide for the people; the islands will look to me, and they will rely on my strength.
Isaiah 51:6 Look up at the sky, and down at the earth below: for the sky will disappear like smoke, the earth will wear out like clothes, and its people will die too. But my rescue will last forever, and my goodness will never end.
Isaiah 51:7 Listen to me, you who know what is right, you people who have my law in your heart; do not fear the insults of humans or be terrified of their abuse.
Isaiah 51:8 Moths will devour them like clothes, and worms will eat them like wool, but my goodness will last forever, and my rescue will pass on from one generation to the next.
Isaiah 51:9 Wake up, wake up, show your power, arm of God; wake up like you did in the old days, in past generations. Weren't you the one who defeated Rahab and struck the dragon?
Isaiah 51:10 Aren't you the one who dried up the sea, the deep waters, making a path for the saved to cross?
Isaiah 51:11 So, those saved by God will come back, singing to Zion; endless joy will be theirs. They will get happiness and joy; sadness and grief will go away.
Isaiah 51:12 I am the one who comforts you; why should you be afraid of a person who will die or a human who will wither like grass?
Isaiah 51:13 You forget God who made you, who stretched out the sky and set the earth's base; you always fear the anger of your enemy, as if they were about to destroy you, but where is the enemy's anger now?
Isaiah 51:14 The prisoner hurries to be set free so he won't die in the hole or run out of food.
Isaiah 51:15 I am your God, who split the sea with its loud waves; "God of armies" is his name.
Isaiah 51:16 I have put my words in your mouth, and I have protected you with my hand's shadow, so I can create the skies, establish the earth, and tell Zion, 'You are my people.'
Isaiah 51:17 Wake up, stand up, Jerusalem, you've drunk from God's hand the cup of his anger; you've drunk to the last drop the cup that makes you stagger, and poured it out.
Isaiah 51:18 No one is there to lead her among all the children she has had; nor is there anyone to take her hand among all the children she has raised.
Isaiah 51:19 Two disasters have struck you; who will mourn for you? Ruin and destruction, famine and war: who can comfort you?
Isaiah 51:20 Your sons have collapsed; they lie at the entrance of every street, like a wild bull caught in a net. They are overwhelmed with God's anger, the scolding of your God.
Isaiah 51:21 So listen, you who are troubled and as if drunk, but not from wine:
Isaiah 51:22 Your God, who defends his people, says, "Look, I have removed from your hand the cup that makes you tremble, the very worst of my anger's cup; you will never drink it again."
Isaiah 51:23 I will make those who hurt you take it; they told you to lie down so they could walk on you, and you were like the ground or a road for them to walk on.

Isaiah 52:1 Wake up, wake up; put on your strength, O Zion; dress in your lovely clothes, O Jerusalem, the holy city: from now on, those who are not circumcised and the unclean will no longer enter you.
Isaiah 52:2 Get up from the dust; stand up and sit down, Jerusalem; free yourself from the chains on your neck, captive daughter of Zion.
Isaiah 52:3 God says, "You sold yourselves for nothing, and you will be freed without paying."
Isaiah 52:4 God said, "Long ago, my people went to Egypt to stay for a while; but then, the Assyrian mistreated them for no reason."
Isaiah 52:5 So now, why am I here? asks God, when my people have been taken for nothing? Those who lead them cause them to cry out, says God, and my name is insulted all the time, every day.
Isaiah 52:6 So my people will learn my name; on that day, they will know that I am the one who is speaking: look, it's me.
Isaiah 52:7 How beautiful are the feet of the person on the mountains who brings good news, who announces peace; who brings good news of good things, who announces salvation; who tells Zion, "Your God rules!"
Isaiah 52:8 Your guards will raise their voices; they will sing together because they will see things the same way when God brings back Zion.
Isaiah 52:9 Celebrate with joy, sing together, you deserted parts of Jerusalem: for God has comforted his people, he has saved Jerusalem.
Isaiah 52:10 God has shown his power to all nations; everyone around the world will see God's saving strength.
Isaiah 52:11 Leave, leave, go out from there, don't touch anything dirty; leave her midst; keep clean, you who carry God's sacred items.
Isaiah 52:12 You will not leave quickly or run away, because God will lead you, and the God of Israel will protect you from behind.
Isaiah 52:13 Look, my servant will act wisely; he will be raised up, praised, and very honored.
Isaiah 52:14 Many were shocked at him; his face was so disfigured beyond any person, and his appearance beyond that of people.
Isaiah 52:15 He will amaze many nations; kings will be silent because of him; for they will see what was not told to them, and they will think about things they had never heard.

Isaiah 53:1 Who has believed what we said? And to whom has God shown his power?
Isaiah 53:2 He will grow up before God like a young plant and as a root from dry soil. He has no attractive form or beauty; when we see him, nothing in his appearance makes us want him.
Isaiah 53:3 People dislike and ignore him; he is a man who knows sadness and pain: we all turned away from him; he was disliked, and we did not value him.
Isaiah 53:4 He surely took on our pains and carried our sadness, but we thought he was punished by God, hit by him, and suffering.
Isaiah 53:5 He was hurt for our wrongs, he was beaten for our sins. The punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed.
Isaiah 53:6 We all, like sheep, have wandered off; each of us has gone our own way; and God has put on him the wrongs of us all.
Isaiah 53:7 He was mistreated and he suffered, but he did not speak: he is led like a lamb to be killed, and like a sheep is silent before its shearers, so he does not speak.
Isaiah 53:8 He was freed from jail and trial. Who will speak of his descendants? He was removed from the living because my people did wrong, and he suffered for them.
Isaiah 53:9 He was buried with bad people, and although wealthy when he died, he had not been violent or lied.
Isaiah 53:10 God chose to hurt him; God made him suffer. When you offer his life for sin, he will see his children, live a long life, and God's will succeed through him.
Isaiah 53:11 He will see the results of his suffering and be content. Through his understanding, my good servant will make many people right with God, because he will carry their wrongs.
Isaiah 53:12 So I will give him a share with the great, and he will share the winnings with the mighty, because he gave his life to death: he was counted with the wrongdoers; he took on many people's sins and spoke up for the wrongdoers.

Isaiah 54:1 Sing, you who couldn't have children; shout with joy, you who never gave birth. Be happy, because you have more children now than the woman who has a husband, says God.
Isaiah 54:2 Make your tent bigger and stretch out its covers. Don't hold back, make the ropes longer, and make the pegs stronger.
Isaiah 54:3 You will spread out to the right and to the left; your descendants will settle in other nations and live in empty towns.
Isaiah 54:4 Do not be afraid; you will not be embarrassed. Do not feel confused; you will not be disgraced. You will forget the shame of your youth and no longer remember the dishonor of being a widow.
Isaiah 54:5 Your Creator is your partner; God is his name; and your Savior, the Holy One of Israel, will be known as the God of the entire world.
Isaiah 54:6 God has chosen you like a woman abandoned and sad in spirit, like a young wife rejected, says your God.
Isaiah 54:7 I left you alone for a short time, but I will bring you back with great kindness.
Isaiah 54:8 I was upset with you for a short time and turned away; but I will show you endless kindness and compassion, says your God, the Redeemer.
Isaiah 54:9 This is like Noah's flood to me: just as I promised that Noah's flood would never again cover the earth, so I promise I will not be angry with you or scold you.
Isaiah 54:10 Even if the mountains go away and the hills move, my kindness will not leave you and my peace agreement will not move, says God who has mercy on you.
Isaiah 54:11 You who are troubled and storm-tossed, and without comfort, see, I will set your stones with pretty colors and lay your foundations with sapphires.
Isaiah 54:12 I will make your windows out of agate, your gates out of sparkling stones, and all your borders out of beautiful stones.
Isaiah 54:13 All your children will be taught by God, and they will have great peace.
Isaiah 54:14 You will be set up in what is right: you will be safe from being hurt and you won't be scared; and you won't be terrified because it won't get close to you.
Isaiah 54:15 Look, they will definitely come together, but not because of me: anyone who comes together against you will fail because of you.
Isaiah 54:16 Look, I made the blacksmith who fans the coals into flame and forges a tool for his work; I also made the destroyer to ruin.
Isaiah 54:17 No weapon made against you will succeed, and you will prove wrong every tongue that accuses you. This is the right of God's servants, and their goodness comes from God.

Isaiah 55:1 Everyone who is thirsty, come to the water. Even if you have no money, come, buy, and eat. Yes, come and get wine and milk for free, without paying.
Isaiah 55:2 Why spend money on what is not food, and work hard for what does not satisfy? Listen carefully to me, and eat what is good, and enjoy rich food.
Isaiah 55:3 Lean in to listen, come to me; pay attention, and you will have life. I will promise you forever-lasting kindness, like I did for David.
Isaiah 55:4 Look, I have made him a witness to the people, a leader and commander for them.
Isaiah 55:5 Look, you will call a country you do not know, and countries that did not know you will come to you because of God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he has honored you.
Isaiah 55:6 Look for God while he can be found, call on him while he is close by.
Isaiah 55:7 Let the bad person stop doing wrong and the unjust person change their thoughts. Let them turn back to God, and He will be kind to them; turn to our God because He will fully forgive them.
Isaiah 55:8 My thoughts are not your thoughts, and your ways are not my ways, says God.
Isaiah 55:9 Just as the sky is higher than the ground, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.
Isaiah 55:10 Just as rain and snow fall from the sky and do not return without watering the earth, making it sprout and grow, providing seeds for the farmer and food to eat:
Isaiah 55:11 My word that comes out of my mouth will not come back to me empty. Instead, it will do what I want, and it will succeed in what I send it to do.
Isaiah 55:12 You will leave with joy and be guided in peace. The mountains and hills will burst into song before you, and all the trees will clap their hands.
Isaiah 55:13 Where there were thorns, the fir tree will grow, and where there were briers, the myrtle tree will grow. This will bring honor to God, a lasting sign that will not be destroyed.

Isaiah 56:1 God says, "Keep fair judgment, and do what is right: for my rescue is close to coming, and my goodness will soon be shown."
Isaiah 56:2 Happy is the person who does this, and the human who holds on to it; who keeps the Sabbath without ruining it, and stops his hand from doing any bad thing.
Isaiah 56:3 A foreigner who has chosen to follow God should not say, "God has totally cut me off from his people." And a eunuch should not say, "Look, I am just a dead tree."
Isaiah 56:4 God says to the eunuchs who follow my Sabbaths, choose what pleases me, and commit to my promise;
Isaiah 56:5 I will give them a place and a name better than sons and daughters within my house and walls; they will have an everlasting name that will never be taken away.
Isaiah 56:6 Foreigners who connect with God to serve Him and love His name, becoming His servants, who keep the Sabbath without spoiling it and follow my agreement.
Isaiah 56:7 I will bring them to my holy mountain and give them joy in my house of prayer. Their burnt offerings and sacrifices will be welcome on my altar, for my house will be known as a house of prayer for everyone.
Isaiah 56:8 God, who brings Israel's scattered people together, says, "I will also bring others to join those I have already gathered."
Isaiah 56:9 All you wild animals of the fields, come to eat; yes, all you animals in the forests.
Isaiah 56:10 His guards are blind; they know nothing. They are all silent dogs; they can't bark. They are sleeping, lying down, and enjoy sleeping.
Isaiah 56:11 Yes, they are greedy dogs that can never get enough, and they are shepherds who do not understand. They all only look out for themselves, each one for his own profit.
Isaiah 56:12 Come on, they say, let's get wine and get drunk on hard liquor; tomorrow will be like today, and even better.

Isaiah 57:1 Good people die, and nobody cares: and kind-hearted people are taken away, with no one understanding that they were spared from coming evil.
Isaiah 57:2 He will find peace: they will rest in their beds, each living righteously.
Isaiah 57:3 Come close, you children of the witch, born of the cheater and the prostitute.
Isaiah 57:4 Who are you mocking? Who are you opening your mouth wide and sticking out your tongue at? Aren't you children of rebellion, offspring of lies?
Isaiah 57:5 Getting excited about idols under every green tree and killing the children in the valleys under the cliffs of the rocks?
Isaiah 57:6 Your share is among the stream's smooth stones; these are your lot. You have poured out a drink to them and offered food. Why should I be comforted by this?
Isaiah 57:7 You put your bed on a tall and high mountain: you even went up there to make a sacrifice.
Isaiah 57:8 You have put up your memorials behind doors and doorposts. You have shown yourself to others, not me, and climbed into bed with them. You made your bed bigger and agreed to be with them; you loved their bed when you saw it.
Isaiah 57:9 You went to the king with oil, added more perfumes, sent your messengers far away, and lowered yourself down to hell.
Isaiah 57:10 You are tired from your long journey, but you didn't say there is no hope; you found strength in your own hands, so you were not sad.
Isaiah 57:11 Who have you been so afraid of that you lied and forgot about me, and didn't care? Haven't I been silent for a long time, yet you still don't fear me?
Isaiah 57:12 I will tell about your goodness and your actions, because they will not help you.
Isaiah 57:13 When you call for help, let your groups save you; but the wind will carry them all off, emptiness will take them. But anyone who trusts in me will own the land and will receive my sacred mountain.
Isaiah 57:14 They will say, "Build up, build up, clear the path, remove the obstacles from my people's way."
Isaiah 57:15 God, the high and eternal one who is called Holy, says: I live in a high and holy place, and also with the person who is sorry and humble, to give new life to the humble spirit and to the hearts of those who are sorry.
Isaiah 57:16 I will not argue forever, nor stay angry always: because the spirit would grow weak before me, and the souls I created would die.
Isaiah 57:17 Because of his greed, I was angry and punished him. I hid myself and was angry, but he kept on doing wrong according to his desires.
Isaiah 57:18 I have seen his actions and will heal him; I will guide him and give peace to him and his mourners.
Isaiah 57:19 I make the words that people say; peace, peace to the one who is far away and to the one who is close, says God; and I will heal him.
Isaiah 57:20 Evil people are like a restless sea that stirs up mud and dirt.
Isaiah 57:21 My God says the bad have no peace.

Isaiah 58:1 Shout loudly, don't hold back, raise your voice like a trumpet, and show my people their wrongs, and the family of Jacob their sins.
Isaiah 58:2 They look for me every day and enjoy learning my ways, like a country that did what's right and didn't ignore their God's laws: they want to know my fair laws; they love to come close to God.
Isaiah 58:3 Why do we fast, they ask, and you don't see? Why do we make ourselves suffer, and you don't notice? Look, on your fast day you seek your own pleasure and make all your workers work hard.
Isaiah 58:4 Look, you fast to cause arguments and fights, and to hit with wicked fists: you should not fast like today if you want your voices heard by God.
Isaiah 58:5 Is this the kind of fasting I have chosen? A day for a person to make themselves suffer? Is it just to hang your head low like a reed and to lie on sackcloth and ashes? Do you call this a fast, a day pleasing to God?
Isaiah 58:6 Isn't this the fast I have chosen: to break the chains of evil, to remove the heavy loads, to set free those who are crushed, and to break every bondage?
Isaiah 58:7 Isn't it to share your food with the hungry, and to welcome the poor who have nowhere to stay into your home? When you see someone without clothes, to give them something to wear; and not to ignore your own relatives?
Isaiah 58:8 Your light will shine like the dawn, and your health will quickly improve; your goodness will lead the way, and God's glory will protect you from behind.
Isaiah 58:9 You will call and God will answer; you will cry and he will say, 'Here I am.' If you stop oppressing others, pointing fingers, and speaking falsely;
Isaiah 58:10 If you give your heart to the hungry and comfort the troubled soul, then your light will shine in the darkness, and your darkest time will be like midday.
Isaiah 58:11 God will always guide you, satisfy you in dry times, make you healthy, and you will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring that never runs dry.
Isaiah 58:12 Your descendants will rebuild the ruined places. You will restore the foundations laid long ago. You will be known as the fixer of broken walls and the restorer of livable streets.
Isaiah 58:13 If you stop doing what you want on my holy day, the Sabbath, and see it as a joyful and special day for God, and respect it by not following your usual routines, seeking your own enjoyment, or talking about everyday matters:
Isaiah 58:14 You will enjoy being close to God; He will let you triumph on the earth's high places and give you the blessings of your ancestor Jacob: this is God's promise.

Isaiah 59:1 Look, God's hand is not too short to save; nor is his ear too dull to hear.
Isaiah 59:2 Your wrongs have come between you and God, and your sins have hidden his face from you, so he will not listen.
Isaiah 59:3 Your hands are dirty with blood, and your fingers with wrong; your lips have told lies, your tongue whispers twisted things.
Isaiah 59:4 No one asks for justice or argues for truth; they rely on what's empty and tell lies; they make trouble and cause wrongdoing.
Isaiah 59:5 They hatch poisonous snake eggs and spin spider webs: whoever eats their eggs dies, and when one is stepped on, a viper hatches.
Isaiah 59:6 Their webs can't be made into clothes, nor can they cover themselves with what they do: their actions are sinful, and they do violent things.
Isaiah 59:7 Their feet rush to do bad things, and they hurry to spill innocent blood. They plan sinful things; ruin and damage are on their way.
Isaiah 59:8 They do not know the way to peace; their paths are not fair: whoever walks in them will not find peace.
Isaiah 59:9 So justice is far from us, and fairness doesn't reach us. We hope for light but only find darkness; we look for brightness but walk in gloom.
Isaiah 59:10 We search for the wall like blind people, and we fumble as though we can't see. We trip at midday as if it were dark; we are in empty spaces like the dead.
Isaiah 59:11 We all growl like bears and sadly cry like doves; we hope for fairness, but find none; for rescue, but it's far away from us.
Isaiah 59:12 We have many sins against you, and our wrongs show our guilt; our sins are always with us, and we know our bad acts.
Isaiah 59:13 By breaking rules and lying about God, turning away from our God, talking about hurting others and rebelling, thinking and saying untrue things from our heart.
Isaiah 59:14 Judgment is avoided, and justice is distant because truth has failed in public, and fairness cannot come in.
Isaiah 59:15 Yes, truth is lacking; and those who avoid doing wrong become victims. God saw this and was unhappy because there was no justice.
Isaiah 59:16 He saw no one was there and was surprised no one intervened; so he himself brought salvation, and his goodness supported him.
Isaiah 59:17 He wore fairness like armor on his chest and put on a helmet of rescue on his head; he dressed himself in revengeful clothes and wrapped intense passion around himself like a cape.
Isaiah 59:18 God will pay back everyone based on what they have done; he will show anger to his foes and settle scores with his enemies; he will also repay those who live on the islands.
Isaiah 59:19 People will respect God's name in the west and his greatness where the sun rises. When enemies attack like a rushing water, God's Spirit will raise a flag to stand against them.
Isaiah 59:20 God will come to Zion and to those in Jacob who stop doing wrong, says God.
Isaiah 59:21 I promise you this, says God: My Spirit with you and the words I've given you will always be on your lips and on the lips of your children and grandchildren, now and forever, says God.

Isaiah 60:1 Get up and shine, because your light has come, and God's glory has risen upon you.
Isaiah 60:2 Look, darkness will cover the earth, and deep darkness the people, but God will rise upon you, and His glory will be seen on you.
Isaiah 60:3 People from other nations will come to your light, and rulers will be attracted to the glow of your dawn.
Isaiah 60:4 Look around and see: everyone is coming to you: your sons from far away, and your daughters will be cared for at your side.
Isaiah 60:5 You will see and be happy, and your heart will feel awe and grow big, because the riches of the sea will come to you, and the wealth of the nations will come to you.
Isaiah 60:6 Many camels will be around you, the young camels of Midian and Ephah. Everyone from Sheba will come, bringing gold and incense, and they will praise God.
Isaiah 60:7 All Kedar's sheep will come to you, Nebaioth's rams will serve you; they will be welcome as sacrifices on my altar, and I will honor my glorious temple.
Isaiah 60:8 Who are these that fly like a cloud, and like doves to their nests?
Isaiah 60:9 The islands will wait for me, and the ships from Tarshish will come first, to bring your sons from a distance, along with their silver and gold, to honor God, the Holy One of Israel, because he has made you honored.
Isaiah 60:10 Foreigners will rebuild your walls, and their rulers will serve you. When I was angry, I punished you, but now I will show you mercy.
Isaiah 60:11 So your gates will always be open; they won't close day or night so that people can bring you wealth from other nations, and their kings led to you.
Isaiah 60:12 Any country or kingdom that does not serve you will be destroyed; indeed, those countries will be totally ruined.
Isaiah 60:13 Lebanon's beauty will come to you, with its fir, pine, and cypress trees, to make my holy place beautiful; and I will make where I stand a glorious place.
Isaiah 60:14 The children of those who hurt you will come to you and bow down. Everyone who looked down on you will fall at your feet. They will call you God's City, the Holy One of Israel's Zion.
Isaiah 60:15 Even though you were abandoned and disliked, and nobody passed through you, I will turn you into an everlasting glory, a delight for many generations.
Isaiah 60:16 You will also drink the milk of nations and nurse at the breasts of kings; and you will know that I, God, am your Savior and your Redeemer, the powerful one of Jacob.
Isaiah 60:17 I will give gold for brass, silver for iron, brass for wood, and iron for stones. I will make your leaders bring peace and your rulers bring fairness.
Isaiah 60:18 There will be no more violence in your land, no wasting or destruction within your borders; you will name your walls Safety, and your gates will be called Praise.
Isaiah 60:19 You will not need the sun for light in the day, nor the moon to shine for you; God will be your eternal light, and your God will be your glory.
Isaiah 60:20 Your sun will never set, your moon will not disappear; for God will be your eternal light, and your sad days will be over.
Isaiah 60:21 Your people will all be good; they will own the land forever. They are my plantings, the work of my hands, to show my greatness.
Isaiah 60:22 A small child will grow into a large group, and a little one will become a powerful nation: God will make it happen quickly at the right time.

Isaiah 61:1 God's Spirit is with me; for God has chosen me to bring good news to the humble; He has sent me to heal those with broken hearts, to announce freedom for the captives, and to open the prison for those who are tied up.
Isaiah 61:2 To announce the year God favors and the day God will take revenge; to comfort all who are sad.
Isaiah 61:3 God aims to comfort those who grieve in Zion, to give them beauty instead of ashes, joyful oil instead of mourning, and clothes of praise instead of a heavy heart, so they will be like strong, good trees planted by God to show his greatness.
Isaiah 61:4 They will rebuild the ruined places, they will restore the old ruins, and they will fix the destroyed cities, the places ruined for many years.
Isaiah 61:5 Foreigners will care for your sheep, and people from other places will farm your land and tend your vineyards.
Isaiah 61:6 You will be called God's priests; people will call you God's servants. You will enjoy the wealth of other nations, and you will take pride in their splendor.
Isaiah 61:7 You will receive twice as much instead of your shame; they will celebrate their share instead of feeling embarrassed. So in their land, they will own twice as much, and they will have endless joy.
Isaiah 61:8 For I, God, love fairness, I hate theft in sacrifices; and I will guide their work in truth, and I will form a lasting agreement with them.
Isaiah 61:9 Their children will be recognized by other nations, and their descendants by all peoples; everyone who sees them will know that they are children whom God has blessed.
Isaiah 61:10 I will be very happy with God, my soul will be joyful in my God; because he has dressed me in the clothes of rescue, he has wrapped me with the coat of being right, like a groom gets ready with fancy things, and like a bride decorates herself with her gems.
Isaiah 61:11 Just like the earth produces its sprouts and a garden makes its planted seeds grow, God will make fairness and praise blossom in front of all countries.

Isaiah 62:1 For Zion's sake, I will not keep quiet, and for Jerusalem's sake, I will not stop working until its goodness shines out like the dawn, and its rescue blazes like a burning lamp.
Isaiah 62:2 People from other nations will see how good you are, and all rulers will see your honor. You will be given a new name chosen by God.
Isaiah 62:3 You will also be a crown of glory in God's hand, and a royal crown in the hand of your God.
Isaiah 62:4 You will no longer be called Forsaken, nor will your land be called Desolate. Instead, you will be known as Hephzibah, and your land Beulah, for God delights in you, and your land will be married.
Isaiah 62:5 Just as a young man marries a young woman, your sons will marry you. And just as a groom is happy with his bride, God will be happy with you.
Isaiah 62:6 I have placed guards on your walls, Jerusalem, who will never be silent day or night. You who remember God, never stop speaking.
Isaiah 62:7 Don't let him rest until he makes Jerusalem respected all over the world.
Isaiah 62:8 God has promised with his power, "I won't let your enemies eat your grain, or strangers drink the wine you worked for."
Isaiah 62:9 Those who gathered it will eat it and thank God; those who collected it will drink it in the holy places.
Isaiah 62:10 Pass through, pass through the gates; make a path for the people; build up, build up the road; remove the stones; raise a flag for the people.
Isaiah 62:11 Look, God has announced to the world's end, "Tell the people of Zion, 'Look, your rescuer is coming; see, he brings his reward and his work is ahead of him.'"
Isaiah 62:12 People will call them God's holy people, the ones God saved; and you will be known as the city that was searched for and not abandoned.

Isaiah 63:1 Who is this coming from Edom, with colorful clothes from Bozrah, looking splendid in his clothes, moving in his great strength? I am the one who speaks what is right, powerful to save.
Isaiah 63:2 Why are you wearing red clothes and look like someone who has been stomping grapes?
Isaiah 63:3 I have crushed grapes to make wine by myself; no one from the people was with me. I will step on them in my anger, and walk on them in my rage; their blood will splash on my clothes, and I will dirty all my clothing.
Isaiah 63:4 The day for payback is in my heart, and the time has come to save my people.
Isaiah 63:5 I looked, but there was no one to help; I was surprised that no one supported me. So my own strength saved me; my anger kept me going.
Isaiah 63:6 I will step on the people in my anger, make them confused in my rage, and I will knock down their power to the ground.
Isaiah 63:7 I will talk about God's kindness and praise God for all He has given us. He has been very good to Israel's people because of His mercy and great kindness.
Isaiah 63:8 For he said, "They are my people, children who will not deceive." So, he became their Savior.
Isaiah 63:9 In all their troubles, he felt trouble too, and his messenger saved them. With his love and kindness, he freed them; he lifted them up and carried them long ago.
Isaiah 63:10 But they resisted and upset God's Holy Spirit: so He became their foe and fought against them.
Isaiah 63:11 He recalled the past, Moses, and his people, asking, "Where is the one who led them from the sea, the shepherd of his flock? Where is the one who gave them his holy Spirit?"
Isaiah 63:12 God guided them with Moses' strong hand, splitting the water for them, to make his name last forever.
Isaiah 63:13 God guided them through the deep waters, like a horse in the desert, so they would not trip.
Isaiah 63:14 Like an animal that walks down into a low place, God's Spirit made him calm: in the same way, you guided your people to bring honor to your name.
Isaiah 63:15 Look from heaven and see from your holy and glorious home. Where is your passion and your power, the deep feelings and kindness you have for me? Have they been held back?
Isaiah 63:16 You are definitely our father, even if Abraham doesn't know us and Israel doesn't recognize us. You, God, are our father, our savior; your name lasts forever.
Isaiah 63:17 God, why have you made us stray from your paths and made our hearts hard from fearing you? Come back for the sake of your servants, the people who belong to you.
Isaiah 63:18 Your holy people owned the land for only a short time; our enemies have trampled your temple.
Isaiah 63:19 We belong to you; you never ruled over them; they were not called by your name.

Isaiah 64:1 I wish you would tear open the skies and come down, so that the mountains would melt before you.
Isaiah 64:2 Just like a fire melts things and boiling water bubbles, so you show your power to your enemies, making nations shake before you.
Isaiah 64:3 When you did amazing things we didn't expect, you came, and the mountains melted before you.
Isaiah 64:4 From the start of the world, people have not heard or known by hearing, and no eye has seen, O God, what you have made ready for those who wait for you.
Isaiah 64:5 You meet those who are happy and do good, who remember you and your paths. But you are angry because we have sinned. Yet if we continue in this, we will be saved.
Isaiah 64:6 We are all unclean, and our good deeds are like dirty cloths; we all wither like a leaf, and our sins sweep us away like the wind.
Isaiah 64:7 No one calls on your name or makes an effort to hold on to you, for you have hidden your face from us and have let our sins destroy us.
Isaiah 64:8 But now, God, you are our father; we are the clay, and you are our potter; we are all the work of your hand.
Isaiah 64:9 Don't be very angry, God, and don't remember sins forever. Look, we beg you, we are all your people.
Isaiah 64:10 Your holy cities are empty, Zion is empty, Jerusalem is destroyed.
Isaiah 64:11 Our sacred and lovely home, where our ancestors worshiped you, has been destroyed by fire; and all our nice things are ruined.
Isaiah 64:12 Will you hold back because of these things, God? Will you stay silent and punish us harshly?

Isaiah 65:1 People who did not ask for me are now looking for me; those who did not seek me have found me. I said, "Here I am, here I am," to a nation that was not called by my name.
Isaiah 65:2 I have reached out all day to stubborn people who follow their own bad paths and thoughts.
Isaiah 65:3 A nation that always makes me angry to my face; they offer sacrifices in gardens and burn incense on brick altars.
Isaiah 65:4 They stay near the graves and sleep in tombs, eat pig meat, and their pots hold disgusting things.
Isaiah 65:5 They say, "Keep away, don't come near me, because I am more holy than you." These people are like irritating smoke in my nose, a fire that keeps burning all day.
Isaiah 65:6 Look, it is recorded before me: I will not stay quiet, but will pay back, even repay into their lap.
Isaiah 65:7 Your wrongs, and your ancestors' wrongs, says God, who worshiped on the mountains and insulted me on the hills: so I will give back their past actions to them.
Isaiah 65:8 God says, "Like new wine in the grape cluster, and someone says, 'Don't destroy it; there's a blessing in it,' I will do the same for my servants, so I won't destroy them all."
Isaiah 65:9 I will produce descendants from Jacob, and from Judah someone to inherit my mountains; those I choose will possess it, and my workers will live there.
Isaiah 65:10 Sharon will be a place for flocks, and the valley of Achor will be a resting place for herds, for my people who have looked for me.
Isaiah 65:11 But you abandon God, forget my holy hill, set a table for idols, and provide drinks for them.
Isaiah 65:12 So I will count you for the sword, and all of you will kneel for killing: because when I called, you did not answer; when I spoke, you did not listen; instead you did bad things in front of me, and chose what I did not like.
Isaiah 65:13 So this is what God says: Look, my servants will eat, but you will be hungry. Look, my servants will drink, but you will be thirsty. Look, my servants will be happy, but you will be ashamed.
Isaiah 65:14 Look, my servants will sing with happy hearts, but you will cry because your hearts are sad, and you will wail because your spirits are troubled.
Isaiah 65:15 You will leave your name as a curse for my chosen ones: because God will kill you, and will give his servants a different name.
Isaiah 65:16 Anyone who asks for a blessing on earth will ask for a blessing from the God of truth. Anyone who makes a promise on earth will promise by the God of truth. The past troubles are forgotten, and they are hidden from my sight.
Isaiah 65:17 Look, I am making new heavens and a new earth: and the old things will not be remembered or thought about anymore.
Isaiah 65:18 Be happy and celebrate always because of what I create. Look, I make Jerusalem a place of joy and its people a delight.
Isaiah 65:19 I will be happy in Jerusalem and delighted with my people. No more will there be the sound of crying or the sound of tears in the city.
Isaiah 65:20 No babies will die young, nor old people before their time. Everyone will live to be at least 100 years old. But if someone at 100 years old is a sinner, they will be cursed.
Isaiah 65:21 They will build houses and live in them; they will plant vineyards and eat their fruit.
Isaiah 65:22 People won't build homes for others to live in, or plant for others to eat. Just like trees live long, my people will have long lives and enjoy what they make with their own hands.
Isaiah 65:23 They will not work for nothing, nor have children for misfortune, because they are the children of God's blessed ones, and their descendants with them.
Isaiah 65:24 Before they even ask, I will respond; while they are still talking, I will listen.
Isaiah 65:25 The wolf and the lamb will eat together, and the lion will eat grass like the ox; the snake will eat dust. They will not harm or ruin anything on my holy mountain, says God.

Isaiah 66:1 God says, "The sky is my throne, and the earth is where I rest my feet. Where is the home you build for me? And where can I rest?"
Isaiah 66:2 God made all these things; they exist because of him. But I will pay attention to the person who is poor and has a humble spirit, who respects my words.
Isaiah 66:3 Whoever kills an ox is like someone who murders a person; whoever sacrifices a lamb is like someone who kills a dog; whoever presents a grain offering is like someone who offers pig blood; whoever burns incense is like someone who worships an idol. Indeed, they follow their own paths, and their souls enjoy their disgusting acts.
Isaiah 66:4 I will also pick the lies they believe and make their fears come true; because when I called, no one answered; when I talked, they didn't listen. Instead, they did bad things in front of me and picked what I didn't like.
Isaiah 66:5 Listen to God's message, you who respect his word; your brothers who hated you and threw you out because of me said, "Let God be honored." Yet he will show himself for your happiness, and they will feel shame.
Isaiah 66:6 A loud sound from the city, a voice from the temple, a voice of God that gives payback to his enemies.
Isaiah 66:7 Before she had labor pains, she gave birth; before her pain started, she had a baby boy.
Isaiah 66:8 Has anyone heard of such a thing? Has anyone seen such things? Can the earth produce in one day? Or can a nation be born in a moment? For as soon as Zion was in labor, she gave birth to her children.
Isaiah 66:9 Will I let a baby be born and then not let it come out? asks God. Will I let it come out and then close the womb? asks your God.
Isaiah 66:10 Be happy with Jerusalem and celebrate with her, all who love her; be joyful with her, all who grieve for her.
Isaiah 66:11 So you can feed and be content with the comfort she gives; so you can nurse and be happy with how much she has to give.
Isaiah 66:12 For this is what God says: I will bring peace to her like a river, and the wealth of nations like a flooding stream: then you will nurse, be carried on her hip, and rocked on her knees.
Isaiah 66:13 Like a mother who comforts her child, so will I comfort you; and you will be comforted in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 66:14 When you see this, your heart will be happy, and your bones will grow strong like a plant: and God's support will be clear to his servants, and his anger to his enemies.
Isaiah 66:15 Look, God will come with fire, and with his chariots like a storm, to show his anger with intensity, and his correction with fire.
Isaiah 66:16 God will judge all people with fire and his sword, and many will be killed.
Isaiah 66:17 Those who try to make themselves pure by rituals in gardens, standing behind one particular tree, and eat pork, disgusting things, and mice, will be destroyed together, says God.
Isaiah 66:18 I know what they do and think. I will bring together all countries and languages; they will come and see my greatness.
Isaiah 66:19 I will put a sign among them, and I will send the survivors to different nations – to Tarshish, Pul, Lud, where they use bows, to Tubal and Javan, and to distant islands that have not heard of me or seen my power. They will tell the foreigners about my greatness.
Isaiah 66:20 They will bring all your brothers as a gift to God from every nation by horses, chariots, carts, mules, and fast animals to God's holy mountain, Jerusalem, as God says, like the Israelites bring a gift in a clean container to God's house.
Isaiah 66:21 I will select some of them to be priests and Levites, says God.
Isaiah 66:22 Just like the new heavens and the new earth that I will create will always be with me, says God, so will your children and your name always be.
Isaiah 66:23 Every month and every week, all people will come to worship before me, says God.
Isaiah 66:24 They will go out and see the dead bodies of those who sinned against me. The worms on them will not die, and the fire will not go out. Everyone will hate the sight of them.

Jeremiah 1:1 These are the words of Jeremiah, Hilkiah's son, a priest from Anathoth in Benjamin's territory.
Jeremiah 1:2 God spoke to them when Josiah son of Amon was king of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his rule.
Jeremiah 1:3 It happened in the time of Jehoiakim, son of Josiah, king of Judah, up to the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah, Josiah's son, king of Judah, until Jerusalem was taken away as prisoners in the fifth month.
Jeremiah 1:4 God spoke to me, saying,
Jeremiah 1:5 Before I made you in the womb, I knew you; before you were born, I set you apart and appointed you as a prophet to the nations.
Jeremiah 1:6 Then I said, "Oh, God! Look, I can't speak: I am just a child."
Jeremiah 1:7 But God told me, "Don't say, 'I am a child.' You must go wherever I send you and speak whatever I tell you."
Jeremiah 1:8 Don't be scared of their looks: I am with you to save you, says God.
Jeremiah 1:9 Then God reached out His hand and touched my mouth. And God said to me, "Look, I have placed my words in your mouth."
Jeremiah 1:10 Today, I have given you power over nations and kingdoms to uproot, tear down, destroy, and overthrow, to build and to plant.
Jeremiah 1:11 God's message came to me, saying, "Jeremiah, what do you see?" And I said, "I see the branch of an almond tree."
Jeremiah 1:12 Then God said to me, "You have seen correctly, for I will quickly carry out what I have said."
Jeremiah 1:13 God spoke to me again, asking, "What do you see?" I answered, "I see a boiling pot, tilted from the north."
Jeremiah 1:14 Then God said to me, "From the north, a bad thing will spread over all the people living in the land."
Jeremiah 1:15 Look, I will summon all the families from the northern kingdoms, says God. They will come and each will place his throne at the entrance of Jerusalem's gates, around all its walls, and near all the towns of Judah.
Jeremiah 1:16 I will announce my decisions against them for all their evil, because they left me, burned incense to other gods, and worshiped what their hands made.
Jeremiah 1:17 Get ready, stand up, and tell them everything I tell you to say. Don't be afraid of them, or I will confuse you in front of them.
Jeremiah 1:18 Today, I have made you like a protected city, an iron pillar, and bronze walls against the entire country, its kings, leaders, priests, and all the people.
Jeremiah 1:19 They will fight against you, but they won't win, because I am with you, says God, to save you.

Jeremiah 2:1 God spoke to me, saying,
Jeremiah 2:2 Go and tell Jerusalem, 'God says: I remember how kind you were when you were young, and how you loved me when we were newly together, following me in the desert, in a land where nothing was planted.'
Jeremiah 2:3 Israel was sacred to God, and the first of his crops. Anyone who harms Israel will be punished; they will face trouble, says God.
Jeremiah 2:4 Listen to God's message, O family of Jacob, and all the clans of Israel:
Jeremiah 2:5 God asks, "What wrong did your ancestors find in me that made them leave me, follow worthless things, and become worthless themselves?"
Jeremiah 2:6 No one asked, "Where is God who brought us out of Egypt, who led us through the wild land of deserts and pits, through a dry land and dark death's shadow, through a place where no one travels or lives?"
Jeremiah 2:7 I brought you to a fertile land to eat its fruit and enjoy its richness, but when you came in, you made my land dirty and turned my property into something disgusting.
Jeremiah 2:8 The priests didn't ask, "Where is God?" and those who knew the law didn't know me: the leaders also sinned against me, and the prophets spoke for Baal, following things that bring no good.
Jeremiah 2:9 So I will still argue with you, says God, and with your grandchildren too.
Jeremiah 2:10 Travel to the islands of Chittim and look; then go to Kedar, think hard, and see if there's anything like this.
Jeremiah 2:11 Has a nation swapped its gods, which are not really gods? But my people have traded their honor for something that brings no benefit.
Jeremiah 2:12 Be shocked, you heavens, at this, and be terribly scared, be very empty, says God.
Jeremiah 2:13 My people did two bad things; they left me, the source of life-giving water, and dug their own wells, cracked wells that cannot hold water.
Jeremiah 2:14 Is Israel a servant? Is he a slave born in the house? Why is he destroyed?
Jeremiah 2:15 Young lions roared at him, screamed, and left his land empty: his cities are burned with no one living in them.
Jeremiah 2:16 The children from Noph and Tahapanes have damaged the top of your head.
Jeremiah 2:17 Didn't you bring this on yourself by abandoning God, who guided you on your path?
Jeremiah 2:18 Why are you going to Egypt to drink the water of the Nile? Or why are you going to Assyria to drink the water of the Euphrates?
Jeremiah 2:19 Your bad behavior will teach you a lesson, and your wrongdoings will show you your mistake. Understand and realize that it's a bad and painful thing to have left God, and that you don't respect me, says God.
Jeremiah 2:20 Long ago, I removed your heavy yoke and broke your chains; but you said, 'I won't sin.' Yet on every high hill and under every green tree, you wandered and acted unfaithfully.
Jeremiah 2:21 I planted you as a fine vine, all with good seeds: how then have you become a poor vine to me?
Jeremiah 2:22 Even if you use baking soda and lots of soap, your sins are still clearly seen by me, says God.
Jeremiah 2:23 How can you say, 'I am not dirty, I have not followed other gods'? Look at your path in the valley, see what you have done: you are like a fast camel running on her paths.
Jeremiah 2:24 A wild donkey used to the desert, that breathes in the wind as it wants; who can make it change its ways when it's ready? Those who look for it won't get tired; when the time comes, they will find it.
Jeremiah 2:25 Take care of your feet so they're not bare, and don't let yourself be thirsty; but you've said, "There's no hope; I love outsiders, and I'll follow them."
Jeremiah 2:26 Like a thief feels shame when caught, so the people of Israel feel ashamed; including their kings, leaders, priests, and prophets.
Jeremiah 2:27 They say to a piece of wood, "You are my dad," and to a rock, "You gave birth to me." They turn their back on me, not their face. But when they are in trouble, they'll call out, "Get up and save us."
Jeremiah 2:28 Where are the gods you made? Let them help you when you're in trouble. You have as many gods as you have cities, Judah.
Jeremiah 2:29 Why do you argue with me? You have all sinned against me, says God.
Jeremiah 2:30 I have punished your children for nothing; they did not learn their lesson. Your own violence has killed your prophets, like a deadly lion.
Jeremiah 2:31 People of this time, look at God's message. Have I been like a desert to Israel? A place of darkness? Why do my people say, "We are our own masters; we won't come to you anymore"?
Jeremiah 2:32 Can a young woman forget her jewelry, or a bride her wedding clothes? Yet my people have forgotten me for countless days.
Jeremiah 2:33 Why do you change your ways to get love? So you have also taught the bad ones your ways.
Jeremiah 2:34 In your clothes, they found the blood of innocent poor people: it was not hidden, but found on all of these.
Jeremiah 2:35 But you say, "I am innocent, so surely God's anger will stop." I will argue with you because you say, "I have not sinned."
Jeremiah 2:36 Why do you wander around so much to change your path? You will also feel ashamed of Egypt, just as you felt ashamed of Assyria.
Jeremiah 2:37 Yes, you will leave there with your hands on your head, because God has rejected the things you trust in, and you will not succeed with them.

Jeremiah 3:1 People ask, "If a man divorces his wife, and she leaves him to be with another man, can he take her back? Won't that make the land very unclean?" But you have been unfaithful with many partners; still, come back to me, says God.
Jeremiah 3:2 Look up to the high places and see where you haven't been with anyone. You have waited along the paths for others, like an Arabian in the desert; and you have made the land impure with your unfaithfulness and your evil ways.
Jeremiah 3:3 So the rains have been stopped, and there was no late rain; your face was like a prostitute's, you refused to feel shame.
Jeremiah 3:4 Won't you from now on call out to me, 'My Father, you have led me since I was young'?
Jeremiah 3:5 Will God stay angry forever? Will he keep his anger to the end? You have said and done bad things as much as you could.
Jeremiah 3:6 God also said to me in King Josiah's time, "Have you seen what unfaithful Israel has done? She has gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree, and there acted like a prostitute."
Jeremiah 3:7 After she did all this, I said, "Come back to me." But she did not return. And her unfaithful sister Judah saw this.
Jeremiah 3:8 I saw that, even though Israel had been unfaithful and I divorced her, her deceitful sister Judah was not afraid and also acted unfaithfully.
Jeremiah 3:9 She became impure because of her many lovers, and she made the land impure too, by worshiping idols made of wood and stone.
Jeremiah 3:10 Despite this, Judah, her unfaithful sister, did not fully turn back to me but only pretended to, says God.
Jeremiah 3:11 God told me, "Israel, even though unfaithful, has proven to be better than the deceitful Judah."
Jeremiah 3:12 Go and speak these words to the north, and say, "Come back, unfaithful Israel," says God, "and I won't let my anger come down on you because I am merciful," says God, "and I won't stay angry forever."
Jeremiah 3:13 Admit your wrongs, admit you've sinned against God, by following foreign customs under every green tree, and not listening to me, says God.
Jeremiah 3:14 Come back to me, you who have turned away, says God; for I am committed to you: I will choose one person from each city and two from each family, and I will bring you to Zion.
Jeremiah 3:15 I will give you leaders who please me, and they will teach you with knowledge and understanding.
Jeremiah 3:16 When you grow and become many in the land, in those days, God says, they will no longer talk about the ark of God's covenant. It will not be thought of, remembered, or visited, and that will not happen again.
Jeremiah 3:17 At that time, people will call Jerusalem God's throne; all nations will come together there to honor God. And they will no longer follow their own evil thoughts.
Jeremiah 3:18 During that time, the people of Judah will join with the people of Israel, and together they will come from the northern lands to the land I gave your ancestors as their inheritance.
Jeremiah 3:19 But I said, "How can I place you among the children and give you a beautiful land, a wonderful inheritance from many nations?" And I said, "You will call me 'My Father,' and will not turn away from me."
Jeremiah 3:20 Just as a wife dishonestly leaves her husband, so you have been dishonest with me, O people of Israel, says God.
Jeremiah 3:21 A cry was heard on the hills, the weeping and prayers of Israel's children: because they have twisted their path, and they have forgotten God.
Jeremiah 3:22 Come back, you who have strayed, and I will heal your wandering. We are returning to you because you are our God.
Jeremiah 3:23 Hoping for rescue from the hills or many mountains is truly useless: only from God is Israel's salvation.
Jeremiah 3:24 Shame has ruined our ancestors' hard work since we were young; their animals, their sons, and their daughters.
Jeremiah 3:25 We lay in our shame, and our disgrace covers us: because we have sinned against God, both we and our ancestors, from our youth to this day, and have not listened to God's voice.

Jeremiah 4:1 If you will come back, Israel, says God, come back to me. And if you will get rid of your bad things so I can't see them, then you will not be moved.
Jeremiah 4:2 You will swear, "God is alive," honestly, fairly, and rightly; and nations will praise themselves in him, and they will take pride in him.
Jeremiah 4:3 God says to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, "Prepare your unused land for planting, and do not sow seeds among thorns."
Jeremiah 4:4 Make your hearts pure for God, you men of Judah and people of Jerusalem, or my anger will burn like a fire that no one can put out because of your bad actions.
Jeremiah 4:5 Announce in Judah and tell everyone in Jerusalem; say, "Sound the trumpet throughout the land: shout loudly, come together, and let's go to the fortified cities."
Jeremiah 4:6 Raise a signal toward Zion. Get away and don't stop, for I will bring disaster from the north, and massive destruction.
Jeremiah 4:7 A lion has come out from his hiding place, and the one who destroys nations is coming; he has left his home to ruin your land; and your cities will be destroyed, with no one living in them.
Jeremiah 4:8 Put on rough cloth to show you are sad, cry loudly and mourn, because God's strong anger has not been turned away from us.
Jeremiah 4:9 On that day, God says, the king will be filled with fear, and so will the princes; the priests will be shocked, and the prophets will be amazed.
Jeremiah 4:10 I said, "Ah, God! You have truly misled these people and Jerusalem by telling them they will have peace, while the threat of death is so near."
Jeremiah 4:11 Then people will say to Jerusalem, "A harsh wind from the desert hills blows towards my people, not to cool or to clean them."
Jeremiah 4:12 A strong wind from there will come to me; now I will also pass judgment on them.
Jeremiah 4:13 Look, he will rise like clouds, his chariots will be like a storm: his horses are faster than eagles. Trouble for us! We are ruined.
Jeremiah 4:14 Jerusalem, clean your heart of evil so you can be saved. How long will your useless thoughts stay in you?
Jeremiah 4:15 A voice announces from Dan, and spreads news of trouble from Mount Ephraim.
Jeremiah 4:16 Tell the nations; look, announce to Jerusalem that guards are coming from a far land, and they shout against the towns of Judah.
Jeremiah 4:17 They surround her like guards in a field because she has rebelled against me, says God.
Jeremiah 4:18 Your actions have caused these things to happen to you; this is your wrongdoing, because it is harsh and it hurts you deeply.
Jeremiah 4:19 I am in deep pain and my heart hurts; it beats loudly inside me. I cannot stay quiet because, my soul, you have heard the war trumpet’s call.
Jeremiah 4:20 Destruction follows destruction; the whole land is ruined: suddenly my tents are destroyed, and my curtains in an instant.
Jeremiah 4:21 How long will I see the flag and hear the trumpet sound?
Jeremiah 4:22 My people are foolish, they don't know me; they are stupid children, without understanding. They are clever at doing wrong, but clueless about doing right.
Jeremiah 4:23 I saw the earth, and it was shapeless and empty; the skies were dark with no light.
Jeremiah 4:24 I saw the mountains, and look, they shook, and all the hills swayed gently.
Jeremiah 4:25 I saw, and look, there was no one, and all the birds of the sky had flown away.
Jeremiah 4:26 I saw that the fertile land had become a desert, and all its cities were destroyed because of God and his intense anger.
Jeremiah 4:27 God has said, the whole land will be empty; but I will not completely destroy it.
Jeremiah 4:28 Because of this, the earth will be sad and the sky will turn dark; for I have said it, planned it, and will not change my mind or go back on it.
Jeremiah 4:29 Everyone in the city will run away because of the noise of the horsemen and archers; they will hide in the bushes and climb the rocks. Every city will be empty, and no one will live there.
Jeremiah 4:30 When you are ruined, what will you do? Even if you wear red clothes, even if you put on gold jewelry, even if you put makeup on your face, it's useless to try to look beautiful; your lovers will hate you, they will want to kill you.
Jeremiah 4:31 I have heard a sound like a woman in labor, the agony of a first-time mother, the sound of Zion's daughter crying out, stretching out her hands and saying, "I am in distress now, for I am exhausted by killers."

Jeremiah 5:1 Go through Jerusalem's streets, look carefully, and search in its open spaces to see if you can find one person who acts justly and seeks truth; if so, I will forgive the city.
Jeremiah 5:2 Even though they say, "God is alive", they are truly lying when they swear.
Jeremiah 5:3 God, don't you look for honesty? You punished them, but they didn't care; you destroyed them, but they wouldn't learn. Their faces are tougher than stone; they wouldn't come back to you.
Jeremiah 5:4 So I thought, these people are poor and unwise because they don't know the way of God or understand His decisions.
Jeremiah 5:5 I will go to the leaders and talk to them; for they know God's path and the rulings of their God: but these people have completely broken off the yoke and torn apart the ties.
Jeremiah 5:6 So a lion from the woods will kill them, a wolf at night will destroy them, and a leopard will guard their cities. Anyone who leaves will be attacked because they have many sins and keep turning away from God.
Jeremiah 5:7 How can I forgive you for this? Your children left me and made promises to false gods. I gave them plenty to eat, but then they cheated on me and gathered at prostitutes' houses.
Jeremiah 5:8 They were like well-fed horses in the morning: each one desired his neighbor's wife.
Jeremiah 5:9 Will I not punish for these things? says God: and will not I take revenge on a nation like this?
Jeremiah 5:10 Climb up her walls and tear them down, but don't completely destroy everything; remove her defenses, for they don't belong to God.
Jeremiah 5:11 The people of Israel and Judah have been very unfaithful to me, says God.
Jeremiah 5:12 They have lied about God, and said, He is not the one; we won't face disaster; we won't see war or hunger.
Jeremiah 5:13 The prophets will turn into wind, and they do not have the word: this is how they will be treated.
Jeremiah 5:14 So God says, because you say this, look, I will turn my words in your mouth into fire, and these people into wood, and the fire will burn them up.
Jeremiah 5:15 Look, I will send a nation against you from far away, O people of Israel, says God: a powerful and old nation, a nation whose language you do not know or understand what they say.
Jeremiah 5:16 Their bag of arrows is like an open grave; they are all strong warriors.
Jeremiah 5:17 They will eat your crops and your bread that your sons and daughters should eat. They will consume your flocks and herds. They will destroy your vineyards and fig trees. They will ruin your protected cities, where you felt safe, with the sword.
Jeremiah 5:18 But in those days, says God, I will not completely destroy you.
Jeremiah 5:19 When you ask, "Why does God do all this to us?" you will say, "Just as you left me to worship other gods in your own land, you will serve foreigners in a land not your own."
Jeremiah 5:20 Tell this to the people of Jacob, and announce it in Judah:
Jeremiah 5:21 Listen to this, you foolish people without understanding; you have eyes but do not see, you have ears but do not hear.
Jeremiah 5:22 Are you not afraid of me? says God. Won't you shake in fear before me, who has set the sand as the sea's limit by a forever command, so it can't go past it? Even if its waves crash around, they still can't win; even if they roar, they cannot cross it.
Jeremiah 5:23 These people have a disobedient and rebellious heart; they have turned away and left.
Jeremiah 5:24 They don't think, "Let's respect God, who sends rain in the right seasons and sets the harvest times for us."
Jeremiah 5:25 Your wrongdoings have pushed away these blessings, and your sins have kept good things from you.
Jeremiah 5:26 Among my people there are bad people: they hide and wait like someone setting traps; they set a trap and catch others.
Jeremiah 5:27 Like a cage full of birds, their houses are full of lies; so they have become powerful and very rich.
Jeremiah 5:28 They have grown fat and sleek; indeed, they have gone beyond the evil deeds: they do not defend the rights of orphans, and yet they succeed; they also do not uphold the cause of the poor.
Jeremiah 5:29 Will I not punish them for these acts? says God. Won't I take revenge on a nation like this with my very being?
Jeremiah 5:30 A shocking and terrible thing has happened in the land;
Jeremiah 5:31 The prophets tell lies, and the priests lead with their help; and my people like it that way: but what will you do when it all ends?

Jeremiah 6:1 People of Benjamin, come together to escape from Jerusalem. Sound the horn in Tekoa, and light a beacon in Bethhaccerem. Danger is coming from the north, bringing huge ruin.
Jeremiah 6:2 I have compared Zion's daughter to a lovely and gentle woman.
Jeremiah 6:3 Shepherds and their flocks will come to her; they will set up their tents all around; they will each feed in their own area.
Jeremiah 6:4 Get ready for war against her; stand up, let's attack at noon. Trouble for us! The day is fading, and the evening shadows are getting long.
Jeremiah 6:5 Get up, and we'll go at night to destroy her grand houses.
Jeremiah 6:6 God has said, "Cut down trees and build a siege ramp against Jerusalem. This is the city that must be punished; there is nothing but oppression within her."
Jeremiah 6:7 Like a spring spouts water, she spouts her evil: violence and robbery are heard within her; pain and injury are always before me.
Jeremiah 6:8 Learn your lesson, Jerusalem, or I will turn away from you; I will make you empty, a place with no people.
Jeremiah 6:9 God says, "They will completely pick the remaining people of Israel like a vine: put your hand back like a grape picker into the baskets."
Jeremiah 6:10 Who should I talk to and warn so they will listen? Look, they don't want to hear and can't understand. God's message is offensive to them; they find no joy in it.
Jeremiah 6:11 So I am filled with God's anger, I can't hold it in: I will release it on the kids outside, and on groups of young men: because the husband and wife will be caught, as well as the old person with the very old.
Jeremiah 6:12 Their homes, lands, and wives will be given to others, because I will raise my hand against the people of this land, says God.
Jeremiah 6:13 From the least to the greatest, everyone is greedy; from the prophet to the priest, everyone lies.
Jeremiah 6:14 They have lightly healed my people's wound, saying, 'Peace, peace,' when there is no peace.
Jeremiah 6:15 Did they feel shame when they did something very wrong? No, they did not feel any shame, and they could not even blush. So they will fall like others who fall. When I punish them, they will be brought down, says God.
Jeremiah 6:16 God says, "Stand at the crossroads and look. Ask for the ancient paths, where the good way is, and walk in it. Then you will find peace for yourselves." But they said, "We won't walk in it."
Jeremiah 6:17 I also placed guards over you, saying, "Listen to the trumpet." But they said, "We will not listen."
Jeremiah 6:18 Listen, nations, and understand, community, what is happening among them.
Jeremiah 6:19 Listen, Earth: I will bring trouble on these people, the result of their thinking, because they did not listen to my words or my law, but rejected it.
Jeremiah 6:20 Why do you bring me incense from Sheba and sweet cane from distant lands? Your burnt offerings are not acceptable, and your sacrifices do not please me.
Jeremiah 6:21 So God says, "Look, I will put obstacles in front of these people. Both fathers and sons will trip over them, and neighbors and friends will be destroyed."
Jeremiah 6:22 God says, "Look, a people is coming from the north land, and a great nation will arise from the far parts of the earth."
Jeremiah 6:23 They will grab bows and spears; they are harsh and show no kindness; their voices are loud like the ocean; they ride on horses, lined up ready to fight you, daughter of Zion.
Jeremiah 6:24 We have heard of its fame; our hands grow weak; distress grips us, and pain like that of a woman giving birth.
Jeremiah 6:25 Do not go into the field or walk on the road; the enemy's sword and fear are all around.
Jeremiah 6:26 My people's daughter, put on rough clothing and roll in the ashes. Cry bitterly as if for an only child, because the destroyer will soon come upon us.
Jeremiah 6:27 I have made you a tower and stronghold among my people so that you can understand and test their ways.
Jeremiah 6:28 They all rebel greatly, spreading lies; they are like brass and iron; they all corrupt.
Jeremiah 6:29 The blowers are scorched, the lead is melted by the fire; the metalworker tries in vain to purify, because the evil are not removed.
Jeremiah 6:30 People will call them worthless silver because God has rejected them.

Jeremiah 7:1 God told Jeremiah,
Jeremiah 7:2 Stand at the entrance of God's house, speak this message, and say, "Listen to God's word, all you from Judah who come through these gates to worship God."
Jeremiah 7:3 God, the ruler of all, says to the people of Israel: Change how you live and act, and I will let you live here.
Jeremiah 7:4 Don't trust in false words that say, "This is God's temple, God's temple, God's temple."
Jeremiah 7:5 If you truly change your ways and actions; if you honestly apply justice between one person and another;
Jeremiah 7:6 If you do not mistreat foreigners, orphans, and widows, and do not kill innocent people here, and do not follow other gods to your own harm:
Jeremiah 7:7 I will let you live in this place, in the land I gave to your ancestors, forever and always.
Jeremiah 7:8 Look, you believe in false words that are of no use.
Jeremiah 7:9 Will you steal, kill, cheat, lie, worship Baal, and follow unknown gods?
Jeremiah 7:10 Come stand before me in this house, named for me, and say, 'We are saved so we can do all these wrong things?'
Jeremiah 7:11 Do you see this house, known as my house, as a thieves' hideout? I have seen it too, says God.
Jeremiah 7:12 Go to the place I chose first in Shiloh, where I made my name known, and see what I did to it because of the evil done by my people Israel.
Jeremiah 7:13 Now, because you have done all these things, says God, I spoke to you again and again, but you did not listen; I called you, but you did not answer.
Jeremiah 7:14 So I will treat this temple, known by my name where you trust, and the place I gave to you and your ancestors, just as I did to Shiloh.
Jeremiah 7:15 I will throw you away from me, like I threw away all your brothers, the entire family of Ephraim.
Jeremiah 7:16 So do not pray for these people, do not beg or plead for them, and do not ask me to help them, because I will not listen to you.
Jeremiah 7:17 Don't you see what they do in the towns of Judah and the streets of Jerusalem?
Jeremiah 7:18 The children collect wood, the fathers start the fire, and the women prepare their bread to make cakes for the queen of heaven, and to offer drinks to other gods, making me angry.
Jeremiah 7:19 Are they making me angry? says God. Aren't they just confusing themselves?
Jeremiah 7:20 So God says, "Look, I will pour out my anger and fury on this place, on people, animals, trees, and crops. It will burn and not be put out."
Jeremiah 7:21 God, the God of Israel, says: Add your burnt offerings to your sacrifices and eat meat.
Jeremiah 7:22 I did not tell your ancestors, nor did I command them about burnt offerings or sacrifices when I brought them out of Egypt.
Jeremiah 7:23 I told them to obey me, and I will be your God, and you will be my people. Follow all my commands, so things will go well for you.
Jeremiah 7:24 But they didn't listen or pay attention. Instead, they followed their own plans and desires of their evil hearts. They went backwards, not forwards.
Jeremiah 7:25 Since the time your ancestors left Egypt until now, I have sent you my prophets, day after day, getting up early to send them.
Jeremiah 7:26 They did not listen to me or pay attention, but they were stubborn, doing worse than their ancestors.
Jeremiah 7:27 So you must tell them all these words, but they will not listen to you; you must also call to them, but they will not respond to you.
Jeremiah 7:28 You should tell them, "This nation does not listen to God's voice and does not accept correction. Truth is gone and no longer spoken by them."
Jeremiah 7:29 Shave your head, Jerusalem, throw away your hair, and cry on the hills, because God has rejected and abandoned the people he is angry with.
Jeremiah 7:30 The people of Judah have done wrong in my eyes, says God; they have put their disgusting things in the temple that has my name, to make it dirty.
Jeremiah 7:31 They made worship sites at Tophet in Hinnom valley, to burn their sons and daughters in fire; I never told them to do this, and I never thought of such a thing.
Jeremiah 7:32 So, look, days are coming, says God, that it will not be named Tophet, or the valley of Hinnom's son, but the valley of killing: for they will bury in Tophet until there is no space.
Jeremiah 7:33 The dead bodies of these people will become food for the birds of the sky and the animals of the earth, and no one will scare them away.
Jeremiah 7:34 I will stop the sounds of joy and happiness, and the voices of the bride and groom in the towns of Judah and the streets of Jerusalem, because the land will be empty.

Jeremiah 8:1 At that time, God says, they will take out the bones of the kings of Judah, the bones of the princes, the bones of the priests, the bones of the prophets, and the bones of the people of Jerusalem from their graves.
Jeremiah 8:2 They will lay them out under the sun, and the moon, and all the stars in the sky, which they loved, served, followed, sought after, and worshipped. They won't be collected or buried; they will become like waste on the ground.
Jeremiah 8:3 Those left from this wicked family, in every place where I've sent them, will prefer death over life, says God.
Jeremiah 8:4 Also, tell them, "This is what God says: If they fall, won't they get up? If someone turns away, won't they come back?"
Jeremiah 8:5 Why do the people of Jerusalem keep turning away forever? They cling to lies and won't turn back.
Jeremiah 8:6 I listened and heard, but they did not speak correctly: no one felt sorry for their evil ways, asking, "What have I done?" Everyone kept to their own path, like a horse charging into battle.
Jeremiah 8:7 Yes, the stork in the sky knows her set times; and the dove, the crane, and the swallow keep track of their migration time; but my people do not understand God's laws.
Jeremiah 8:8 Why do you say, "We are wise, and we have God's law"? Look, it was useless for him to write it; the scribes' work is useless.
Jeremiah 8:9 The wise men feel ashamed, confused, and trapped because they have ignored God's word; so, what wisdom do they really have?
Jeremiah 8:10 So I will give their wives to others and their fields to new owners, because everyone, from the least to the greatest, is greedy, and from the prophet to the priest, everyone lies.
Jeremiah 8:11 They have only slightly healed my people's wounds, saying, "Peace, peace," when there is no peace.
Jeremiah 8:12 Did they feel shame when they did wrong? No, they had no shame at all and could not even blush. So they will fall with those who fall; when it's time for their punishment, they will be brought down, says God.
Jeremiah 8:13 God says, "I will certainly destroy them. There will be no grapes on the vines, no figs on the fig trees, and the leaves will wither. Everything I gave them will be taken away."
Jeremiah 8:14 Why are we just sitting here? Let's gather and go into the fortified cities and stay quiet there: for God has made us silent and given us bitter water to drink because we have sinned against God.
Jeremiah 8:15 We hoped for peace, but nothing good happened; we wanted a time of healing, but we found distress!
Jeremiah 8:16 People heard his horses snorting from Dan; the land shook from the noise of his mighty horses. They came, ate up the land, and everything in it, including the city and its people.
Jeremiah 8:17 Look, I will send snakes, venomous ones, among you, which cannot be tamed, and they will bite you, says God.
Jeremiah 8:18 When I try to soothe my sadness, my heart feels weak inside me.
Jeremiah 8:19 Listen to my people's daughter crying out from a distant land: Isn't God in Zion? Isn't her king there? Why have they made me angry with their idols and pointless foreign gods?
Jeremiah 8:20 The harvest is over, the summer has finished, and we are not rescued.
Jeremiah 8:21 I am in pain because my people are suffering; I am deeply sad and shocked.
Jeremiah 8:22 Is there no medicine in Gilead; is there no doctor there? Why then isn't the health of my people restored?

Jeremiah 9:1 I wish my head were full of water, and my eyes were a stream of tears, so I could cry day and night for the people who have been killed.
Jeremiah 9:2 I wish I had a traveler's shelter in the desert so I could leave my people and get away from them; they are all unfaithful, a group of liars.
Jeremiah 9:3 They twist their words like a bow for lies; they are not brave for the truth on earth; they go from one bad act to another and do not know me, says God.
Jeremiah 9:4 Be careful of everyone around you, and don't trust any brother fully; for every brother may betray you, and every neighbor might spread lies.
Jeremiah 9:5 Everyone will trick their neighbor and not tell the truth; they have trained their tongue to lie and exhaust themselves doing wrong.
Jeremiah 9:6 Your home is in the middle of lies; because of these lies, they choose not to know me, says God.
Jeremiah 9:7 So this is what God says: "Look, I will test them and refine them; because what else can I do for my people's children?"
Jeremiah 9:8 Their tongue is like a shot arrow; it tells lies. They talk kindly to their neighbor with their mouth, but in their heart, they set a trap.
Jeremiah 9:9 Won't I punish them for these acts? says God. Won't I take revenge on a nation like this with all my being?
Jeremiah 9:10 I will cry and wail for the mountains, and mourn for the desert settlements, because they are scorched and no one can travel through them; no one can hear the cattle, and the birds of the sky and the animals have fled; they have disappeared.
Jeremiah 9:11 I will turn Jerusalem into piles of rubble, a home for dragons; I will make the towns of Judah empty, with no one living there.
Jeremiah 9:12 Who is the wise person who can understand this? And who has God spoken to so they can explain it, why the land is dying and scorched like a desert, empty and unused?
Jeremiah 9:13 God says, "They have left my law which I gave them, have not listened to my voice, or followed it."
Jeremiah 9:14 But they followed the desires of their own heart and worshiped Baal, as their ancestors taught them.
Jeremiah 9:15 So this is what God, the God of Israel, says: Look, I will make them, this nation, eat bitter plants, and drink poisoned water.
Jeremiah 9:16 I will spread them among nations that neither they nor their ancestors have known, and I will chase them with a sword until they are destroyed.
Jeremiah 9:17 God says, "Think about this, and ask the weeping women to come; invite the skilled women to come too."
Jeremiah 9:18 Let them hurry and cry for us, so our eyes fill with tears, and our eyelids overflow with water.
Jeremiah 9:19 A sound of crying comes from Zion, "We are ruined! We are totally ashamed because we left our land, our homes have thrown us out."
Jeremiah 9:20 Listen to God's word, women, take in his message, show your daughters how to cry, and teach each other how to mourn.
Jeremiah 9:21 Death has climbed through our windows and entered our palaces, to take away children from outside, and young men from the streets.
Jeremiah 9:22 Say this, God says, "Dead bodies will lie like waste on the ground, like cut grain left by the reaper, with no one to pick them up."
Jeremiah 9:23 God says, "Don't let the wise man boast about his wisdom, don't let the strong man boast about his strength, don't let the rich man boast about his wealth."
Jeremiah 9:24 But if anyone wants to boast, let them boast about this: that they understand and know God, who shows kindness, fairness, and what is right on the earth, because God takes pleasure in these things.
Jeremiah 9:25 Look, a time is coming, says God, when I will punish both the circumcised and the uncircumcised.
Jeremiah 9:26 Egypt, Judah, Edom, Ammon's children, Moab, and everyone from faraway places living in the desert: all these nations are not circumcised, and all Israel's people are not circumcised in heart.

Jeremiah 10:1 Listen to the message that God is giving you, people of Israel.
Jeremiah 10:2 God says, "Don't follow the heathen's ways, and don't be scared of the sky signs; the heathen are scared of them."
Jeremiah 10:3 The ways of the people are worthless: someone cuts down a tree from the woods, made by a worker using an axe.
Jeremiah 10:4 They decorate it with silver and gold; they use nails and hammers to secure it so it doesn't move.
Jeremiah 10:5 They stand straight like palm trees but cannot speak. They need to be carried since they cannot walk. Do not fear them; they cannot do harm, nor can they do good.
Jeremiah 10:6 No one is like you, God; you are great, and your name is powerful.
Jeremiah 10:7 Who wouldn't respect you, King of nations? It belongs to you; because among all the wise people of the nations, and in all their kingdoms, no one is like you.
Jeremiah 10:8 But they are all senseless and foolish; their idol is just a teaching about worthless things.
Jeremiah 10:9 Silver made into sheets is brought from Tarshish and gold from Uphaz, made by craftsmen and metalworkers. Their clothes are blue and purple, all created by skilled artisans.
Jeremiah 10:10 God is the real God, the living God, and a forever king: when he is angry, the earth will shake, and the countries won't stand his anger.
Jeremiah 10:11 Tell them, "The gods who did not create the sky and the earth will vanish from the earth and from under the sky."
Jeremiah 10:12 God made the earth with his power, set up the world with his wisdom, and spread out the skies with his understanding.
Jeremiah 10:13 When he speaks, many waters form in the sky, and he makes vapors rise from the earth's edges; he creates lightning with rain, and brings wind from his storerooms.
Jeremiah 10:14 Everyone is foolish in what they know; every metal worker is ashamed of their idol, because what they pour as an image is a lie, and there is no life in them.
Jeremiah 10:15 They are worthless and make mistakes; when it's time for them to be judged, they will be destroyed.
Jeremiah 10:16 Jacob's share is not like theirs: he is the maker of everything; and Israel is the tribe he inherits: God of all armies is his name.
Jeremiah 10:17 Collect your belongings from the land, person living in the strong place.
Jeremiah 10:18 God says, "I will throw out the people living in the land this time and trouble them so they realize it."
Jeremiah 10:19 I am in trouble because I am hurt! My injury is serious, but I thought, This is truly sad, and I must endure it.
Jeremiah 10:20 My tent is ruined, all its ropes are snapped; my children have left me, and they are gone. No one is left to put up my tent or hang my curtains.
Jeremiah 10:21 The leaders have become foolish and have not looked for God: so they will not succeed, and all their flocks will be spread out.
Jeremiah 10:22 Look, the sound of the report has arrived, and a big disturbance from the north to leave the towns of Judah empty, and a home for dragons.
Jeremiah 10:23 God, I understand that a person's path is not decided by themselves: it is not for the one who walks to choose their own way.
Jeremiah 10:24 God, correct me fairly, not in anger, or I will be destroyed.
Jeremiah 10:25 Release your anger on the nations that don't know you, and on the peoples who don't pray to you: for they have attacked Jacob, destroyed him, and left his home empty.

Jeremiah 11:1 God told Jeremiah:
Jeremiah 11:2 Listen to the words of this agreement and tell them to the people of Judah and the residents of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 11:3 Tell them, "This is what God of Israel says: The person who does not follow the words of this agreement will be cursed."
Jeremiah 11:4 On the day I led your ancestors out of Egypt, the land of harsh labor, I told them: "Listen to me and do as I say. Then you will be my people, and I will be your God."
Jeremiah 11:5 I want to keep the promise I made to your ancestors to give them a land rich with milk and honey, just like today. Then I replied, "Let it be so, God."
Jeremiah 11:6 Then God told me, "Announce all these words in the towns of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem. Say, 'Listen to the terms of this agreement and follow them.'"
Jeremiah 11:7 I strongly warned your ancestors when I took them from Egypt, and I've continued until today, telling them to listen to me.
Jeremiah 11:8 They did not obey or listen, instead they followed their own evil desires. So I will make them face all the consequences of the agreement I gave them to follow, but they did not.
Jeremiah 11:9 God told me, "There is a plot among the people of Judah and the residents of Jerusalem."
Jeremiah 11:10 They have returned to the sins of their ancestors, who didn't listen to my words; they followed other gods to worship them: both Israel and Judah have broken the agreement I made with their ancestors.
Jeremiah 11:11 So God says, "I will bring trouble to them that they can't escape. Even if they call out to me, I won't listen."
Jeremiah 11:12 Then the towns of Judah and people of Jerusalem will cry to the gods they burned incense to, but those gods won't rescue them when they're in trouble.
Jeremiah 11:13 Judah, you had as many gods as you had cities; you built as many altars for that disgraceful idol as there are streets in Jerusalem, altars to offer incense to Baal.
Jeremiah 11:14 Do not pray for these people, nor call out or pray for them, because I will not listen when they call to me in their trouble.
Jeremiah 11:15 Why is my loved one in my house when she has done shameful things with many, and the sacred meat is gone from you? When you do wrong, you are happy.
Jeremiah 11:16 God named you a green olive tree, beautiful with good fruit. But with loud noise, he set fire to it, and its branches are broken.
Jeremiah 11:17 God, who planted you, has declared disaster because of the wrongs of Israel and Judah, who angered me by burning incense to Baal.
Jeremiah 11:18 God has given me knowledge of it, and I know it: then you showed me what they have done.
Jeremiah 11:19 But I was like a lamb or an ox led to be killed; I did not know they had planned against me, saying, "Let's destroy the tree and its fruit, and let's cut him off from the world of the living, so that his name will be forgotten."
Jeremiah 11:20 But, God of all, who judges fairly and tests our minds and feelings, let me see your revenge on them, because I have told you my reasons.
Jeremiah 11:21 So, God tells the people of Anathoth who want to kill you, "Do not speak God's words, or we will kill you."
Jeremiah 11:22 So God says, "Look, I will punish them: the young men will die by the sword; their sons and daughters will die by hunger."
Jeremiah 11:23 No one from them will survive because I will bring disaster upon the people of Anathoth when it's time to punish them.

Jeremiah 12:1 You are right, God, when I speak with you. But let me ask you about your decisions: Why do bad people succeed? Why are all the cheaters happy?
Jeremiah 12:2 You have planted them, and they have taken root; they grow and produce fruit. You are on their lips, but far from their hearts.
Jeremiah 12:3 But you, God, know me; you see me and test my heart towards you. Take them away like sheep to be killed, and get them ready for their day of slaughter.
Jeremiah 12:4 How long will the land be sad, and the plants in the fields dry up, because of the bad things the people living there do? The animals and birds are dying, because they think, "God won't see what happens to us in the end."
Jeremiah 12:5 If you have raced with runners and they have tired you, then how can you race against horses? And if you get tired in a peaceful land where you felt safe, then what will you do when the Jordan River overflows?
Jeremiah 12:6 Even your own brothers and your father's family have been unfaithful to you; they have led a crowd against you. Do not trust them, even if they speak nicely to you.
Jeremiah 12:7 I have abandoned my home, I have left my inheritance; I have handed over the one I love deeply to her enemies.
Jeremiah 12:8 My inheritance is like a lion in the woods to me; it yells at me, so I have come to hate it.
Jeremiah 12:9 My inheritance is like a bird with mixed colors, and the other birds are against it; all you animals of the field, come and eat it up.
Jeremiah 12:10 Many shepherds have ruined my vineyard; they have walked all over my land; they have turned my lovely field into an empty wasteland.
Jeremiah 12:11 They have ruined it, and now it's sad and cries out to me; the whole land is ruined, because no one cares.
Jeremiah 12:12 Robbers have attacked all the high places in the desert; God's sword will destroy everything from one end of the land to the other, and no one will be safe.
Jeremiah 12:13 They planted wheat but will harvest thorns; they worked hard for no gain; and they will be embarrassed by your crops because of God's intense anger.
Jeremiah 12:14 God says to all my bad neighbors who interfere with the land I gave to my people Israel: I will remove them from their land, and take out the house of Judah from among them.
Jeremiah 12:15 After I remove them, I will come back, show them kindness, and bring each person back to their own property and land.
Jeremiah 12:16 If they carefully learn the ways of my people and swear by my name, saying 'God lives,' just as they taught my people to swear by Baal, then they will be established among my people.
Jeremiah 12:17 If they don't obey, I will completely uproot and destroy that nation, says God.

Jeremiah 13:1 God said to me, "Go and buy a linen belt and wear it around your waist, but do not put it in water."
Jeremiah 13:2 So I took a belt as God had said, and tied it around my waist.
Jeremiah 13:3 God's message came to me again, saying,
Jeremiah 13:4 Take the belt you have, which is around your waist, get up, go to the Euphrates, and hide it in a rock's hole.
Jeremiah 13:5 So I went and hid it by the Euphrates, just as God told me to.
Jeremiah 13:6 After many days, God told me, "Get up, go to the Euphrates and get the belt I told you to hide there."
Jeremiah 13:7 I went to the Euphrates, dug up, and took the belt from where I hid it, and look, the belt was ruined, it was useless.
Jeremiah 13:8 God's message came to me, saying,
Jeremiah 13:9 God says, I will ruin the pride of Judah and the big pride of Jerusalem in this way.
Jeremiah 13:10 These bad people, who won't listen to what I say, who follow their own desires, and worship other gods, serving them, will be like this useless belt.
Jeremiah 13:11 Just as a belt fits tightly around a person's waist, I brought the entire nations of Israel and Judah close to me, declares God, so they would be my people, bring me fame, praise, and honor. But they did not listen.
Jeremiah 13:12 So, tell them this message: God of Israel says, every jar will be filled with wine. And when they ask you, "Don't we already know that every jar will be filled with wine?"
Jeremiah 13:13 Then you will tell them, 'This is what God says: Look, I will make everyone in this land, including the kings on David's throne, the priests, the prophets, and all the people of Jerusalem, very drunk.
Jeremiah 13:14 I will smash them against each other, fathers and sons alike, says God. I will show no pity or mercy and will destroy them.
Jeremiah 13:15 Listen and pay attention; don't be proud: for God has spoken.
Jeremiah 13:16 Praise God before he brings darkness, before you trip on the shadowy mountains, and while you seek light, he turns it to deep shadow, and makes it very dark.
Jeremiah 13:17 If you don't listen, I will cry quietly because of your pride; my eyes will cry a lot and overflow with tears, because God's people are taken as prisoners.
Jeremiah 13:18 Tell the king and the queen to be humble and sit down, because their power will fall, including the crown they're proud of.
Jeremiah 13:19 The southern cities will be closed, with no one to open them. Everyone in Judah will be taken away as prisoners, completely taken away.
Jeremiah 13:20 Look up and see those coming from the north: where is the group of sheep given to you, your beautiful sheep?
Jeremiah 13:21 What will you say when God punishes you? You have trained them to lead and command over you; will you not be in pain like a woman giving birth?
Jeremiah 13:22 If you think, "Why are these things happening to me?" It is because of your great sins that you are exposed and humiliated.
Jeremiah 13:23 Can a person change their skin color or a leopard its spots? In the same way, you who always do bad might start doing good.
Jeremiah 13:24 So I will spread them out like straw blown away by the desert wind.
Jeremiah 13:25 This is what you get, the share I have given you, says God; because you forgot me and believed in lies.
Jeremiah 13:26 So I will lift your skirts over your face, and your disgrace will be seen.
Jeremiah 13:27 I have seen your unfaithfulness and your wild desires, the shameful acts of your prostitution, and the disgusting things you do on the hills in the fields. How terrible for you, Jerusalem! Will you ever be clean? When will it happen?

Jeremiah 14:1 The message from God that came to Jeremiah about the drought.
Jeremiah 14:2 Judah is sad, its gates are weak; they look dark to the ground; and Jerusalem's cry has risen.
Jeremiah 14:3 Their leaders sent their young ones for water. They went to the wells and found no water. They came back with their containers empty. They felt shame and disappointment and hid their faces.
Jeremiah 14:4 Because the ground is cracked, since there was no rain on the land, the farmers were embarrassed, and they covered their heads.
Jeremiah 14:5 Yes, the female deer gave birth in the field and left her newborn because there was no grass.
Jeremiah 14:6 The wild donkeys stood on the hills, they breathed in the wind like dragons; they went blind because there was no grass.
Jeremiah 14:7 God, even though our sins speak against us, act for your name's sake, because we have often turned away and have sinned against you.
Jeremiah 14:8 God, the hope of Israel and its savior in times of trouble, why do you seem like a stranger in the land, like a traveler who just stops to stay for one night?
Jeremiah 14:9 Why should you seem like a shocked man, like a strong man who can't save? But you, God, are with us, and we carry your name; don't leave us.
Jeremiah 14:10 God says to these people, "They love to wander and have not stopped their feet, so God does not accept them; he will now remember their wrongs and punish their sins."
Jeremiah 14:11 Then God said to me, "Do not pray for the good of these people."
Jeremiah 14:12 When they go without food, I will not listen to their calls; when they make a burnt offering and gifts, I will not take them. Instead, I will destroy them with war, hunger, and disease.
Jeremiah 14:13 Then I said, "Oh, God! Look, the prophets tell them, 'You won't see war or suffer from hunger; I will give you true peace in this place.'"
Jeremiah 14:14 Then God said to me, "The prophets are telling lies using my name: I did not send them, nor did I tell them to speak, nor have I spoken to them: they are giving you fake visions, using magic, and telling worthless and deceitful things from their own minds.
Jeremiah 14:15 So God says this about the prophets who say they speak for me, but I did not send them: They claim there will be no war or famine in this land, but it's by war and famine that those prophets will be destroyed.
Jeremiah 14:16 The people they tell prophecies to will be thrown onto the streets of Jerusalem because of hunger and war; no one will bury them, their wives, their sons, or their daughters: because I will bring their evil down on them.
Jeremiah 14:17 Tell them this: Let my eyes cry tears day and night without stopping, for my people's young daughter is deeply hurt by a terrible wound.
Jeremiah 14:18 If I go out to the fields, I see those killed by the sword! If I go into the city, I see people suffering from hunger! Yes, both the prophet and the priest wander in a land they do not know.
Jeremiah 14:19 Have you completely rejected Judah? Do you dislike Zion? Why have you hit us, and there's no cure for us? We hoped for peace, but there's nothing good; we waited for a time to heal, but instead, we found trouble!
Jeremiah 14:20 We admit, God, our wrongs and our ancestors' sins, for we have sinned against you.
Jeremiah 14:21 Do not hate us, for the sake of your name, do not dishonor your glorious throne: remember, do not break your promise to us.
Jeremiah 14:22 Do any of the false gods of other nations bring rain? Can the sky itself send down showers? Aren't you the one, our God? So we will wait for you, for you created everything.

Jeremiah 15:1 God said to me, "Even if Moses and Samuel stood before me, I would not favor these people. Throw them out of my sight and let them leave."
Jeremiah 15:2 If people ask you, "Where should we go?" you should tell them, "God says: those who are to die will die; those who are to be killed by the sword will be killed by the sword; those who are to starve will starve; and those who are to be taken captive will be taken captive."
Jeremiah 15:3 I will set four destroyers against them, God says: the sword to kill, the dogs to rip apart, the birds from the sky, and the animals of the earth to eat and ruin.
Jeremiah 15:4 I will make them be scattered to all countries of the world, because of what Manasseh son of Hezekiah, king of Judah, did in Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 15:5 Who will feel sorry for you, O Jerusalem? Who will grieve for you? Who will stop to ask how you are?
Jeremiah 15:6 You have left me, says God, you have turned away; so I will reach out my hand against you and destroy you; I am tired of changing my mind.
Jeremiah 15:7 I will scatter them with a fan at the land's entrances; I will take away their children, I will wipe out my people because they do not turn from their ways.
Jeremiah 15:8 More widows have come to me than grains of sand in the sea: I've brought a destroyer at midday against young men's mothers. I made him strike suddenly, bringing fear to the city.
Jeremiah 15:9 The woman who had seven children is weak; she has died. Her life ended unexpectedly early. She is humiliated and distressed. And I will let their remaining people be defeated by their enemies' swords, says God.
Jeremiah 15:10 I am in trouble, my mother, because you gave birth to me as a man who argues and fights with everyone! I haven't borrowed money for interest, nor have I loaned money for interest; but everyone is cursing me.
Jeremiah 15:11 God said, "It will truly be good for your survivors; I will make the enemy treat you well in times of trouble and suffering."
Jeremiah 15:12 Can iron break the iron from the north and the steel?
Jeremiah 15:13 I will give away your wealth and treasures for nothing because of all your sins, throughout your entire land.
Jeremiah 15:14 I will make you go with your enemies to a land you don't know: because a fire has started in my anger that will burn you.
Jeremiah 15:15 God, you know: remember me, visit me, and take revenge for me on those who are after me; don't take me away while you are patient: know that I have been criticized because of you.
Jeremiah 15:16 I found your words and took them to heart; they made me happy and filled my heart with joy because I am known as one of your people, God of all.
Jeremiah 15:17 I did not sit with the mockers or celebrate; I sat by myself because of what you did; you have made me very angry.
Jeremiah 15:18 Why does my pain never end, and my wound cannot be healed and won't get better? Will you be like someone who lies to me, and like water that disappears?
Jeremiah 15:19 So God says, "If you come back, I will bring you back to stand before me. And if you separate the valuable from the worthless, you will be like my spokesperson. Let them come back to you, but do not go back to them."
Jeremiah 15:20 I will make you like a strong bronze wall to these people: they will fight against you, but they won't win over you, because I am with you to save and free you, says God.
Jeremiah 15:21 I will save you from the wicked and rescue you from the terrible.

Jeremiah 16:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Jeremiah 16:2 Do not marry or have sons or daughters here.
Jeremiah 16:3 God says this about the boys and girls born here, about their mothers who gave birth to them, and about their fathers who fathered them in this land;
Jeremiah 16:4 They will die painful deaths; no one will mourn for them; they won't be buried; they'll be like waste on the ground. They will be killed by war and hunger; and their bodies will be food for the birds and wild animals.
Jeremiah 16:5 God says, "Do not go into the house of mourning, nor grieve or weep for them, for I have removed my peace from these people," says God, "along with kindness and compassion."
Jeremiah 16:6 Everyone, both important and unimportant, will die in this land. They won't be buried, and no one will mourn, cut themselves, or shave their heads for them.
Jeremiah 16:7 People will not cut themselves in grief for others or offer comfort for the dead, nor will anyone give a comforting drink for someone's father or mother.
Jeremiah 16:8 Do not go into the place where people feast, to sit with them and eat and drink.
Jeremiah 16:9 God, the God of Israel, says: I will make the sounds of joy and celebration, the voices of the bride and groom, stop in this place before your very eyes during your lifetime.
Jeremiah 16:10 When you tell these people everything I’ve said, they will ask you, "Why has God declared such great disaster for us? What wrong have we done? What sin have we committed against our God?"
Jeremiah 16:11 Then you will tell them, 'Your ancestors left me,' says God, 'followed other gods, served and worshiped them, abandoned me, and didn't follow my laws.'
Jeremiah 16:12 You have acted worse than your ancestors; look, each of you follows their own wicked desires, refusing to listen to me.
Jeremiah 16:13 So I will throw you out of this land into a land you and your ancestors don't know. There you will worship other gods all the time. I will not be kind to you there.
Jeremiah 16:14 So, listen, the days will come, God says, that people will no longer say, "God lives, who brought the Israelites out of Egypt."
Jeremiah 16:15 But God lives, who brought the people of Israel from the northern land and all the places where he scattered them: and I will return them to their own land that I gave to their ancestors.
Jeremiah 16:16 Look, I will send many fishermen, says God, and they will fish for people; then I will send many hunters, and they will hunt for them on every mountain, on every hill, and from the rock holes.
Jeremiah 16:17 I see all their actions; nothing they do is hidden from me, nor is their wrongdoing hidden from my sight.
Jeremiah 16:18 First, I will repay their wrongdoing and sin twice over, because they have polluted my land and filled my inheritance with the dead bodies of their disgusting and hateful things.
Jeremiah 16:19 God, my strength and safe place, when trouble comes, people from all over the world will turn to you and admit that what their ancestors believed was false and useless.
Jeremiah 16:20 Can a person make their own gods when they are not really gods?
Jeremiah 16:21 So, I will let them see who I am this time, let them know my power and strength; and they will understand that my name is God.

Jeremiah 17:1 Judah's sin is deeply engraved on their hearts and on your altars' corners as if written with an iron pen and diamond tip.
Jeremiah 17:2 While their children recall their altars and sacred gardens near the green trees on the tall hills.
Jeremiah 17:3 I will give away all your wealth and treasures, and your worship places in the field because of sin, across your land.
Jeremiah 17:4 You will stop having the land I gave you; and I will make you serve your enemies in a land you don't know: because you have made me very angry, and it will burn forever.
Jeremiah 17:5 God says, "A curse on the person who trusts in other people, who depends on human strength, and turns away from God."
Jeremiah 17:6 He will be like a lonely plant in the desert, not seeing when good comes; he will live in dry areas of the wasteland, in salty land where no one lives.
Jeremiah 17:7 Happy is the person who trusts in God and whose hope is God.
Jeremiah 17:8 He will be like a tree by the water, sending out roots by the stream, not fearing the heat with green leaves, not worrying in dry times, never stopping making fruit.
Jeremiah 17:9 The heart can lie more than anything else and is very bad: who can understand it?
Jeremiah 17:10 I, God, search the heart and test the mind, to reward everyone according to their behavior and the results of their actions.
Jeremiah 17:11 Like a bird that sits on eggs it can't hatch, a person who gets money unfairly will lose it before their life is half over, and in the end, they will be foolish.
Jeremiah 17:12 A magnificent, lofty throne since the start is where our holy place is.
Jeremiah 17:13 God, the hope of Israel, all who leave you will be embarrassed, and those who turn away from me will be named in the dust, because they have left God, the source of living water.
Jeremiah 17:14 Heal me, God, and I will be healed; save me, and I will be saved; for you are my praise.
Jeremiah 17:15 Look, they ask me, "Where is God's message? Let it come now."
Jeremiah 17:16 As for me, I did not rush to stop being a shepherd to follow you; I did not wish for the terrible day; you know this: what I said was true in your presence.
Jeremiah 17:17 Don't scare me; you are my hope when things are bad.
Jeremiah 17:18 May those who chase me be confused, but keep me from confusion; let them be afraid, but keep me from fear; bring a day of trouble on them, and ruin them completely.
Jeremiah 17:19 God told me to go and stand at the city gate where the people of Judah's kings enter and exit, and at all of Jerusalem's gates.
Jeremiah 17:20 Tell them, "Listen to God's message, you kings of Judah, everyone in Judah, and all who live in Jerusalem and go through these gates."
Jeremiah 17:21 God says: Be careful and do not carry any load on the Sabbath day, or bring it through the gates of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 17:22 Do not take anything from your homes or do any work on the Sabbath, but keep it as a special day, just as I told your ancestors.
Jeremiah 17:23 But they did not obey or listen; instead, they were stubborn and would not hear or accept teaching.
Jeremiah 17:24 If you carefully listen to me, says God, do not carry any load through the city gates on the Sabbath; respect the Sabbath as a day of rest with no work.
Jeremiah 17:25 Kings and princes will come into the gates of this city. They will sit on David's throne and ride in chariots and on horses, along with their princes, the men of Judah, and the people of Jerusalem. And this city will last forever.
Jeremiah 17:26 People will come from Judah's cities, areas around Jerusalem, Benjamin's land, the plains, the mountains, and the south, bringing burnt offerings, sacrifices, grain offerings, and incense, as well as praise offerings, to God's house.
Jeremiah 17:27 If you don't listen to me, to keep the Sabbath day holy, and not carry any load through Jerusalem's gates on the Sabbath; then I will start a fire in its gates that will destroy Jerusalem's buildings, and it won't be put out.

Jeremiah 18:1 The message that came to Jeremiah from God said,
Jeremiah 18:2 Get up and go to the potter's house, where I will make you hear my message.
Jeremiah 18:3 I went to the potter's house and saw him making something on the wheel.
Jeremiah 18:4 The clay pot the potter was making got ruined in his hands, so he made a different pot in a way he thought was best.
Jeremiah 18:5 Then God spoke to me, saying,
Jeremiah 18:6 People of Israel, can't I deal with you as a potter does? says God. Look, just as clay is in the potter's control, so are you in my control, people of Israel.
Jeremiah 18:7 When I decide to talk about a nation or kingdom, to uproot, tear down, or destroy it;
Jeremiah 18:8 If that country, which I warned, stops doing bad things, I will not punish them as I planned.
Jeremiah 18:9 When I decide to talk about a nation or kingdom, to make it grow and succeed;
Jeremiah 18:10 If it does wrong in my eyes by not listening to me, then I will change my mind about the good I planned to do for them.
Jeremiah 18:11 Now go and tell the people of Judah and those living in Jerusalem that God says: "Look, I am planning trouble for you and making a plan against you. So turn away from your bad ways and do what is right."
Jeremiah 18:12 They said, "There is no hope. We will follow our own plans and each of us will act on the evil desires of our heart."
Jeremiah 18:13 So God says, ask the nations, has anyone heard of such a thing: the virgin of Israel has done something very awful.
Jeremiah 18:14 Will a man abandon the snow of Lebanon from the mountain fields? Or will he leave behind the cold, flowing waters from afar?
Jeremiah 18:15 Because my people have forgotten me, they have burned incense to worthless things, causing them to stray from the old paths and walk on unmade ways.
Jeremiah 18:16 To turn their land into ruins, always empty; everyone who goes by will be shocked and shake their head.
Jeremiah 18:17 I will scatter them like an east wind before the enemy; I will show them my back, not my face, on their day of trouble.
Jeremiah 18:18 They said, "Come, let's make plans against Jeremiah, because the teachings won't disappear from the priest, advice won't vanish from the wise, and messages won't stop from the prophet. Come, let's attack him with our words and not listen to anything he says."
Jeremiah 18:19 Listen to me, God, and pay attention to the voices of those who argue against me.
Jeremiah 18:20 Should bad be paid back for good? They have made a trap for me. Remember I spoke to you on their behalf to do them good and to keep your anger from them.
Jeremiah 18:21 So give their children to hunger, and let their blood be spilled by the sword; make their wives lose their children and become widows; and kill their men, let their young men die by the sword in war.
Jeremiah 18:22 Let a shout come from their houses when you bring soldiers suddenly against them, because they have dug a hole to capture me and hidden traps for my feet.
Jeremiah 18:23 God, you know their plans to kill me. Do not forgive their wrongs or erase their sins from your view. Let them fail in your presence when you are angry.

Jeremiah 19:1 God says, "Go and get a clay jar from a potter, and bring some of the elders of the people and some of the senior priests."
Jeremiah 19:2 Go to the Valley of Hinnom, near the entrance of the east gate, and announce the words I will give you.
Jeremiah 19:3 Say, "Listen to God's message, kings of Judah and people of Jerusalem: God of the armies of heaven, the God of Israel, says, 'Look, I will bring disaster on this place, and whoever hears about it will have their ears ring.'"
Jeremiah 19:4 Because they left me and made this place strange, and burned incense here to other gods that neither they, their ancestors, nor Judah's kings knew, and filled this place with innocent blood;
Jeremiah 19:5 They also made high places for Baal, to burn their sons as sacrifices to Baal, something I never commanded or mentioned, nor did it ever cross my mind.
Jeremiah 19:6 So, look, the days are coming, says God, when this place will not be called Tophet or the Valley of Hinnom's son, but the Valley of Slaughter.
Jeremiah 19:7 I will ruin the plans of Judah and Jerusalem here; I will make them die by the sword in front of their enemies, by those who want to kill them: and I will leave their dead bodies as food for the birds in the sky, and for the animals on the land.
Jeremiah 19:8 I will make this city empty and a place for hissing; everyone who passes by will be shocked and hiss at all its disasters.
Jeremiah 19:9 I will make them eat their sons' and daughters' flesh, and they will eat their friends' flesh during the siege and hardship that their enemies and those who want to kill them will cause.
Jeremiah 19:10 Then you will break the bottle while the men with you watch.
Jeremiah 19:11 Tell them, 'This is what God says: Just as a clay pot is smashed and can't be fixed, I will break this nation and this city. They will bury the dead in Tophet until there's no more room to bury them.'
Jeremiah 19:12 I will do this to this place, says God, and to its people, and even make this city like Tophet.
Jeremiah 19:13 The homes in Jerusalem and the homes of Judah's kings will be unclean like Tophet because on their roofs they burned incense to the sky's stars and gave drink offerings to other gods.
Jeremiah 19:14 Jeremiah returned from Tophet, where God had sent him to give his message. He stood in the courtyard of God's house and spoke to all the people.
Jeremiah 19:15 God of Israel says, I will make all the bad things happen to this city and its towns that I said would happen, because they were stubborn and did not listen to my words.

Jeremiah 20:1 Now Pashur, the priest Immer's son and head officer in God's house, heard Jeremiah's prophecies.
Jeremiah 20:2 Then Pashur hit Jeremiah the prophet and put him in the stocks near the upper gate of Benjamin next to God's house.
Jeremiah 20:3 The next day, Pashur released Jeremiah from the stocks. Then Jeremiah told him, "God has not named you Pashur, but Magormissabib."
Jeremiah 20:4 God says, "Look, I will make you a terror to yourself and your friends. They will be killed by their enemies' swords, and you will see it. I will give all Judah to the king of Babylon. He will take them to Babylon as captives and kill them with the sword."
Jeremiah 20:5 I will give all of this city's power, all its hard work, all its valuable things, and all the treasures of Judah's kings to their enemies, who will loot them, take them, and bring them to Babylon.
Jeremiah 20:6 You, Pashur, and everyone in your house will be taken as prisoners. You will go to Babylon, die there, and be buried there, along with all your friends who you told lies to.
Jeremiah 20:7 God, you tricked me, and I got tricked; you are stronger than me, and you have won: every day people laugh at me, everyone makes fun of me.
Jeremiah 20:8 Since I started speaking, I've been shouting about violence and destruction; because God's message has brought me insult and mockery every day.
Jeremiah 20:9 I decided I would not talk about God or speak in his name. But his message burned in my heart like fire, and it tired me to hold it in, and I couldn't keep silent.
Jeremiah 20:10 I heard many insulting me; everyone is afraid. "Tell on him," they say, "and we'll tell too." All my friends are waiting for me to slip, thinking, "Maybe he'll be tricked, then we'll beat him and get back at him."
Jeremiah 20:11 God is with me like a powerful warrior; so those who chase me will trip and not win: they will be deeply embarrassed; they won't succeed: their never-ending disgrace will always be remembered.
Jeremiah 20:12 But, O God of all, who tests the good and sees their deepest thoughts and feelings, let me watch your punishment on them; for I have told you my case.
Jeremiah 20:13 Sing to God, praise God; for he has saved the needy from the hands of wrongdoers.
Jeremiah 20:14 Let the day I was born be cursed; don't let the day my mother gave birth to me be happy.
Jeremiah 20:15 May the man who told my father, "You have a new baby boy," making him very happy, be cursed.
Jeremiah 20:16 Let that person be like the cities that God destroyed without regret, and let him hear crying in the morning and yelling at midday.
Jeremiah 20:17 Because he did not kill me before I was born; or my mother's body could have been my grave, always pregnant with me.
Jeremiah 20:18 Why was I born to experience hard work and sadness, only for my time to end in disgrace?

Jeremiah 21:1 God gave a message to Jeremiah when King Zedekiah sent Pashur, son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah, son of Maaseiah the priest, to him, saying,
Jeremiah 21:2 Please ask God for us, because King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon is attacking us; maybe God will act for us by his amazing works, so that he might leave us alone.
Jeremiah 21:3 Jeremiah told them, "Tell Zedekiah this:
Jeremiah 21:4 God of Israel says, "Look, I will make your weapons of war that you use to fight the king of Babylon and the Chaldeans surrounding you outside the walls useless, and I will gather them inside this city."
Jeremiah 21:5 I will fight against you with a powerful hand, strong arm, and with anger, fury, and great wrath.
Jeremiah 21:6 I will strike down the people and animals in this city; they will die from a terrible disease.
Jeremiah 21:7 After that, God says, I will hand over Zedekiah, the king of Judah, his officials, and the people who remain in the city, protecting them from disease, war, and hunger, to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, their enemies, and those wanting to kill them. He will strike them down with his sword; he will not hold back, feel sorry, or show mercy.
Jeremiah 21:8 Tell these people, "God says, 'Look, I give you the choice of life and the choice of death.'"
Jeremiah 21:9 Anyone who stays in this city will die from war, hunger, and disease, but whoever surrenders to the Chaldeans surrounding you will survive and keep their life safe.
Jeremiah 21:10 I have decided to bring disaster, not good, to this city, says God. It will be handed over to the king of Babylon, and he will burn it with fire.
Jeremiah 21:11 Speak about the house of the king of Judah and say, Listen to God's message.
Jeremiah 21:12 Family of David, this is what God says: Judge fairly every morning, and save those who are being robbed by their oppressors; otherwise, my anger will flare up like fire, and burn with no one to put it out, because of your bad actions.
Jeremiah 21:13 Look, I am against you, valley dweller and plain rock, says God; you ask, "Who will attack us? Who will come into our homes?"
Jeremiah 21:14 I will punish you for what you have done, says God, and I will start a fire in your forest, and it will burn everything around it.

Jeremiah 22:1 God says, "Go to the king of Judah's palace and say this message there.
Jeremiah 22:2 Say, "Listen to God's word, King of Judah, you who sit on David's throne, along with your officials and people who come through these gates."
Jeremiah 22:3 God says; Carry out fair justice and do what is right, and rescue those who have been robbed from their oppressors; and do not harm or be violent to foreigners, orphans, or widows, and do not kill innocent people here.
Jeremiah 22:4 If you really do this, then kings who sit on David's throne will come through the gates of this house, riding in chariots and on horses, along with their servants and people.
Jeremiah 22:5 If you don't listen to these words, I promise by myself, says God, that this house will be left empty.
Jeremiah 22:6 God says to the royal house of Judah, "You are like Gilead to me, and like the top of Lebanon. But I will surely turn you into a desert and cities without people."
Jeremiah 22:7 I will send destroyers against you, each with their weapons, and they will chop down your best cedar trees and throw them into the fire.
Jeremiah 22:8 Many countries will pass by this city, and each person will ask their neighbor, why has God done this to this great city?
Jeremiah 22:9 They will answer, 'Because they left the agreement with their God and worshiped and served other gods.'
Jeremiah 22:10 Do not cry for the dead or feel sad for them; but cry hard for the one who is leaving, for they will not come back or see their homeland again.
Jeremiah 22:11 God says about Shallum, son of Josiah, king of Judah, who became king after his father Josiah: He has left this place and will not come back.
Jeremiah 22:12 He will die where he has been taken as a captive and will never see this land again.
Jeremiah 22:13 Pity the one who builds his house by unfair means and his rooms by injustice; who makes his neighbor work for free and does not pay him for his labor.
Jeremiah 22:14 Someone says, "I will build myself a big house with spacious rooms, put in windows, line it with cedar wood, and paint it bright red."
Jeremiah 22:15 Will you be king because you surround yourself with cedar? Didn't your father eat, drink, and carry out fair judgment and justice, and then things went well for him?
Jeremiah 22:16 He decided justly for the poor and needy; this brought goodness: isn't this knowing me? says God.
Jeremiah 22:17 Your eyes and heart only want to take things, kill the innocent, oppress, and be violent.
Jeremiah 22:18 So this is what God says about Jehoiakim son of Josiah, king of Judah: No one will mourn for him, saying, "Oh, my brother!" or "Oh, my sister!" No one will mourn for him, saying, "Oh, master!" or "Oh, his greatness!"
Jeremiah 22:19 He will be buried like a donkey, dragged away and thrown out beyond Jerusalem's gates.
Jeremiah 22:20 Go to Lebanon and shout; raise your voice in Bashan, and call out from the crossings, because all your friends are ruined.
Jeremiah 22:21 I spoke to you when you were doing well, but you said you wouldn't listen. This has been your way since you were young, not obeying my voice.
Jeremiah 22:22 The wind will destroy all your shepherds, and your friends will be taken away; then you will feel ashamed and embarrassed because of all your evil.
Jeremiah 22:23 You who live in Lebanon and build your nest in the cedar trees, how will you plead for mercy when pain comes, like the pain of a woman giving birth?
Jeremiah 22:24 I swear, says God, even if Coniah son of King Jehoiakim of Judah were like a ring on my right hand, I would still pull you off.
Jeremiah 22:25 I will hand you over to those who want to kill you, to those you are afraid of, to King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon and the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 22:26 I will throw you and your mother who gave birth to you out to another country where you were not born, and there you will die.
Jeremiah 22:27 But they will not go back to the land they want to return to.
Jeremiah 22:28 Is Coniah a hated, shattered statue? Is he a container that brings no joy? Why are he and his descendants thrown out and sent to a land they do not know?
Jeremiah 22:29 Earth, earth, earth, listen to God's message.
Jeremiah 22:30 God says, "Mark this man as childless, a man who will not succeed in his lifetime: because none of his descendants will succeed, sitting on David's throne or ruling in Judah anymore."

Jeremiah 23:1 God says, "Trouble will come to the leaders who ruin and disperse the sheep of my land!"
Jeremiah 23:2 So this is what God of Israel says to the leaders who take care of my people: You have scattered my sheep and made them run away, and you did not care for them. Look, I will punish you for the bad things you've done, says God.
Jeremiah 23:3 I will bring the remaining ones of my flock from all the countries where I sent them, and they will return to their homes; they will have many children and grow in number.
Jeremiah 23:4 I will put shepherds in charge of them who will take care of them; they will not be afraid or discouraged or be in need anymore, says God.
Jeremiah 23:5 Look, the time will come, God says, when I will bring forth a righteous descendant from David, and a King will rule successfully, carrying out fair and just decisions on the earth.
Jeremiah 23:6 During his time, Judah will be saved and Israel will live in safety. And he will be called God Our Righteousness.
Jeremiah 23:7 So, God says, "Look, the time is coming when people won't say anymore, 'God is alive, who brought the Israelites out of Egypt.'"
Jeremiah 23:8 But God lives, who brought and led the descendants of Israel out of the north and from all countries where I had sent them; and they will live in their own land.
Jeremiah 23:9 My heart is broken because of the prophets; my whole body trembles; I am like a drunk man, beaten by wine, because of God and his holy words.
Jeremiah 23:10 The land is full of cheaters; because of cursing, the land is sad; the nice parts of the desert have dried out, people's actions are bad, and their power is not used rightly.
Jeremiah 23:11 Both the prophet and the priest are unholy; yes, I have seen their evil in my house, says God.
Jeremiah 23:12 So their path will be like slippery roads in the dark: they will be pushed and will fall on it, because I will bring disaster on them, the time when I punish them, says God.
Jeremiah 23:13 I have seen foolishness in Samaria's prophets; they spoke messages from Baal and led my people Israel astray.
Jeremiah 23:14 I have also seen terrible things among Jerusalem's prophets: they are unfaithful and live in lies; they encourage the wicked so no one turns from their evil ways; to me, they are like Sodom and its people like Gomorrah.
Jeremiah 23:15 So this is what God says about the prophets: I will give them bitter food to eat and poison water to drink, because the prophets of Jerusalem have spread corruption throughout the land.
Jeremiah 23:16 God says, "Don't listen to the prophets who speak to you; they fill you with false hopes. They talk about visions from their own minds, not from God."
Jeremiah 23:17 They keep telling those who hate me, "God has said, you will have peace"; and they tell everyone who follows their own desires, "No harm will come to you."
Jeremiah 23:18 Who has been in God's council and understood and listened to his message? Who has paid attention to his message and heard it?
Jeremiah 23:19 Look, a violent storm from God has come out in anger, a terrible storm: it will hit the wicked very hard.
Jeremiah 23:20 God's anger will not stop until He has done what He plans. In the future, you will fully understand this.
Jeremiah 23:21 I did not send these prophets, but they went; I did not speak to them, but they spoke my message.
Jeremiah 23:22 If they had followed my advice and had made my people listen to my words, then they would have turned away from their bad behavior and their wicked actions.
Jeremiah 23:23 Am I not a close God, says God, and not a distant one?
Jeremiah 23:24 Can anyone hide in secret places where I won't see him? says God. Don't I fill heaven and earth? says God.
Jeremiah 23:25 I have heard the prophets who tell lies in my name, saying, "I had a dream, I had a dream."
Jeremiah 23:26 How long will the prophets who tell lies plan this in their hearts? Yes, they are prophets led by their own deceit.
Jeremiah 23:27 They try to make my people forget my name with the dreams they share with each other, just like their ancestors forgot my name for Baal.
Jeremiah 23:28 The prophet who has a dream should share that dream; and whoever has my message should speak it truthfully. What do the worthless bits matter compared to the grain? says God.
Jeremiah 23:29 Isn't my word like a fire? says God, and like a hammer that breaks the rock into pieces?
Jeremiah 23:30 So, I am against the prophets who take my words from each other, says God.
Jeremiah 23:31 Look, I am against the prophets, says God, who speak on their own and claim, 'God says.'
Jeremiah 23:32 Look, I am against those who tell false dreams, says God, and share them, leading my people astray with their lies and carelessness; I did not send them or tell them to do this: so they will not help my people at all, says God.
Jeremiah 23:33 When the people, a prophet, or a priest ask you, "What is God's message?" You should say, "What message? God says He will abandon you."
Jeremiah 23:34 If a prophet, a priest, or anyone else claims, "This is God's message," I will punish that person and his family.
Jeremiah 23:35 Everyone should ask their neighbor and their brother, "What has God answered?" and "What has God said?"
Jeremiah 23:36 You should not talk about God's burden anymore: everyone's own words will be their burden because you have twisted the words of the living God, our God of all.
Jeremiah 23:37 You should ask the prophet, "What has God replied to you?" and "What has God said?"
Jeremiah 23:38 Since you say, "God's message," this is what God says: "Because you call it 'God's message,' even though I told you not to call it 'God's message,'"
Jeremiah 23:39 So, look, I myself will completely forget you, and I will leave you, and the city I gave to you and your ancestors, and I will throw you out of my sight.
Jeremiah 23:40 I will make you suffer lasting shame and disgrace that will never be forgotten.

Jeremiah 24:1 God showed me two baskets of figs in front of the temple. This was after King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon took away Jeconiah, son of King Jehoiakim of Judah, the Judah leaders, carpenters, and metalworkers from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Jeremiah 24:2 One basket had very good figs, just like the first ripe ones, and the other basket had very bad figs that could not be eaten because they were so bad.
Jeremiah 24:3 Then God asked me, "What do you see, Jeremiah?" I answered, "Figs; the good ones are very good, and the bad ones are very bad, so bad they can't be eaten."
Jeremiah 24:4 God spoke to me again, saying,
Jeremiah 24:5 God, the God of Israel, says: Like these good figs, I will recognize the people from Judah that I have sent away as captives to the land of the Chaldeans for their own good.
Jeremiah 24:6 I will watch over them for their good and bring them back to this land. I will rebuild them and not tear them down. I will plant them and not uproot them.
Jeremiah 24:7 I will give them a heart to know me, that I am God; they will be my people, and I will be their God because they will come back to me with all their heart.
Jeremiah 24:8 Like the bad figs that are too rotten to eat, this is what God says: I will do the same to Zedekiah king of Judah, his leaders, the rest of Jerusalem who stay in this land, and those living in Egypt.
Jeremiah 24:9 I will let them be taken to all the kingdoms of the earth to their harm, to be mocked and used in sayings, to be insulted and cursed, wherever I send them.
Jeremiah 24:10 I will send war, hunger, and disease among them until they are wiped from the land I gave to them and their ancestors.

Jeremiah 25:1 God's message came to Jeremiah about all the Judah people in the fourth year of Jehoiakim, son of Josiah, king of Judah, which was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 25:2 Jeremiah the prophet spoke to all the people of Judah and to everyone in Jerusalem, saying,
Jeremiah 25:3 Since the thirteenth year of King Josiah of Judah until now, which is twenty-three years, God has been giving me messages, and I have been telling you them early and often, but you have not listened.
Jeremiah 25:4 God has sent you all his messengers, the prophets, arising early and sending them; but you have not listened or paid attention to hear.
Jeremiah 25:5 They said, "Everyone turn from your bad ways and stop doing wrong, then live in the land that God gave you and your ancestors forever."
Jeremiah 25:6 Do not follow other gods to serve and worship them, and do not make me angry with what you do; then I will not harm you.
Jeremiah 25:7 But you have not listened to me, says God; you made me angry with what you have done, which will hurt yourselves.
Jeremiah 25:8 So God Almighty says, "Because you did not listen to my words,"
Jeremiah 25:9 Look, I will send for all the families from the north and for Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant. I will bring them against this land and its people, as well as all the surrounding nations. I will completely wipe them out, make them shocking to see, a target for hissing, and ruin them forever.
Jeremiah 25:10 I will remove their sounds of joy and happiness, the bridegroom and bride's voices, the noise of the mill, and the candle's light.
Jeremiah 25:11 This entire land will become a wasteland and a shock, and these nations will serve the king of Babylon for seventy years.
Jeremiah 25:12 When seventy years have passed, I will punish the king of Babylon and their nation, says God, for their wrongs, and the land of the Chaldeans will be forever deserted.
Jeremiah 25:13 I will bring all my words that I have spoken against that land to pass, including everything written in this book that Jeremiah has predicted against all the nations.
Jeremiah 25:14 Many nations and powerful kings will use them for their own purposes, and God will repay them based on their actions and the work of their hands.
Jeremiah 25:15 God of Israel told me to take the cup of anger from His hand and make all the countries I send you to, drink from it.
Jeremiah 25:16 They will drink, stagger, and go crazy because of the sword I will send among them.
Jeremiah 25:17 I took the cup from God's hand and made all the nations drink it, to whom God had sent me.
Jeremiah 25:18 This means Jerusalem, the towns in Judah, their kings, and leaders, to turn them into ruins, something shocking, scorned, and cursed, as they are now.
Jeremiah 25:19 Pharaoh, the ruler of Egypt, his officials, his leaders, and all his citizens;
Jeremiah 25:20 All the mixed people, and all the kings of Uz, and all the kings of the Philistine lands, Ashkelon, Gaza, Ekron, and the remaining people of Ashdod,
Jeremiah 25:21 Edom, Moab, and the children of Ammon.
Jeremiah 25:22 All the kings of Tyre, all the kings of Sidon, and the kings of the islands across the sea,
Jeremiah 25:23 Dedan, Tema, Buz, and everyone in the farthest places,
Jeremiah 25:24 All the kings of Arabia and all the kings of the mixed people living in the desert,
Jeremiah 25:25 Every king of Zimri, every king of Elam, and every king of the Medes,
Jeremiah 25:26 All the northern kings, from far and close, and every kingdom on earth will drink, and then the king of Sheshach will drink too.
Jeremiah 25:27 Tell them this: God of the armies, the God of Israel, says, "Drink and get drunk, vomit, fall, and don't get up because of the sword I will bring upon you."
Jeremiah 25:28 If they won't take the cup from your hand to drink, then tell them, "God says you will surely drink."
Jeremiah 25:29 Look, I am starting to bring trouble to the city known by my name, and do you think you will go unpunished? You will not go unpunished, because I will send destruction upon all the people of the world, says God.
Jeremiah 25:30 So, speak against them all these words and tell them: God will roar from above and speak from his holy place; he will roar loudly over his home; he will shout like those who crush grapes, against everyone on earth.
Jeremiah 25:31 A sound will be heard across the world; God has a dispute with the countries, he will argue with everyone; he will let the sword kill the wicked, says God.
Jeremiah 25:32 God says, "Look, evil will spread from country to country, and a big storm will come from the edges of the earth."
Jeremiah 25:33 On that day, those God has killed will be scattered from one end of the earth to the other. They won't be mourned or collected or buried; they will be like manure on the soil.
Jeremiah 25:34 Cry out, you leaders of the flock, and weep; roll in the ashes, you important ones, because the time of your defeat and scattering is here; and you will break like a fine vase.
Jeremiah 25:35 The shepherds won't be able to run away, and the leader of the sheep won't be able to escape.
Jeremiah 25:36 Shepherds will cry out, and the leaders of the flock will wail because God has ruined their grazing land.
Jeremiah 25:37 And the peaceful homes are destroyed because of God's intense anger.
Jeremiah 25:38 He has abandoned his hiding place like a lion, because their land is ruined due to the cruel enemy's violence and fierce anger.

Jeremiah 26:1 At the start of Jehoiakim's rule, the son of King Josiah of Judah, God sent this message:
Jeremiah 26:2 God says, "Stand in the yard of God's house, and talk to all the people from the towns of Judah who come to worship in God's house. Tell them everything I tell you to say; don't leave out a single word."
Jeremiah 26:3 If they listen and each person stops doing bad things, then I will change my mind about the punishment I planned for them because of their bad actions.
Jeremiah 26:4 Tell them this: If you don't listen to me and follow the laws I've given you, God says.
Jeremiah 26:5 Listen to my prophets' words that I sent to you, waking them early and sending them, but you did not listen.
Jeremiah 26:6 I will make this house like Shiloh and will make this city a curse to all the countries of the world.
Jeremiah 26:7 The priests, prophets, and everyone heard Jeremiah say these things in God's house.
Jeremiah 26:8 When Jeremiah finished telling the people everything God had commanded him to say, the priests, prophets, and everyone there grabbed him and said, "You will certainly die."
Jeremiah 26:9 Why did you prophesy in God's name, saying, "This place will be like Shiloh, and this city will be empty with no one living here?" And all the people turned against Jeremiah in God's house.
Jeremiah 26:10 When the leaders of Judah heard this news, they went up from the king's palace to God's house and sat at the entrance of the new gate of God's house.
Jeremiah 26:11 The priests and prophets told the leaders and everyone, "This man should be put to death because he spoke against our city, as you all heard."
Jeremiah 26:12 Jeremiah spoke to all the leaders and the people, saying, "God sent me to tell about the coming trouble for this place and this city, all the things you have heard.
Jeremiah 26:13 So now change how you live and act, and listen to God's voice; then God will change his mind about the harm he said he would do to you.
Jeremiah 26:14 As for me, I am in your power: do to me what you think is good and right.
Jeremiah 26:15 But be sure, if you kill me, you will bring innocent blood on yourselves, on this city, and on its people, because God truly sent me to tell you all these things.
Jeremiah 26:16 Then the leaders and all the people said to the priests and prophets, "This man should not be put to death, for he has spoken to us in the name of our God."
Jeremiah 26:17 Some elders stood up and spoke to all the people gathered, saying,
Jeremiah 26:18 Micah, from Moresheth, told God's message when Hezekiah was king of Judah. He said to Judah's people: "God says, 'Zion will be farmed like a field, Jerusalem will turn into piles of rubble, and the Temple hill will be like overgrown hills in the woods.'"
Jeremiah 26:19 Did King Hezekiah of Judah and all of Judah kill him? Didn't he respect God, ask for God's mercy, and God changed his mind about the bad things he said he would do to them? We could bring a lot of trouble on ourselves this way.
Jeremiah 26:20 A man named Urijah, Shemaiah's son from Kirjathjearim, also spoke for God. He said the same things against this city and land as Jeremiah did.
Jeremiah 26:21 When King Jehoiakim, his strong soldiers, and all the leaders heard the prophet's words, the king wanted to kill him. But Urijah became scared when he heard this, ran away, and escaped to Egypt.
Jeremiah 26:22 King Jehoiakim sent Elnathan, the son of Achbor, and some other men to Egypt.
Jeremiah 26:23 They took Urijah from Egypt and brought him to King Jehoiakim, who killed him with a sword and threw his body into the burial place of the ordinary people.
Jeremiah 26:24 Ahikam son of Shaphan helped Jeremiah so that no one handed him over to the people to kill him.

Jeremiah 27:1 At the start of Jehoiakim's rule, Josiah's son and king of Judah, God gave this message to Jeremiah:
Jeremiah 27:2 God told me, "Make ties and yokes, and put them on your neck."
Jeremiah 27:3 Send them to the king of Edom, the king of Moab, the king of the Ammonites, the king of Tyre, and the king of Sidon, through the messengers who come to Jerusalem to Zedekiah, king of Judah.
Jeremiah 27:4 Tell your masters this message from God, the God of Israel: This is what you should say to your masters;
Jeremiah 27:5 I have created the earth, people, and animals on the ground with my great power and strong arm, and I have given it to those who I thought should have it.
Jeremiah 27:6 I have now given all these lands to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, my servant; I have also given him the animals of the field to serve him.
Jeremiah 27:7 All countries will serve him, his son, and his grandson until the time for his own country comes; then many countries and powerful kings will take advantage of him.
Jeremiah 27:8 Any nation or kingdom that doesn't serve King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon or refuses to submit to him, God will punish with war, hunger, and disease until they are destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar.
Jeremiah 27:9 So don't listen to your prophets, fortune tellers, dream interpreters, magicians, or spell casters who tell you that you won't have to serve the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 27:10 They are lying to you when they say I will force you from your land and you will die.
Jeremiah 27:11 But the countries that accept the rule of the king of Babylon and serve him, I will let them stay in their land, says God; they will farm it and live there.
Jeremiah 27:12 I also spoke to Zedekiah, the king of Judah, with all these words, saying, "Put your necks under the control of the king of Babylon, serve him and his people, and you will live."
Jeremiah 27:13 Why do you and your people want to die by the sword, hunger, and disease, just as God has said would happen to the nation that refuses to serve the king of Babylon?
Jeremiah 27:14 Do not listen to the prophets who tell you, "You do not have to serve the king of Babylon." They are lying to you.
Jeremiah 27:15 God says, "I did not send them, but they tell lies in my name. They do this so you will be forced away and destroyed, along with the prophets who are misleading you."
Jeremiah 27:16 I also told the priests and the people this message from God: "Don't listen to your prophets who say, 'Soon the items from God's house will be brought back from Babylon.' They are lying to you.
Jeremiah 27:17 Don't listen to them; serve the king of Babylon and live. Why should this city be destroyed?
Jeremiah 27:18 But if they are prophets, and if God’s word is with them, let them now pray to God so that the things left in God's house, the king of Judah's house, and in Jerusalem do not go to Babylon.
Jeremiah 27:19 God says this about the pillars, the large water basin, the stands, and the rest of the items left in this city.
Jeremiah 27:20 When Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not take them, while he took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah and all the important people of Judah and Jerusalem as prisoners from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Jeremiah 27:21 Yes, this is what God says about the items left in God's house, and in the palace of Judah's king and Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 27:22 They will be taken to Babylon and will stay there until I decide to bring them back, says God; then I will take them out and return them to this place.

Jeremiah 28:1 That year, when Zedekiah started ruling Judah, in the fourth year, fifth month, the prophet Hananiah, Azur's son from Gibeon, spoke to me in God's house with priests and everyone there, saying,
Jeremiah 28:2 God of Israel says, I have broken the power of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:3 In two years, I will bring back to this place all the items from God's house that King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon took away and moved to Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:4 I will bring Jeconiah, son of King Jehoiakim of Judah, and all the Judah captives back from Babylon, says God; for I will break the power of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:5 Then the prophet Jeremiah spoke to the prophet Hananiah where the priests and all the people in God's house could hear.
Jeremiah 28:6 The prophet Jeremiah agreed, saying, "Yes, let it happen: may God do this: may God make true what you have predicted, to return the items of God's house, and everyone taken as prisoners, from Babylon to this place."
Jeremiah 28:7 Please listen to this message that I am saying to you and to everyone.
Jeremiah 28:8 Prophets before us long ago spoke against many nations and large kingdoms about war, evil, and disease.
Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet who predicts peace will be recognized as truly sent by God when his prophecy comes true.
Jeremiah 28:10 Then Hananiah the prophet took the wooden bar from the neck of the prophet Jeremiah and broke it.
Jeremiah 28:11 Hananiah said to everyone, "This is what God says: 'I will break Nebuchadnezzar, the Babylonian king's, control from all countries in two years.'" And the prophet Jeremiah left.
Jeremiah 28:12 God spoke to the prophet Jeremiah after Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from Jeremiah's neck, saying,
Jeremiah 28:13 Go and tell Hananiah, 'God says, "You have broken the wooden yokes; now you will make iron yokes to replace them."'
Jeremiah 28:14 God says, "I have put an iron yoke on the necks of all these nations so they will serve Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, and they will serve him. I have also given him the animals of the fields."
Jeremiah 28:15 The prophet Jeremiah said to Hananiah, "Listen, Hananiah, God did not send you; you are making these people believe a lie."
Jeremiah 28:16 So God says, "Look, I will throw you off the earth. This year you will die because you have taught rebellion against God."
Jeremiah 28:17 The prophet Hananiah died that year in the seventh month.

Jeremiah 29:1 This is the message from the letter that the prophet Jeremiah sent from Jerusalem to the remaining elders who were taken as captives, and to the priests, the prophets, and all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem to Babylon as prisoners.
Jeremiah 29:2 After Jeconiah the king, the queen, the officials, the leaders of Judah and Jerusalem, the carpenters, and the metalworkers left Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 29:3 Through Elasah son of Shaphan and Gemariah son of Hilkiah, (sent by Zedekiah king of Judah to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) it said,
Jeremiah 29:4 God, the ruler of all, the God of Israel, says to everyone who was taken as prisoners – whom I sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:
Jeremiah 29:5 Build houses and live in them. Plant gardens and eat their fruit.
Jeremiah 29:6 Marry and have sons and daughters; find wives for your sons, and give your daughters to men, so they too can have sons and daughters; this way you will grow in number there, not become fewer.
Jeremiah 29:7 Look for the good of the city where I have sent you as prisoners, and pray to God for it, because if it has peace, you will have peace too.
Jeremiah 29:8 God, the God of Israel, says: Don't let the prophets and fortune-tellers among you trick you, and don't listen to the dreams you encourage them to have.
Jeremiah 29:9 They are falsely claiming to speak for me; I did not send them, says God.
Jeremiah 29:10 God says that after seventy years in Babylon, I will come to see you and make my promise come true by bringing you back here.
Jeremiah 29:11 I know the plans I have for you, says God, plans for peace and not for harm, to give you a hopeful future.
Jeremiah 29:12 You will call to me, go and pray to me, and I will listen to you.
Jeremiah 29:13 You will look for me and find me when you search for me with all your heart.
Jeremiah 29:14 I will let you find me, says God. I will end your captivity and bring you together from all the nations and places where I sent you, says God. I will take you back to where you were taken from.
Jeremiah 29:15 Because you have said, "God has given us prophets in Babylon."
Jeremiah 29:16 Understand that this is what God says about the king sitting on David's throne, about all the people living in this city, and about your relatives who have not been taken away with you as captives.
Jeremiah 29:17 God says: I will send them war, hunger, and disease, and I will make them like bad figs that are so rotten they can't be eaten.
Jeremiah 29:18 I will chase them with war, hunger, and disease, and will make them be scattered to all kingdoms of the earth, to become a curse, a shock, and an object of scorn among all the nations where I have sent them.
Jeremiah 29:19 Because they did not listen to my words, says God, which I sent to them through my prophets, who I sent early and often, but you did not want to listen, says God.
Jeremiah 29:20 Listen to God's message, all of you who were taken from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Jeremiah 29:21 God, the God of Israel, says this about Ahab son of Kolaiah and Zedekiah son of Maaseiah, who tell lies in my name: I will hand them over to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he will kill them while you watch.
Jeremiah 29:22 People from Judah who are captives in Babylon will use this curse, saying, "May God make you like Zedekiah and Ahab, whom the king of Babylon burned in the fire."
Jeremiah 29:23 They have done bad things in Israel, been unfaithful with their neighbors' wives, and lied using my name, which I never told them to do. I know and am a witness, says God.
Jeremiah 29:24 You should also tell Shemaiah from Nehelam:
Jeremiah 29:25 God of Israel says, because you sent letters in your name to everyone in Jerusalem, and to Zephaniah son of Maaseiah the priest, and to all the priests, saying,
Jeremiah 29:26 God has made you priest instead of Jehoiada the priest, so you can be an officer in God's house. If anyone acts crazy and claims to be a prophet, you must put him in jail and in restraints.
Jeremiah 29:27 So why haven't you corrected Jeremiah from Anathoth, who claims to be a prophet to you?
Jeremiah 29:28 So he sent a message to us in Babylon, saying, "This captivity will last a long time: build houses and live in them; plant gardens and eat their fruit."
Jeremiah 29:29 The priest Zephaniah read the letter to the prophet Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 29:30 God spoke to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 29:31 Tell all the captives, "God says about Shemaiah the Nehelamite: Since Shemaiah has been prophesying to you without being sent by me and has made you believe a lie:
Jeremiah 29:32 So God says, "Look, I will punish Shemaiah from Nehelam and his descendants. He will not have a family member to live among the people, nor will he see the good things I will do for my people, says God, because he encouraged rebellion against me."

Jeremiah 30:1 God gave a message to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 30:2 God of Israel says, "Write down all the words I have told you in a book."
Jeremiah 30:3 Look, the time is coming, says God, when I will restore the fortunes of my people Israel and Judah, says God. I will bring them back to the land I gave their ancestors, and they will own it.
Jeremiah 30:4 Here are the words that God said about Israel and Judah.
Jeremiah 30:5 God says, "We have heard a voice shaking, scared, and not peaceful."
Jeremiah 30:6 Ask now, can a man have a baby? Why do I see every man with his hands on his hips like a woman in labor, with every face turned pale?
Jeremiah 30:7 Oh no! That day will be terrible; there's no other day like it. It's going to be a time of great trouble for Jacob, but he will be rescued from it.
Jeremiah 30:8 On that day, God says, I will remove the yoke from your neck and break your chains, so that strangers will no longer use you for their own gain.
Jeremiah 30:9 But they will serve their God, and their king David, whom I will bring to them.
Jeremiah 30:10 So don't be afraid, my servant Jacob, says God; nor be scared, Israel. Look, I will rescue you from far away, and your descendants from the land where they are captives. Jacob will come back, be at peace, be calm, and no one will frighten him.
Jeremiah 30:11 I am with you, says God, to save you. Even if I completely destroy all the nations where I dispersed you, I will not completely destroy you. I will discipline you fairly but will not let you go unpunished.
Jeremiah 30:12 God says your injury has no cure, and your wound is very serious.
Jeremiah 30:13 No one is there to argue for you so you can be healed; you have no medicine to make you better.
Jeremiah 30:14 All your friends have forgotten you; they don't look for you; because I have hurt you like an enemy, with harsh punishment, due to your many sins, which grew too much.
Jeremiah 30:15 Why are you crying about your pain? Your sadness can't be healed because you've done so many wrong things: since you kept sinning, I let this happen to you.
Jeremiah 30:16 So, everyone who eats you up will be eaten; and all your enemies will be captured; those who rob you will be robbed, and all who attack you, I will give as victims.
Jeremiah 30:17 I will make you healthy again and heal your injuries, God says, because they called you an Outcast, saying, "This is Zion, whom no one cares for."
Jeremiah 30:18 God says, "Look, I will bring back the people to Jacob's tents and be kind to their homes. The city will be rebuilt on its ruins, and the palace will stand as it used to."
Jeremiah 30:19 From them will come thanksgiving and joyful voices. I will increase their number, they won't be few; I will honor them, and they won't be unimportant.
Jeremiah 30:20 Their children will be like before, and their community will be secure with me. I will punish all who oppress them.
Jeremiah 30:21 Their leaders will come from among them, and their ruler will rise from their midst; I will bring him close, and he will come to me. Who is the one who devoted himself to come to me? says God.
Jeremiah 30:22 You will be my people, and I will be your God.
Jeremiah 30:23 Look, God's strong wind blows with anger, never stopping; it will come down harshly on the wicked.
Jeremiah 30:24 God's intense anger will not stop until he has finished his work and carried out the plans of his heart. In the future, you will think about this.

Jeremiah 31:1 At that time, says God, I will be the God of all the families of Israel, and they will be my people.
Jeremiah 31:2 God says, "The people saved from the sword found kindness in the desert; this happened to Israel when I led them to a place of rest."
Jeremiah 31:3 God showed himself to me long ago and said, "Yes, I have loved you forever; that's why I've brought you close with kindness."
Jeremiah 31:4 I will rebuild you, and you will be rebuilt, O Israel, young and pure. You will wear your tambourines again and dance with joy.
Jeremiah 31:5 You will plant grapevines again on the mountains of Samaria: the people who plant them will eat the grapes like ordinary food.
Jeremiah 31:6 A day will come when the guards on Mount Ephraim will shout, "Get up, let's go to Zion to our God."
Jeremiah 31:7 God says, "Sing with joy for Jacob, and shout among the leaders of the nations. Share the news, praise, and say, 'God, save your people, the remaining ones of Israel.'"
Jeremiah 31:8 Look, I will bring them from the north and gather them from the ends of the earth. Along with them will be the blind and the lame, pregnant women, and those giving birth. A large crowd will come back here.
Jeremiah 31:9 They will come crying, and I will guide them with their prayers. I will lead them along paths beside flowing waters, on a straight road where they won't trip, because I am Israel's father, and Ephraim is my oldest child.
Jeremiah 31:10 Listen to God's message, all countries, and announce it on distant islands, saying, "He who spread out Israel will bring them back and watch over them like a shepherd with his sheep."
Jeremiah 31:11 God has saved Jacob and rescued him from someone stronger than him.
Jeremiah 31:12 So they will come and sing on the heights of Zion, and gather to enjoy God's blessings – for grain, wine, oil, and the young of sheep and cattle. Their lives will be like a well-watered garden; they will never grieve again.
Jeremiah 31:13 The young woman will be happy dancing, and young and old men will join her: I will change their sadness to happiness, comfort them, and help them find joy instead of their grief.
Jeremiah 31:14 I will satisfy the priests with rich food, and my people will be content with my kindness, says God.
Jeremiah 31:15 God says: A sound was heard in Ramah, crying and loud sorrow; Rachel cried for her children and would not be comforted for her children because they were gone.
Jeremiah 31:16 God says, "Stop crying and wipe your tears away, because your efforts will be rewarded by God; and they will return from the enemy's land."
Jeremiah 31:17 God says you have hope for the future; your children will return to their own land.
Jeremiah 31:18 I have certainly heard Ephraim feeling sorry for himself, saying, "You have disciplined me, and I've learned my lesson, like a young cow not used to the yoke. Help me change, and I will change, because you are my God."
Jeremiah 31:19 After I turned back, I was sorry; after I understood, I hit my thigh in grief. I was ashamed and embarrassed because I carried the shame of my young mistakes.
Jeremiah 31:20 Is Ephraim my dear son? Is he a delightful child? Because after I spoke against him, I still remember him fondly. So, I am deeply moved for him; I will definitely show him mercy, says God.
Jeremiah 31:21 Set up signs for yourself, make tall piles of stones; keep your thoughts on the main road, the path you traveled. Come back, Israel's young woman, come back to your towns.
Jeremiah 31:22 How long will you wander, O disloyal daughter? For God has made something new on earth: a woman will embrace a man.
Jeremiah 31:23 God, the ruler of all, the God of Israel, says: People will still use this language in Judah and its cities when I turn their fortunes around. God bless you, home of justice and holy mountain.
Jeremiah 31:24 Farmers and people who care for flocks will live in Judah and all its cities.
Jeremiah 31:25 I have satisfied the tired person, and I have filled up every sad person.
Jeremiah 31:26 I woke up, looked around, and my sleep had been pleasant to me.
Jeremiah 31:27 Look, the time will come, says God, that I will fill the people of Israel and Judah with many people and animals.
Jeremiah 31:28 It will happen that just as I have watched over them to uproot, break down, throw away, destroy, and hurt, so I will watch over them to build and to plant, says God.
Jeremiah 31:29 In those days, people will no longer say, "The parents ate sour grapes, and now the children's teeth feel rough."
Jeremiah 31:30 Everyone will die for their own wrongs: anyone who eats sour grapes will feel the effect on their teeth.
Jeremiah 31:31 Look, the time will come, says God, when I will make a new agreement with the people of Israel and Judah.
Jeremiah 31:32 This is not like the promise I made with their ancestors when I led them by the hand out of Egypt; they broke my promise even though I was like a husband to them, says God.
Jeremiah 31:33 This is the promise I will make with Israel's people: After that time, says God, I will put my rules deep inside them, write them on their hearts. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
Jeremiah 31:34 People will no longer teach their neighbors or their brothers to know God, because everyone from the least to the greatest will know me, since I will forgive their wrongs and never remember their sins again.
Jeremiah 31:35 God says, "I give the sun for light during the day, and the moon and stars for light at night. I stir up the sea to make its waves roar. My name is God of all."
Jeremiah 31:36 If those rules leave my presence, says God, then Israel’s descendants will no longer be a nation before me forever.
Jeremiah 31:37 God says, "If the sky above can be measured and the earth's foundations explored, then I will reject all of Israel's descendants for what they have done," says God.
Jeremiah 31:38 Look, the time will come, God says, that the city will be rebuilt for God from Hananeel Tower to the Corner Gate.
Jeremiah 31:39 The measuring line will still stretch out facing it, on the hill Gareb, and will go around to Goath.
Jeremiah 31:40 The entire valley where dead bodies and ashes are, and all the land to Kidron stream, to the east by the Horse Gate, will be sacred to God; it will never be destroyed or disturbed again.

Jeremiah 32:1 The message that came to Jeremiah from God in the tenth year of Zedekiah, the king of Judah, which was the eighteenth year of Nebuchadnezzar.
Jeremiah 32:2 At that time, the Babylonian king's army surrounded Jerusalem, and the prophet Jeremiah was confined in the prison yard inside the king of Judah's palace.
Jeremiah 32:3 King Zedekiah of Judah had imprisoned him, asking, "Why do you prophesy and say, 'God declares, I will give this city to the king of Babylon, and he will capture it'"?
Jeremiah 32:4 Zedekiah, the king of Judah, will not escape from the Chaldeans. He will definitely be given to the king of Babylon. They will talk face to face, and they will look into each other's eyes.
Jeremiah 32:5 God will take Zedekiah to Babylon, where he will stay until I deal with him, says God. Even if you battle the Chaldeans, you will not succeed.
Jeremiah 32:6 Jeremiah said, God spoke to me, saying,
Jeremiah 32:7 Look, your uncle Shallum's son Hanameel will come to you and say, "Buy my field in Anathoth: you have the right to buy it back."
Jeremiah 32:8 So my cousin Hanameel came to me in the prison yard, just as God had said he would, and he told me, "Please buy my field in Anathoth, in the land of Benjamin, because you have the right to inherit it and to buy it back. Buy it for yourself." Then I understood that this was truly from God.
Jeremiah 32:9 I bought the field from Hanameel, my cousin in Anathoth, and paid him the money, exactly 17 silver shekels.
Jeremiah 32:10 I signed the document, sealed it, had witnesses watch, and weighed the money on the scales.
Jeremiah 32:11 I took the proof of my purchase, the sealed documents as required by law, and the unsealed copies.
Jeremiah 32:12 I gave the purchase papers to Baruch, Neriah's son and Maaseiah's grandson, in front of my cousin Hanameel and the witnesses who signed the papers, with all the Jews in the prison courtyard watching.
Jeremiah 32:13 I gave Baruch orders in front of them, saying,
Jeremiah 32:14 God of Israel says, "Take these documents, the sealed and unsealed copies of the property sale, and place them in a clay jar so they will last a long time."
Jeremiah 32:15 God, the ruler of everything, says; People will again own houses, land, and vineyards in this place.
Jeremiah 32:16 After giving Baruch son of Neriah the purchase papers, I prayed to God, saying,
Jeremiah 32:17 Oh God, you have created the sky and the earth with your great power and outstretched arm, and nothing is too difficult for you.
Jeremiah 32:18 You show love to thousands, but bring the fathers' sins onto their children: the Great and Mighty God, God of all, is his name.
Jeremiah 32:19 God is wise in planning and powerful in action: for your eyes see all that humans do: to reward everyone based on their actions and the outcomes of their behavior.
Jeremiah 32:20 You have shown signs and wonders in Egypt to this day, in Israel, and among all people, making a great name for yourself, as seen today.
Jeremiah 32:21 You brought your people Israel out of Egypt with miracles, amazing acts, strong power, an extended arm, and great fear.
Jeremiah 32:22 You gave them this land, which you promised their ancestors, a land filled with milk and honey.
Jeremiah 32:23 They came and took the land, but did not listen to you or follow your laws. They did none of what you told them to do, so you have brought all this trouble on them.
Jeremiah 32:24 Look at the hills, they have come to capture the city; and the city has been handed over to the Chaldeans who are attacking it, because of war, hunger, and disease. What you have said has happened, and you see it.
Jeremiah 32:25 You told me, God, "Buy the field with money and get witnesses, because the city will be handed over to the Chaldeans."
Jeremiah 32:26 God spoke to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 32:27 Look, I am God, the God of everyone: is anything too difficult for me?
Jeremiah 32:28 So God says, "Look, I will give this city to the Chaldeans and to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, and he will capture it."
Jeremiah 32:29 The Chaldeans fighting this city will come, set it on fire, and burn it along with the houses where they burned incense to Baal on the roofs and offered drinks to other gods, making me angry.
Jeremiah 32:30 The children of Israel and Judah have been doing bad things before me since they were young; they have made me angry by what they do, says God.
Jeremiah 32:31 This city has made me angry and furious since the day it was built, until now; so I want to get rid of it.
Jeremiah 32:32 Because of all the bad things the people of Israel and Judah have done, making me angry, including their kings, leaders, priests, prophets, the men of Judah, and the people of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 32:33 They've turned their backs on me, not their faces. Even though I taught them early and kept teaching, they did not listen to learn.
Jeremiah 32:34 They put their disgusting idols in the house named after me, to make it unclean.
Jeremiah 32:35 They made altars for Baal in the valley of Hinnom to burn their sons and daughters as offerings to Molech; something I did not command, nor did I think they would do such a horrible thing and make Judah sin.
Jeremiah 32:36 So now, God, the God of Israel, says this about the city you claim will be given to the king of Babylon through war, hunger, and disease:
Jeremiah 32:37 Look, I will bring them back from all the countries where I sent them in my anger, fury, and great wrath; I will return them to this place and they will live in safety.
Jeremiah 32:38 They will be my people, and I will be their God.
Jeremiah 32:39 I will give them one heart and one path so they will respect me always, for their own good and for their children's good.
Jeremiah 32:40 I will make a forever promise with them that I won't leave them but do good for them; I will make them respect me so they won't leave me.
Jeremiah 32:41 Yes, I will celebrate by doing good for them, and I will definitely plant them in this land with all my heart and soul.
Jeremiah 32:42 God says: Just as I caused all this big trouble for these people, I will also give them all the good I promised.
Jeremiah 32:43 People will buy land in this country, even though you say it is empty with no people or animals, because it has been taken over by the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 32:44 People will buy land with money, sign legal papers, seal them, and have witnesses in the land of Benjamin, around Jerusalem, in the towns of Judah, the mountain towns, the valley towns, and the southern towns, because I will restore their fortunes, says God.

Jeremiah 33:1 Again, God spoke to Jeremiah while he was still locked up in the prison yard, saying,
Jeremiah 33:2 God, who made it and shaped it to set it firm, has this to say; God is his name.
Jeremiah 33:3 Ask me, and I will respond to you, and tell you about great and powerful things you do not know.
Jeremiah 33:4 God, the God of Israel, says this about the houses of this city and about the houses of the kings of Judah that are torn down by attackers and by weapons:
Jeremiah 33:5 They come to battle the Chaldeans, only to be filled with the bodies of those I have killed in my anger and fury, and because of all the evil, I have turned away from this city.
Jeremiah 33:6 Look, I will bring them health and healing, and I will heal them and show them a lot of peace and truth.
Jeremiah 33:7 I will bring back the people of Judah and Israel from captivity and rebuild them as before.
Jeremiah 33:8 I will clean them from all their wrongs which made them sin against me; and I will forgive all their sins and offenses against me.
Jeremiah 33:9 It will be known to me as a joyful name, praised and honored by all the nations of the earth. They will hear of all the good I do for them. They will be in awe and shake with fear because of all the goodness and success I bring to it.
Jeremiah 33:10 God says: In this place you think will be empty, with no people or animals, and in the cities of Judah and the streets of Jerusalem that are empty, with no people or animals living there, you will hear noise again.
Jeremiah 33:11 The sounds of happiness and joy, the sounds of the groom and the bride, the sounds of people saying, "Praise God, for He is good; His kindness lasts forever," and the sounds of those bringing thank-you gifts to God's house. I will bring back the people to their land as before, says God.
Jeremiah 33:12 God says: Once more in this empty place, where no people or animals are, and in all its cities, shepherds will live and have their sheep rest.
Jeremiah 33:13 In the mountain cities, valley cities, southern cities, Benjamin's land, near Jerusalem, and in Judah's cities, flocks will again pass under the hands of the one counting them, says God.
Jeremiah 33:14 Look, the time is coming, says God, when I will do the good thing I promised to the people of Israel and Judah.
Jeremiah 33:15 In those days and at that time, I will make a Righteous Branch sprout for David; he will carry out fair judgment and justice in the land.
Jeremiah 33:16 In those days, Judah will be saved, and Jerusalem will live in safety. This is the name by which it will be called: God our righteousness.
Jeremiah 33:17 God says David will always have someone from his family to be king of Israel.
Jeremiah 33:18 The priest Levites will always have someone to offer burnt offerings, prepare grain offerings, and make sacrifices to God.
Jeremiah 33:19 God's message came to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 33:20 God says, if you can end my agreement with the day and night so they don't happen at the right times;
Jeremiah 33:21 If that happens, my agreement with my servant David might also break, so he won't have a son to rule on his throne, along with the Levite priests, who serve me.
Jeremiah 33:22 Just as you can't count the stars or measure the sand on the beach, I will greatly increase the descendants of my servant David and the priests who serve me.
Jeremiah 33:23 God's message came to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 33:24 Do you not see what these people are saying? They say, "God has rejected the two families he chose," so they look down on my people as if they aren't a nation anymore.
Jeremiah 33:25 God says, "If my agreement is not with day and night, and if I haven't set the laws of heaven and earth;
Jeremiah 33:26 Then I will reject the descendants of Jacob and David my servant, so I won't choose any of his descendants to rule over the descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. But I will bring back their captives and show them mercy.

Jeremiah 34:1 God gave a message to Jeremiah when Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, his army, and all the kingdoms he ruled, along with all their people, were fighting against Jerusalem and its cities. He said,
Jeremiah 34:2 God says to Zedekiah, the king of Judah, "I will give this city to the king of Babylon, and he will burn it down."
Jeremiah 34:3 You will not avoid capture; you will be caught and handed over to him. You will see the King of Babylon with your own eyes, and he will talk directly to you, and you will go to Babylon.
Jeremiah 34:4 Listen to God's message, O Zedekiah, king of Judah; God says about you, You will not die by the sword.
Jeremiah 34:5 You will die peacefully, and just as they made fires for past kings before you, they will do the same for you. They will mourn for you and say, "Oh, master!" because I, God, have declared it.
Jeremiah 34:6 The prophet Jeremiah told all these words to Zedekiah, the king of Judah, in Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 34:7 When the king of Babylon's soldiers fought against Jerusalem and the remaining cities of Judah, Lachish, and Azekah, these were the fortified cities left in Judah.
Jeremiah 34:8 This is the message that Jeremiah received from God after King Zedekiah had agreed with all the people in Jerusalem to set them free.
Jeremiah 34:9 Every man should release his male servant and every man his female servant, if they are Hebrew, so that no one should use them as servants, specifically a fellow Jew.
Jeremiah 34:10 When all the leaders and people who had agreed to the promise heard that they should let their male and female servants go free and not make them serve anymore, they obeyed and let them go.
Jeremiah 34:11 Later, they changed their minds and forced the men and women they had freed to become slaves again.
Jeremiah 34:12 So God spoke to Jeremiah with this message.
Jeremiah 34:13 God, the God of Israel, says: I made an agreement with your ancestors when I took them out of Egypt, from the place of slavery, saying,
Jeremiah 34:14 At the end of seven years, each of you must free any Hebrew who has been sold to you. After they have served you for six years, you must let them go free. But your ancestors did not listen to me or pay attention.
Jeremiah 34:15 You had changed your ways and done what is right in my eyes by giving freedom to each other; and you had made a promise to me in the temple that is named after me.
Jeremiah 34:16 But you turned away and dishonored my name. You forced every freed servant and maid to come back and made them slaves again.
Jeremiah 34:17 So God says: You did not listen to me when I asked you to give freedom to each other. Now, I declare that you will be free to face war, disease, and hunger. And I will scatter you among all the nations on earth.
Jeremiah 34:18 I will punish the men who broke my agreement, who did not keep the promises they made to me when they cut a calf in half and walked between its pieces.
Jeremiah 34:19 The leaders of Judah, the leaders of Jerusalem, the officials, the priests, and all the people of the country who walked between the calf's pieces.
Jeremiah 34:20 I will let their enemies capture them and those who want to kill them. Their dead bodies will become food for the birds of the sky and the animals of the land.
Jeremiah 34:21 I will hand King Zedekiah of Judah and his leaders over to their enemies, to those who want to kill them, and to the Babylonian army that has left you.
Jeremiah 34:22 Look, I will give an order, says God, and make them come back to this city; they will attack it, capture it, and burn it down. I will turn the towns of Judah into empty ruins.

Jeremiah 35:1 God's message came to Jeremiah when Jehoiakim son of Josiah was king of Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 35:2 Go to the Rechabites' house, talk to them, bring them to God's house, into a room, and offer them wine to drink.
Jeremiah 35:3 I brought Jaazaniah, son of Jeremiah, son of Habaziniah, his brothers, all his sons, and the whole Rechabite family.
Jeremiah 35:4 I took them into God's house, to the room of Hanan's descendants, Igdaliah's son, who was a man of God. This room was next to the rulers' room and above Maaseiah son of Shallum's room, who guarded the door.
Jeremiah 35:5 I put pots full of wine and cups in front of the Rechabites' sons and told them, "Drink the wine."
Jeremiah 35:6 But they said, "We will not drink wine, because Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, told us, 'You and your sons must never drink wine.'"
Jeremiah 35:7 Do not build houses, plant seeds, grow vineyards, or own them. But always live in tents, so you can live long in the land where you are visitors.
Jeremiah 35:8 We have followed Jonadab, son of Rechab, our father's command by not drinking wine at any time, not us, our wives, our sons, or our daughters.
Jeremiah 35:9 We didn't build houses to live in, and we don't have vineyards, fields, or seeds.
Jeremiah 35:10 We have lived in tents and followed and done everything that Jonadab our father told us to do.
Jeremiah 35:11 But when Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, invaded our land, we decided to go to Jerusalem to escape the Chaldeans' and Syrians' armies, and now we live in Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 35:12 God spoke to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 35:13 God, the ruler of all, says; Go and tell the people of Judah and Jerusalem, won't you listen and follow my words? says God.
Jeremiah 35:14 Jonadab, Rechab's son, told his sons not to drink wine, and they don't to this day. They follow their father's rule, but even though I talked to you early and often, you didn't listen to me.
Jeremiah 35:15 I have also sent you all my prophets, telling them to get up early and go to you, saying, 'Turn away from your bad ways, change what you do, and don't follow other gods to worship them, so you can live in the land I gave to you and your ancestors.' But you haven't listened or paid attention to me.
Jeremiah 35:16 Because Jonadab's descendants followed their father's command, but these people did not listen to me.
Jeremiah 35:17 So this is what God, the God of Israel, says: I will bring all the bad things I said would happen to Judah and everyone in Jerusalem, because I spoke to them and they did not listen; I called to them and they did not answer.
Jeremiah 35:18 Jeremiah told the Rechabites, "God says, 'Because you have followed your ancestor Jonadab's orders, keeping his rules and doing everything he commanded you:'"
Jeremiah 35:19 So this is what God, the God of Israel, says: Jonadab son of Rechab will always have a descendant to serve me.

Jeremiah 36:1 In the fourth year of King Jehoiakim, Josiah's son, of Judah, this message came to Jeremiah from God:
Jeremiah 36:2 Get a scroll and write down all the words I've told you about Israel, Judah, and all other countries, from the time I first spoke to you during Josiah's reign until now.
Jeremiah 36:3 Perhaps the people of Judah will hear about the bad things I plan to do to them, so they might turn from their wicked ways, and then I can forgive their wrongs and their sin.
Jeremiah 36:4 Jeremiah asked Baruch, Neriah's son, to write down all of God's words that he had spoken to him on a scroll.
Jeremiah 36:5 Jeremiah told Baruch, "I am locked up; I can't go into God's house."
Jeremiah 36:6 So go and read the scroll you wrote from my words to the people in God's house on the day of fasting. Also read it to everyone from Judah who comes from their towns.
Jeremiah 36:7 They might ask God for mercy and stop doing evil, because God is very angry with them.
Jeremiah 36:8 Baruch, Neriah's son, followed all that Jeremiah the prophet told him, reading God's words from the book in God's house.
Jeremiah 36:9 In the fifth year of King Jehoiakim, son of Josiah of Judah, during the ninth month, they announced a fast for everyone in Jerusalem and for all who came from the towns of Judah to Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 36:10 Baruch read Jeremiah's words from the book in God's house, in Gemariah's room, son of Shaphan the scribe, in the upper area, near the new gate entrance of God's house, to all the people listening.
Jeremiah 36:11 When Michaiah, son of Gemariah and grandson of Shaphan, heard all of God's words from the book,
Jeremiah 36:12 He went to the king's palace, to the secretary's room, and all the leaders were sitting there, including Elishama the secretary, Delaiah son of Shemaiah, Elnathan son of Achbor, Gemariah son of Shaphan, Zedekiah son of Hananiah, and all the leaders.
Jeremiah 36:13 Then Michaiah told everyone what he had heard when Baruch read the book to the people.
Jeremiah 36:14 So all the leaders sent Jehudi, Nethaniah's son, Shelemiah's grandson, and Cushi's great-grandson, to Baruch. They said, "Bring the scroll you've been reading to the people, and come here." Baruch, Neriah's son, took the scroll and went to them.
Jeremiah 36:15 They told him, "Please sit and read it to us." So Baruch read it to them.
Jeremiah 36:16 When they heard all the words, they became very scared and said to Baruch, "We will definitely tell the king all these words."
Jeremiah 36:17 They asked Baruch, "Tell us, how did you write down all these words as he spoke them?"
Jeremiah 36:18 Baruch replied to them, "He said all these things to me out loud, and I wrote them down with ink in the book."
Jeremiah 36:19 The leaders told Baruch, "Go and hide, you and Jeremiah, and don't let anyone know where you are."
Jeremiah 36:20 They entered the king's court and left the scroll in the room of Elishama the secretary, then told the king everything.
Jeremiah 36:21 The king sent Jehudi to get the scroll, and he brought it from Elishama the secretary's room. Then Jehudi read it to the king and all the princes standing near the king.
Jeremiah 36:22 The king was sitting in his winter home during the ninth month, and a fire was burning in front of him.
Jeremiah 36:23 When Jehudi had read three or four pages, he cut them with a penknife and threw them into the fire on the hearth until the whole scroll was burned up in the fire on the hearth.
Jeremiah 36:24 They were not scared, nor did they tear their clothes, not the king, nor any of his servants who heard these words.
Jeremiah 36:25 Elnathan, Delaiah, and Gemariah asked the king not to burn the scroll, but he wouldn't listen to them.
Jeremiah 36:26 The king told Jerahmeel, Hammelech's son, Seraiah, Azriel's son, and Shelemiah, Abdeel's son, to capture Baruch the writer and Jeremiah the prophet; but God protected them.
Jeremiah 36:27 Then God spoke to Jeremiah after the king had burned the scroll containing the words that Baruch wrote down as Jeremiah dictated, saying,
Jeremiah 36:28 Get another scroll and write on it all the words that were on the first scroll, which King Jehoiakim of Judah burned.
Jeremiah 36:29 Tell King Jehoiakim of Judah that God says: You have burned the scroll because it said that the king of Babylon would come, destroy this land, and take away both people and animals.
Jeremiah 36:30 God says about Jehoiakim, king of Judah: He will have no one to sit on David's throne, and his dead body will be thrown out to the heat by day and the frost by night.
Jeremiah 36:31 I will punish him, his descendants, and his servants for their wrongs. I will bring all the bad things I said would happen to them, to the people of Jerusalem, and to the people of Judah because they did not listen.
Jeremiah 36:32 Jeremiah got another scroll and gave it to Baruch the writer, Neriah's son. He wrote down all the words from Jeremiah that King Jehoiakim of Judah had burned. They added many more similar words as well.

Jeremiah 37:1 King Zedekiah, Josiah's son, became king after Coniah, Jehoiakim's son, whom Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, had made king over Judah.
Jeremiah 37:2 But he, his servants, and the people of the land did not listen to the words of God that He said through the prophet Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 37:3 King Zedekiah sent Jehucal, Shelemiah's son, and Zephaniah, Maaseiah the priest's son, to prophet Jeremiah, saying, "Please pray to God for us."
Jeremiah 37:4 Jeremiah moved freely among the people because he was not imprisoned.
Jeremiah 37:5 The Egyptian army left Egypt, and when the Chaldeans attacking Jerusalem heard about them, they left Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 37:6 God spoke to the prophet Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 37:7 God, the God of Israel, says this: Tell the king of Judah who sent you to ask me, 'The army of Pharaoh that came to help you will go back to Egypt, to their own country.'
Jeremiah 37:8 The Chaldeans will come back, fight against this city, capture it, and set it on fire.
Jeremiah 37:9 God says, "Don't trick yourselves by thinking, 'The Chaldeans will definitely leave us.' They will not leave."
Jeremiah 37:10 Even if you had defeated the entire army of the Chaldeans battling you, and only injured soldiers were left, they would still get up, each in his tent, and set this city on fire.
Jeremiah 37:11 When the Chaldean army left Jerusalem because they were afraid of Pharaoh's army,
Jeremiah 37:12 Jeremiah left Jerusalem to go to the land of Benjamin and keep himself apart from the people there.
Jeremiah 37:13 While he was at Benjamin's gate, a guard leader named Irijah, son of Shelemiah, grandson of Hananiah, was there. He arrested Jeremiah the prophet, accusing him, "You are defecting to the Chaldeans."
Jeremiah 37:14 Then Jeremiah said, "That's not true; I am not going over to the Babylonians." But he did not listen to him; so Irijah arrested Jeremiah and took him to the officials.
Jeremiah 37:15 So the leaders were angry with Jeremiah, hit him, and put him in jail in Jonathan the writer's house, because they had turned it into a jail.
Jeremiah 37:16 When Jeremiah went into the dungeon and the cells, he stayed there for many days.
Jeremiah 37:17 King Zedekiah sent for him and brought him to his house, where he asked him privately, "Has God given a message?" Jeremiah replied, "Yes, you will be captured by the king of Babylon."
Jeremiah 37:18 Jeremiah said to King Zedekiah, "What have I done wrong to you, to your servants, or to the people that you have locked me up?"
Jeremiah 37:19 Where are your prophets now who told you, 'The king of Babylon will not attack you or this land'?
Jeremiah 37:20 Please listen, I ask you, O king: accept my urgent request not to send me back to Jonathan the scribe's house, so I won't die there.
Jeremiah 37:21 King Zedekiah ordered that Jeremiah be put in the prison yard, and that he get a piece of bread every day from the baker's area until all the city's bread was gone. So Jeremiah stayed in the prison yard.

Jeremiah 38:1 Then Shephatiah, Mattan's son; Gedaliah, Pashur's son; Jucal, Shelemiah's son; and Pashur, Malchiah's son heard what Jeremiah was telling everyone.
Jeremiah 38:2 God says, "Whoever stays in this city will die by the sword, hunger, and disease, but whoever goes to the Chaldeans will live; they will escape with their life and survive."
Jeremiah 38:3 God says, "This city will definitely be handed over to the army of the king of Babylon, and they will capture it."
Jeremiah 38:4 So the leaders said to the king, "Please, let this man be killed because he is making the soldiers who are left in the city and all the people lose courage by saying these things. He is not looking out for the good of the people, but for their harm."
Jeremiah 38:5 King Zedekiah said, "Look, he's in your control; the king can't do anything against you."
Jeremiah 38:6 They took Jeremiah and threw him into Malchiah's son Hammelech's dungeon, in the prison yard. They lowered Jeremiah with ropes. The dungeon had no water, only mud, and Jeremiah sank into the mud.
Jeremiah 38:7 When Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs in the king's palace, heard that they had thrown Jeremiah into the pit, while the king was sitting at the Benjamin gate;
Jeremiah 38:8 Ebedmelech left the king's house and spoke to the king, saying,
Jeremiah 38:9 Sir, the king, these men have done wrong in everything they did to the prophet Jeremiah by throwing him into a pit, and he will probably die of hunger there because there is no bread left in the city.
Jeremiah 38:10 The king ordered Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, "Take thirty men from here with you, and lift Jeremiah the prophet out of the pit before he dies."
Jeremiah 38:11 Ebedmelech took the men and went into the king's house below the treasury. He got some old torn clothes and worn-out rags, and using ropes, lowered them into the dungeon to Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 38:12 Ebedmelech the Ethiopian told Jeremiah, "Place these old torn clothes and rotting rags under your armpits, beneath the ropes." And Jeremiah did that.
Jeremiah 38:13 They pulled Jeremiah out of the pit with ropes and he stayed in the prison courtyard.
Jeremiah 38:14 King Zedekiah sent for Jeremiah the prophet and brought him to the third entrance of God's house. The king told Jeremiah, "I will ask you something; don't hide anything from me."
Jeremiah 38:15 Then Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, "If I tell you, won't you definitely kill me? And if I give you advice, won't you listen to me?"
Jeremiah 38:16 So King Zedekiah secretly promised Jeremiah, saying, "As God lives, who made us this soul, I will not kill you or hand you over to these men who want to take your life."
Jeremiah 38:17 Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, "God, the ruler of heaven's armies, the God of Israel, says: If you really go out to meet the king of Babylon's officers, you will live, this city won't be burned down, and you and your family will survive."
Jeremiah 38:18 If you don't go out to meet the king of Babylon's officers, then this city will be handed over to the Chaldeans, who will burn it, and you won't escape from them.
Jeremiah 38:19 King Zedekiah told Jeremiah, "I am scared of the Jews who joined the Chaldeans because I worry they will hand me over to them, and they will make fun of me."
Jeremiah 38:20 Jeremiah said, "They won't hand you over. Please listen to what God is telling you through me: then things will go well for you, and you will stay alive."
Jeremiah 38:21 If you choose not to go out, here is the message God has revealed to me:
Jeremiah 38:22 Look, all the women left in Judah's king's house will be taken to the king of Babylon's officials, and they will say, "Your allies encouraged you and have beaten you: your feet are stuck in the mud, and they have turned away from you."
Jeremiah 38:23 They will bring out all your wives and children to the Chaldeans. You will not escape from them but will be captured by the king of Babylon. You will make this city burn with fire.
Jeremiah 38:24 Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, "Don't let anyone know about these words and you won't die."
Jeremiah 38:25 If the leaders find out I spoke with you, and they ask you, 'Tell us what you told the king and what he said to you; don't hide it from us and we won't kill you,'
Jeremiah 38:26 Then you should tell them, I asked the king not to send me back to Jonathan's house to die.
Jeremiah 38:27 All the leaders went to Jeremiah and asked him questions, and he answered with the words that the king had ordered. Then they stopped talking with him because they didn't understand the situation.
Jeremiah 38:28 Jeremiah stayed in the prison courtyard until the day Jerusalem was captured, and he was there when it happened.

Jeremiah 39:1 In the ninth year when Zedekiah was king of Judah, during the tenth month, Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon and his whole army attacked Jerusalem and surrounded it.
Jeremiah 39:2 In the eleventh year of Zedekiah, during the fourth month on the ninth day, the city walls were breached.
Jeremiah 39:3 All the leaders of the king of Babylon entered and sat at the central gate: Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the other leaders of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:4 When Zedekiah, the king of Judah, and all the soldiers saw them, they ran away. They escaped from the city at night, through the king's garden and the gate between the two walls, and they took the road to the plain.
Jeremiah 39:5 The army of the Chaldeans chased them and caught Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho. After capturing him, they took him to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, at Riblah in the territory of Hamath, where he was judged.
Jeremiah 39:6 The king of Babylon killed Zedekiah's sons in Riblah while he watched. He also killed all the important leaders of Judah.
Jeremiah 39:7 He blinded Zedekiah and tied him up with chains to take him to Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:8 The Chaldeans set fire to the king's palace and the people's homes and broke down the walls of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 39:9 Then Nebuzaradan, the head guard, took the remaining people in the city as captives to Babylon, along with those who joined him and the rest of the people who were left.
Jeremiah 39:10 Nebuzaradan, the guard captain, left the poor people who had nothing in Judah and gave them vineyards and fields then.
Jeremiah 39:11 The king of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar, gave orders about Jeremiah to his chief guard, Nebuzaradan, saying,
Jeremiah 39:12 Take him, watch him carefully, and don't hurt him; but do to him just as he tells you.
Jeremiah 39:13 So Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, sent Nebushasban, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the princes of Babylon's king.
Jeremiah 39:14 They sent for Jeremiah, took him from the prison yard, and handed him over to Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, Shaphan's grandson, to take him home. So he lived with the people.
Jeremiah 39:15 God's message came to Jeremiah when he was locked in the prison yard, saying,
Jeremiah 39:16 Go and tell Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, 'God, the ruler of all, the God of Israel, says: I will make my words come true against this city for harm, not for good; and you will see it happen on that day.'
Jeremiah 39:17 God says, "But on that day, I will save you, and you will not be handed over to the men you fear."
Jeremiah 39:18 I will definitely save you, and you won't die by the sword, but you will have your life as a reward because you trusted in me, says God.

Jeremiah 40:1 God gave a message to Jeremiah after Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, released him in Ramah. This happened when he had been taken with chains among all the people from Jerusalem and Judah who were being taken as prisoners to Babylon.
Jeremiah 40:2 The guard leader took Jeremiah and said to him, "God has declared this disaster on this place."
Jeremiah 40:3 God has made this happen because you sinned against him and didn't listen to him, so this has come upon you.
Jeremiah 40:4 Today, I free you from the chains on your hands. If you want to come with me to Babylon, come; I will take good care of you. But if you don't want to come with me to Babylon, then don't. Look, all the land is open to you: go wherever you think is best and right for you.
Jeremiah 40:5 Before he had gone far, he said, "Return to Gedaliah, Ahikam's son and Shaphan's grandson, whom the king of Babylon appointed as ruler over the towns of Judah. Stay with him and the people, or go anywhere you think is best." Then the guard captain gave him food and a gift and allowed him to leave.
Jeremiah 40:6 Jeremiah went to Gedaliah, the son of Ahikam, at Mizpah and lived with him among the people who remained in the land.
Jeremiah 40:7 When all the military leaders who were in the open country and their troops heard that the king of Babylon had appointed Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, as governor over the land and had put under his care men, women, children, and the poorest people who had not been taken as captives to Babylon;
Jeremiah 40:8 They went to Gedaliah at Mizpah, including Ishmael son of Nethaniah, Johanan and Jonathan sons of Kareah, Seraiah son of Tanhumeth, the sons of Ephai from Netophah, and Jezaniah son of a Maachathite with their men.
Jeremiah 40:9 Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, Shaphan's grandson, promised them and their people, saying, "Don't be afraid to work for the Chaldeans. Live in the land and serve the Babylon king, and you will be fine."
Jeremiah 40:10 I will stay in Mizpah to help the Chaldeans when they arrive, but you should collect wine, summer fruits, and oil, store them in containers, and live in the cities you've captured.
Jeremiah 40:11 When all the Jews in Moab, the Ammonites, Edom, and other countries heard that the king of Babylon had allowed some people from Judah to remain and that he had appointed Gedaliah, the son of Ahikam and grandson of Shaphan, to govern them;
Jeremiah 40:12 All the Jews came back from the places they had been scattered to and went to Judah, to see Gedaliah at Mizpah. There, they collected a lot of wine and summer fruits.
Jeremiah 40:13 Johanan, Kareah's son, and all the army leaders in the fields went to see Gedaliah at Mizpah.
Jeremiah 40:14 He asked, “Do you really know that Baalis, the king of the Ammonites, has sent Ishmael, son of Nethaniah, to kill you?” But Gedaliah, son of Ahikam, did not believe it.
Jeremiah 40:15 Johanan, Kareah's son, spoke to Gedaliah in Mizpah in secret. He said, "Please let me go and kill Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, and no one will find out. Why should he kill you, so the Jews with you scatter and the survivors in Judah die?"
Jeremiah 40:16 But Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, told Johanan, Kareah's son, "Don't do this; you're lying about Ishmael."

Jeremiah 41:1 In the seventh month, Ishmael son of Nethaniah, grandson of Elishama of royal descent, and ten leaders with him, went to see Gedaliah son of Ahikam at Mizpah. There, they all ate bread together in Mizpah.
Jeremiah 41:2 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, and the ten men with him stood up, attacked Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, Shaphan's grandson, with a sword, and killed him. Gedaliah was the one the king of Babylon had appointed to govern the land.
Jeremiah 41:3 Ishmael killed all the Jews with him and Gedaliah at Mizpah, including the Chaldeans and soldiers there.
Jeremiah 41:4 Two days after he killed Gedaliah, with nobody knowing,
Jeremiah 41:5 Some men came from Shechem, Shiloh, and Samaria—eighty of them—with shaved beards, torn clothes, and cuts on their bodies. They brought offerings and incense to take to God's house.
Jeremiah 41:6 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, left Mizpah to meet them, crying as he walked. When he met them, he told them, "Come to Gedaliah, Ahikam's son."
Jeremiah 41:7 When they entered the city, Ishmael son of Nethaniah killed them and threw their bodies into a pit, along with his men.
Jeremiah 41:8 But ten men were there who said to Ishmael, "Don't kill us: we have hidden treasures in the field, of wheat, barley, oil, and honey." So he spared them and did not kill them with their brothers.
Jeremiah 41:9 The pit where Ishmael threw all the dead men he killed because of Gedaliah was the same one King Asa had dug because he was afraid of Baasha, the king of Israel. Ishmael, son of Nethaniah, filled it with the slain.
Jeremiah 41:10 Ishmael took all the remaining people in Mizpah captive, including the king's daughters and those Nebuzaradan, the guard captain, left with Gedaliah, Ahikam's son. Then Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, led them away to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 41:11 When Johanan son of Kareah and all the army leaders with him heard about all the bad things Ishmael son of Nethaniah had done,
Jeremiah 41:12 They captured all the men and fought against Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, near the large waters in Gibeon.
Jeremiah 41:13 When all the people with Ishmael saw Johanan, Kareah's son, and the commanders with him, they were happy.
Jeremiah 41:14 All the people Ishmael took from Mizpah turned around, came back, and went to Johanan, Kareah's son.
Jeremiah 41:15 Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, got away from Johanan with eight men and went to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 41:16 Johanan, Kareah's son, and the leaders with him took all the survivors he saved from Ishmael, Nethaniah's son, from Mizpah after he killed Gedaliah, Ahikam's son, including soldiers, women, children, and eunuchs, whom he had brought back from Gibeon.
Jeremiah 41:17 They left and lived in Chimham's place near Bethlehem, planning to go to Egypt.
Jeremiah 41:18 They feared the Chaldeans because Ishmael son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had appointed governor.

Jeremiah 42:1 Then all the army leaders, Johanan son of Kareah, Jezaniah son of Hoshaiah, and everyone, both small and great, came forward.
Jeremiah 42:2 They said to the prophet Jeremiah, "Please listen to our request and pray to God for us, for all of us who remain, because only a few of us are left from many, as you can see."
Jeremiah 42:3 So that God may show us the path to walk in and what we should do.
Jeremiah 42:4 Then the prophet Jeremiah said to them, "I have listened to you; I will pray to God for you as you have asked; and whatever answer God gives, I will tell you everything; I will hide nothing from you."
Jeremiah 42:5 Then they said to Jeremiah, "May God be a true and trustworthy witness between us, if we do not follow all the instructions that your God gives you for us."
Jeremiah 42:6 Whether it is good or bad, we will listen to God, to whom we sent you; so that things will go well for us when we listen to God's voice.
Jeremiah 42:7 After ten days, God spoke to Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 42:8 He called Johanan, Kareah's son, and all the army leaders with him, and all the people, from the least to the greatest.
Jeremiah 42:9 He said to them, "This is what God, the God of Israel, says, to whom you sent me to offer your request before Him;"
Jeremiah 42:10 If you choose to stay in this land, then I will strengthen you and not destroy you, and I will settle you and not uproot you, because I regret the harm I have caused you.
Jeremiah 42:11 Do not fear the king of Babylon, whom you are scared of; do not fear him, says God: for I am with you to save you and rescue you from his power.
Jeremiah 42:12 I will show you kindness so that you will be shown kindness, and bring you back to your own land.
Jeremiah 42:13 But if you say, "We won't live in this land or listen to the voice of God,"
Jeremiah 42:14 No, we will go to Egypt, where we won't see war, hear the trumpet, or be hungry for bread; and we will live there.
Jeremiah 42:15 So now, listen to what God tells you, you who remain from Judah. This is what the Lord Almighty, the God of Israel, says: If you are fully determined to go to Egypt and live there;
Jeremiah 42:16 It will happen that the sword you were afraid of will catch up with you in Egypt, and the hunger you feared will also reach you there in Egypt; and there you will die.
Jeremiah 42:17 Everyone who goes to live in Egypt will die by war, hunger, and disease. No one will survive or escape the disaster I will bring on them.
Jeremiah 42:18 God of Israel says: Just as my anger has been poured out on the people of Jerusalem, it will be poured out on you when you go to Egypt. You will become a curse and a shocking example, and you will never see this place again.
Jeremiah 42:19 God has told you, people left from Judah, do not go to Egypt: be sure that I have warned you today.
Jeremiah 42:20 You pretended in your hearts when you sent me to God, saying, "Ask God to help us, and tell us everything God says, and we will do it."
Jeremiah 42:21 Today I told you, but you did not listen to God or follow what he sent me to tell you.
Jeremiah 42:22 So now, be sure that you will die from war, hunger, and disease in the place you want to go to live.

Jeremiah 43:1 When Jeremiah finished telling the people everything that God had sent him to say to them,
Jeremiah 43:2 Azariah son of Hoshaiah, Johanan son of Kareah, and all the arrogant men said to Jeremiah, "You are lying: God has not sent you to tell us, 'Do not go to live in Egypt.'"
Jeremiah 43:3 But Baruch, son of Neriah, is turning you against us to hand us over to the Chaldeans, so they can kill us or take us as prisoners to Babylon.
Jeremiah 43:4 So Johanan, Kareah's son, and all the army leaders, and all the people, did not follow God's command to live in the land of Judah.
Jeremiah 43:5 Johanan, Kareah's son, and all the military leaders took all the remaining people of Judah who had come back from the countries where they were scattered to live in the land of Judah.
Jeremiah 43:6 Men, women, children, the king's daughters, and everyone that the captain of the guards, Nebuzaradan, left with Gedaliah, the son of Ahikam, son of Shaphan, along with Jeremiah the prophet and Baruch, son of Neriah.
Jeremiah 43:7 They entered Egypt because they did not listen to God, and so they reached Tahpanhes.
Jeremiah 43:8 Then God spoke to Jeremiah in Tahpanhes, saying,
Jeremiah 43:9 Carry large stones in your hand and bury them in the mud at the brick-making place near the entrance of the king's palace in Tahpanhes, where the men of Judah can see you.
Jeremiah 43:10 Tell them this: God, the God of Israel, says, "Look, I will send and bring King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, my servant. I will place his throne on these hidden stones, and he will set up his royal tent over them."
Jeremiah 43:11 When he comes, he will strike the land of Egypt, and those marked for death will die, those marked for captivity will be taken captive, and those marked for the sword will fall by the sword.
Jeremiah 43:12 I will start a fire in the Egyptian gods' temples; it will burn them and take them as prisoners. He will take over Egypt as easily as a shepherd puts on his coat, and then he will leave there safely.
Jeremiah 43:13 He will also destroy the statues in Bethshemesh in Egypt; he will burn down the Egyptian temples.

Jeremiah 44:1 God's message came to Jeremiah for all the Jews living in Egypt, in Migdol, Tahpanhes, Noph, and the region of Pathros. He said,
Jeremiah 44:2 God says, "You have seen all the bad things I have brought on Jerusalem and the cities of Judah; now they are ruined, and no one lives there."
Jeremiah 44:3 They did evil things to make me angry, like burning incense and worshiping gods they, you, or your ancestors didn't know.
Jeremiah 44:4 Even though I sent you all my prophets, again and again, telling you, "Please don't do this terrible thing that I hate."
Jeremiah 44:5 But they did not listen or turn their ears away from their evil ways, to stop burning incense to other gods.
Jeremiah 44:6 So my anger and fury were poured out and blazed in the cities of Judah and the streets of Jerusalem, and they are ruined and empty to this day.
Jeremiah 44:7 So now this is what God, the God of all, the God of Israel, says: Why do you do this terrible thing against yourselves? It will make every man, woman, baby, and nursing child disappear from Judah, leaving no one left.
Jeremiah 44:8 You make me angry with what you do, burning incense to other gods in Egypt where you've gone to live, making yourselves cut off, cursed, and shamed among all the countries on earth.
Jeremiah 44:9 Have you forgotten how bad your ancestors, the kings of Judah, their wives, you, and your wives were in Judah and Jerusalem?
Jeremiah 44:10 They have not become humble to this day, nor have they shown fear, followed my laws, or obeyed my rules that I gave to you and your ancestors.
Jeremiah 44:11 So this is what God, the God of Israel says: Look, I will turn against you to bring disaster and to completely remove Judah.
Jeremiah 44:12 I will take the few people from Judah who decided to go live in Egypt. In Egypt, they will all be destroyed. They will die by the sword and from hunger. Every one of them, from the least to the greatest, will die by the sword and from hunger. They will become something people curse and are shocked by, and they will be insulted and shamed.
Jeremiah 44:13 I will punish the people in Egypt just as I punished Jerusalem, with war, hunger, and disease.
Jeremiah 44:14 None of the remaining people of Judah who went to live in Egypt will survive or stay alive to go back to Judah, even though they want to live there again; only those who manage to escape will return.
Jeremiah 44:15 All the men who knew their wives worshiped other gods, and all the women near them, along with a large crowd, even all the people living in Egypt, in Pathros, responded to Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 44:16 About what you told us in God's name, we won't listen to you.
Jeremiah 44:17 We will definitely do whatever we said we would, like offering incense to the queen of heaven and pouring out liquid offerings to her, just as we, along with our ancestors, kings, and leaders, did in the towns of Judah and Jerusalem. Back then, we had plenty of food, were healthy, and didn't see any trouble.
Jeremiah 44:18 Since we stopped burning incense to the queen of heaven and pouring out drink offerings to her, we have lacked everything and have been destroyed by war and hunger.
Jeremiah 44:19 When we burned incense to the queen of heaven and gave her drink offerings, did we make cakes for her and pour out drinks without our men?
Jeremiah 44:20 Then Jeremiah spoke to everyone, the men and women, and all who had replied to him, saying,
Jeremiah 44:21 God remembered the incense you and your ancestors, kings, and leaders burned in the towns of Judah and the streets of Jerusalem, didn't He?
Jeremiah 44:22 So God could not stand it anymore, because of the evil things you've done, and the terrible things you've done; that's why your land is ruined, shocking, and cursed, with no one living in it, just like today.
Jeremiah 44:23 Because you burned incense and sinned against God, not listening to God's voice or following His laws, rules, or commands, this bad thing has happened to you today.
Jeremiah 44:24 Jeremiah also said to all the people and the women, "Listen to God's message, all of you from Judah living in Egypt."
Jeremiah 44:25 God, the God of Israel, says: You and your wives have said with your mouths and done with your hands, "We will surely keep the promises we made to burn incense to the queen of heaven and to pour out drink offerings to her." You will indeed keep your promises and do what you vowed.
Jeremiah 44:26 So listen to God's message, all you people of Judah living in Egypt. I promise by my great name, says God, that no one from Judah in Egypt will say 'The living God' anymore.
Jeremiah 44:27 Look, I will look after them for harm, not for good: and all the men of Judah in Egypt will die by the sword and hunger, until they are all gone.
Jeremiah 44:28 A few who escape the sword will come back from Egypt to Judah, and all the remaining people of Judah who went to stay in Egypt will find out which words will last, mine or theirs.
Jeremiah 44:29 This will be a sign to you, says God: I will punish you here, so you will know that my words will certainly come true and bring bad things to you.
Jeremiah 44:30 God says, "Look, I will hand over Pharaoh Hophra, king of Egypt, to his enemies and to those who want to kill him, just as I handed over Zedekiah, king of Judah, to Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, his enemy, who wanted to kill him."

Jeremiah 45:1 Jeremiah the prophet told Baruch, son of Neriah, these words after Baruch wrote them down as Jeremiah said them. This happened in the fourth year of Jehoiakim's rule, Josiah's son, who was the king of Judah.
Jeremiah 45:2 God, the God of Israel, says this to you, O Baruch:
Jeremiah 45:3 You said, "I am in trouble now! For God has made my sadness greater; I grew weak as I sighed, and I can't find peace."
Jeremiah 45:4 Tell him this: God says, "Look, I will destroy what I have built and uproot what I have planted, all across the land."
Jeremiah 45:5 Are you looking for great things for yourself? Don't look for them, because I will bring trouble to everyone, says God, but I will let you escape with your life wherever you go.

Jeremiah 46:1 God's message that came to Jeremiah the prophet about the nations;
Jeremiah 46:2 Against Egypt and Pharaohnecho's army, the king of Egypt, near the Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon defeated in the fourth year of Jehoiakim's reign, Josiah's son, the king of Judah.
Jeremiah 46:3 Prepare your shields, both large and small, and move forward to fight.
Jeremiah 46:4 Prepare the horses; riders, get ready and put on your helmets; polish the spears and wear your armor.
Jeremiah 46:5 Why have I seen them scared and running away? Their strong ones are defeated, have run quickly, and don't look back because fear was all around, says God.
Jeremiah 46:6 Do not let the fast run away, nor the strong man get away; they will trip and fall by the Euphrates River to the north.
Jeremiah 46:7 Who is this coming up like a flood, with waters swirling like rivers?
Jeremiah 46:8 Egypt rises like a flood, and its waters surge like the rivers. It says, "I will rise and cover the earth. I will destroy the city and its people."
Jeremiah 46:9 Move forward, horses; surge ahead, chariots; and strong warriors step out; the Ethiopians and Libyans with shields; and the Lydians with bows ready.
Jeremiah 46:10 Today is God's day, a day for revenge, so he can fight his enemies. The sword will eat until it is full and drunk with their blood. God has a sacrifice in the land by the Euphrates River.
Jeremiah 46:11 Travel to Gilead and get healing ointment, young woman of Egypt. You will use many treatments in vain; you will not be healed.
Jeremiah 46:12 Countries have heard about your disgrace, and your screams have spread everywhere: because strong people have tripped over each other, and they have both fallen down.
Jeremiah 46:13 God told the prophet Jeremiah how King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon would come and strike the land of Egypt.
Jeremiah 46:14 Tell everyone in Egypt, announce in Migdol, and let Noph and Tahpanhes know: say, "Be strong and get ready; the sword will destroy everything around you."
Jeremiah 46:15 Why were your brave men scattered? They did not stand firm because God drove them away.
Jeremiah 46:16 He caused many to fall, yes, one tumbled onto another; and they said, Get up, let's go back to our own people and the land where we were born, away from the cruel sword.
Jeremiah 46:17 They shouted there, "Pharaoh the king of Egypt is just noise; he missed the scheduled time."
Jeremiah 46:18 I am alive, says the King named God of all. Just like Tabor stands out among the mountains and Carmel at the sea, he will come.
Jeremiah 46:19 You, Egypt's daughter, get ready for captivity: Noph will be ruined and empty without people.
Jeremiah 46:20 Egypt is like a beautiful young cow, but disaster is coming; it is coming from the north.
Jeremiah 46:21 Her paid workers are among her like well-fed bulls; they have turned away and run off together: they did not stay because their disaster came upon them, and their time of punishment.
Jeremiah 46:22 The sound will move like a snake; they will move forward with a military force and attack with axes like woodcutters.
Jeremiah 46:23 They will chop down her forests, says God, even though they are too vast to explore; because they outnumber the grasshoppers and cannot be counted.
Jeremiah 46:24 Egypt's daughter will be ashamed; she will be handed over to the northern people.
Jeremiah 46:25 God, the God of Israel, says, "Look, I will punish the people of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all who trust in him."
Jeremiah 46:26 I will give them over to those who want to kill them, to King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, and to his officials. Later, it will be lived in again, like in the old times, says God.
Jeremiah 46:27 Do not be afraid, Jacob my servant, and do not be discouraged, Israel. I will save you from far away and your descendants from the land where they are captives. Jacob will come back, be peaceful and secure, and no one will frighten him.
Jeremiah 46:28 Do not be afraid, Jacob my servant, God says: I am with you. I will completely destroy all the nations where I have sent you, but I will not completely destroy you. I will discipline you properly, but I will not let you go unpunished.

Jeremiah 47:1 God's message came to Jeremiah the prophet about the Philistines before the Pharaoh attacked Gaza.
Jeremiah 47:2 God says, "Look, waters are coming from the north, becoming a flooding river, flooding the land and everything in it; the city and everyone living there. Then people will scream, and everyone in the land will wail."
Jeremiah 47:3 When they hear the loud stomping of his powerful horses, the roar of his chariots, and the rumbling of their wheels, the parents will not turn back to their kids because their hands are too weak.
Jeremiah 47:4 The day is coming to destroy all the Philistines, and to end every remaining helper from Tyre and Sidon: for God will destroy the Philistines, the survivors from the land of Caphtor.
Jeremiah 47:5 Gaza is now bald; Ashkelon and the rest of their valley are destroyed. How long will you hurt yourself?
Jeremiah 47:6 Sword of God, how long until you stop? Go back into your sheath, rest, and be calm.
Jeremiah 47:7 How can it be calm when God has ordered it to attack Ashkelon and the coast? That is where he has sent it.

Jeremiah 48:1 God says this about Moab: "Trouble is coming to Nebo because it's destroyed. Kiriathaim is captured and shamed. Misgab is terrified and upset."
Jeremiah 48:2 Moab will not be praised anymore; in Heshbon, they plan to destroy it. Come, let's wipe it out as a nation. Madmen, you too will be destroyed; the sword will chase you.
Jeremiah 48:3 Cries and loud noises will come from Horonaim, along with destruction and major damage.
Jeremiah 48:4 Moab is ruined; her young children have made a cry heard.
Jeremiah 48:5 As people climb up Luhith, they keep crying. As they go down to Horonaim, enemies hear a loud sound of ruin.
Jeremiah 48:6 Run away, save yourselves, and be like a bush in the desert.
Jeremiah 48:7 Because you trusted in what you did and in your riches, you will be captured: and Chemosh will be taken away as a prisoner with his priests and leaders.
Jeremiah 48:8 The destroyer will come to every city, and every city will not be spared; the valley will also wither, and the flat land will be ruined, as God has said.
Jeremiah 48:9 Give Moab wings to fly away and escape, because its cities will be empty, with no one living in them.
Jeremiah 48:10 Cursed is the one who does God's work with trickery, and cursed is the one who holds back his sword from drawing blood.
Jeremiah 48:11 Moab has lived comfortably since he was young, settled without being disturbed, and has not been moved from one container to another, nor has he been taken captive; so his ways have stayed the same, and his character has not changed.
Jeremiah 48:12 So, look, the time will come, God says, when I will send travelers to him who will make him wander, empty his containers, and smash his jars.
Jeremiah 48:13 Moab will feel shame for Chemosh just as the people of Israel felt shame for their trust in Bethel.
Jeremiah 48:14 How can you say, "We are powerful and strong warriors"?
Jeremiah 48:15 Moab is destroyed, and people have left its towns, and its best young men have been killed, says the King, whose name is God of armies.
Jeremiah 48:16 Moab's disaster is coming soon, and his trouble is speeding up.
Jeremiah 48:17 Everyone around him, mourn for him; and everyone who knows his name, ask, "How is the powerful stick broken, and the lovely stick!"
Jeremiah 48:18 You who live in Dibon, come down from your high place and sit in thirst; for the destroyer of Moab will attack you and break down your safe places.
Jeremiah 48:19 People of Aroer, stand by the road, watch, and ask both the person who is running away and the person who has escaped, "What happened?"
Jeremiah 48:20 Moab is embarrassed; it is destroyed: wail and weep; say it in Arnon, that Moab is ruined.
Jeremiah 48:21 God's judgment has come to the flat land, to Holon, to Jahazah, and to Mephaath.
Jeremiah 48:22 On Dibon, Nebo, and Bethdiblathaim,
Jeremiah 48:23 On Kiriathaim, on Bethgamul, and on Bethmeon,
Jeremiah 48:24 And on Kerioth, and on Bozrah, and on all the cities of Moab, far and near.
Jeremiah 48:25 Moab's strength is gone, and his power is broken, says God.
Jeremiah 48:26 Make him drunk because he acted arrogantly against God. Moab will roll in his own throw-up, and he will be mocked as well.
Jeremiah 48:27 Didn't you mock Israel? Did you catch him with thieves? You've been happy talking about him.
Jeremiah 48:28 You who live in Moab, leave the cities, live in the cliffs, and be like the dove that builds her nest on the edge of a cave's entrance.
Jeremiah 48:29 We have heard how proud Moab is, very proud indeed, of his greatness, his arrogance, his pride, and his conceited heart.
Jeremiah 48:30 I know his anger, says God, but it won't happen like that; his lies won't succeed.
Jeremiah 48:31 So, I will wail for Moab and cry for all of Moab; my heart will grieve for the people of Kirheres.
Jeremiah 48:32 O Sibmah vine, I will cry for you like the cries of Jazer: your branches have spread across the sea, even to Jazer's sea: the destroyer has attacked your summer fruit and harvest.
Jeremiah 48:33 Happiness and joy have been removed from the fertile fields and the land of Moab; I have made the wine stop flowing from the winepresses: no one will step on grapes with cheers; their cheers won't be heard.
Jeremiah 48:34 People are screaming from Heshbon to Elealeh and Jahaz, and from Zoar to Horonaim, like young cows. Even Nimrim's waters will be empty.
Jeremiah 48:35 I will stop people in Moab from making sacrifices on the high hills and burning incense to their gods, says God.
Jeremiah 48:36 So my heart will cry for Moab like flutes, and my heart will be like flutes for the people of Kir Heres, for the wealth they gained is gone.
Jeremiah 48:37 Every head will be shaved, every beard trimmed; all hands will be scratched, and around the waist, there will be rough cloth.
Jeremiah 48:38 People will mourn on all the rooftops in Moab and in its streets, because I have shattered Moab like a useless pot, says God.
Jeremiah 48:39 They will cry out, "How it is destroyed! How Moab has run away in shame!" So Moab will become a joke and a terror to all nearby.
Jeremiah 48:40 For this is what God says: Look, he will soar like an eagle and spread his wings over Moab.
Jeremiah 48:41 Kerioth is captured, and the strongholds are taken by surprise, and on that day, the brave soldiers in Moab will be as scared as a woman having a baby.
Jeremiah 48:42 Moab will be ruined and no longer be a nation because it boasted against God.
Jeremiah 48:43 Danger, a hole, and a trap will come to you, people of Moab, says God.
Jeremiah 48:44 The one who runs from danger will fall into a hole, and whoever climbs out of the hole will get caught in a trap, because I will bring disaster on Moab when I punish them, says God.
Jeremiah 48:45 Those who ran away stayed in the shade of Heshbon because of the enemy. But a fire will start from Heshbon, and a flame from Sihon, and it will burn the edges of Moab and the tops of the noisy people's heads.
Jeremiah 48:46 Sadness comes to you, Moab! The followers of Chemosh are destroyed: your sons are captured, and your daughters are captured.
Jeremiah 48:47 But I will restore Moab from captivity in the future, says God. This is God's judgment on Moab.

Jeremiah 49:1 About the Ammonites, this is what God says: Does Israel have no children? Do they have no one to inherit their land? Why then does the king of the Ammonites take over the land of Gad, and why do his people live in its towns?
Jeremiah 49:2 So, listen, the time will come, God says, when I will make the sound of war heard in Rabbah of the Ammon people; it will become a ruined mound, and its towns will be set on fire. Then Israel will take over the land from those who took their land, God says.
Jeremiah 49:3 Cry out, O Heshbon, because Ai is destroyed: weep, you women of Rabbah, put on rough cloth; mourn, and walk back and forth by the fences; for their king will be taken as prisoner, along with his religious leaders and officials.
Jeremiah 49:4 Why do you boast about your valleys, your fertile valley, you unfaithful city? You trust in your riches and think, 'Who will attack me?'
Jeremiah 49:5 Look, I will cause you to be very afraid, says God of all, from everyone around you; and you will all be forced to leave straight away; and no one will help those who stray.
Jeremiah 49:6 Afterward, God will restore the fortunes of the Ammonites' descendants.
Jeremiah 49:7 About Edom, God says: Has wisdom disappeared from Teman? Has good advice ended for the wise? Is their wisdom gone?
Jeremiah 49:8 Run away, turn around, hide well, people of Dedan; because I will bring Esau's disaster on him, when it's time for me to punish him.
Jeremiah 49:9 If grape pickers come to you, wouldn't they leave some grapes behind? If thieves come at night, they will destroy only until they have enough.
Jeremiah 49:10 I have left Esau exposed, revealed his hiding spots, and he can't hide: his descendants, his brothers, and his neighbors are ruined, and he no longer exists.
Jeremiah 49:11 Leave your children without a father to me; I will keep them safe, and your widows can rely on me.
Jeremiah 49:12 God says, "Look, those who were not supposed to drink from the cup have definitely drunk it; and do you think you will go unpunished? You will not go unpunished, but you will certainly drink from it."
Jeremiah 49:13 I promise, says God, that Bozrah will become ruined, shamed, empty, and cursed; all its cities will be forever deserted.
Jeremiah 49:14 I have heard news from God: a messenger has been sent to the nations saying, "Come together and attack her; get ready for battle."
Jeremiah 49:15 I will make you unimportant among the nations and scorned by people.
Jeremiah 49:16 Your fearsomeness has tricked you, with the arrogance of your heart, you who live in the rock cracks and hold the hilltops high. Even if you set your home as high as an eagle's, I will bring you down from there, says God.
Jeremiah 49:17 Edom will become a wasteland; everyone who passes by will be shocked and will scorn its many disasters.
Jeremiah 49:18 Just like when Sodom and Gomorrah and the nearby towns were destroyed, says God, no one will live there, nor will any person stay there.
Jeremiah 49:19 Look, he will rise like a lion from the Jordan's banks against the powerful place: but I will quickly make him flee from there: and who is the capable man I can put in charge of it? Who is equal to me? Who can set a time for me? And who is the shepherd that can face me?
Jeremiah 49:20 Listen to God's plan against Edom and his intentions for the people of Teman: Even the weakest will lead them away; yes, their homes will be made empty and ruined.
Jeremiah 49:21 The earth shakes when they fall, and their loud cry is heard all the way to the Red Sea.
Jeremiah 49:22 Look, he will rise and soar like an eagle, and stretch his wings over Bozrah. On that day, the brave people of Edom will be as scared as a woman in labor.
Jeremiah 49:23 About Damascus: Hamath and Arpad are worried because they have heard bad news. They are afraid; there is sadness on the sea; it cannot calm down.
Jeremiah 49:24 Damascus has become weak and tries to run away; fear has grabbed her, and pain and sorrow have caught her like a woman giving birth.
Jeremiah 49:25 Why is the praised city abandoned, the city of my happiness?
Jeremiah 49:26 So her young men will die in the streets, and all her soldiers will be wiped out on that day, says God.
Jeremiah 49:27 I will start a fire in the walls of Damascus, and it will burn down Benhadad's palaces.
Jeremiah 49:28 About Kedar and the kingdoms of Hazor, which King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon will strike, this is what God says: Get up, attack Kedar, and take the goods of the eastern people.
Jeremiah 49:29 They will take their tents and animals; they will take their covers, all their things, and camels; and they will shout to them, "Fear is all around."
Jeremiah 49:30 Run away, go far away, hide well, people of Hazor, says God; because Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, has made plans against you and intends to attack you.
Jeremiah 49:31 Get up and go to the rich country that lives safely, says God, a country without gates or bars, living on its own.
Jeremiah 49:32 They will lose their camels and lots of their livestock; I will scatter those in the far corners to every direction, and disaster will come at them from all sides, says God.
Jeremiah 49:33 Hazor will become a home for wild creatures and will be empty forever; no person will live there, nor will anyone stay there.
Jeremiah 49:34 God's message that came to Jeremiah the prophet about Elam, at the start of King Zedekiah's rule in Judah, was:
Jeremiah 49:35 God says: I will break Elam's strongest weapon, their bow.
Jeremiah 49:36 I will send winds from all four directions against Elam and scatter its people in every direction; there will be no country where its refugees do not go.
Jeremiah 49:37 I will make Elam afraid before their enemies and those who want to kill them. I will bring disaster on them, with my intense anger, says God. I will send the sword after them until they are destroyed.
Jeremiah 49:38 I will put my throne in Elam and destroy their king and leaders, says God.
Jeremiah 49:39 In the future, God will restore Elam's fortunes.

Jeremiah 50:1 God spoke against Babylon and the Chaldeans through the prophet Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 50:2 Tell the nations, announce it, raise a flag; announce it, don't hide it: say, Babylon is captured, Bel is ashamed, Merodach is shattered; her gods are ashamed, her statues are shattered.
Jeremiah 50:3 From the north, a nation will attack her and make her land empty. No one will live there; all people and animals will leave.
Jeremiah 50:4 During that time, God says, the people of Israel and Judah will come together, crying as they travel to look for their God.
Jeremiah 50:5 People will look for the way to Zion and say, "Come, let's join with God in a lasting promise that we'll always remember."
Jeremiah 50:6 My people were like lost sheep. Their leaders led them the wrong way. They made them wander on the mountains, moving from hill to hill, and they forgot where to rest.
Jeremiah 50:7 Everyone who found them ate them up; and their enemies thought, 'We are not guilty, because they sinned against God, who is just and the hope of their ancestors.'
Jeremiah 50:8 Leave Babylon, depart from the land of the Chaldeans, and lead like male goats at the front of the herds.
Jeremiah 50:9 Look, I will bring a group of big nations from the north against Babylon. They will prepare to fight her, and then she will be captured. Their arrows will be like those of a strong skilled warrior; none will miss their target.
Jeremiah 50:10 Chaldea will be robbed, and everyone who robs it will be happy, says God.
Jeremiah 50:11 You were happy and celebrated, you who ruined what I care for, because you have become as fat as a young cow in the field and roar like bulls.
Jeremiah 50:12 Your mother will be very confused; the one who gave birth to you will feel ashamed: look, the least of the nations will become an empty wasteland, a dry place, and a desert.
Jeremiah 50:13 Because God is angry, no one will live there; it will be completely empty. Everyone who passes by Babylon will be shocked and scorn at all its disasters.
Jeremiah 50:14 Get ready to fight against Babylon on all sides: all you archers, shoot at her, don't hold back any arrows: because she has sinned against God.
Jeremiah 50:15 Call out against her from all sides: she has surrendered; her foundations are destroyed, her walls are torn down: because it is God's revenge: repay her; do to her as she has done to others.
Jeremiah 50:16 Remove the farmer from Babylon, and the reaper during harvest time: because of the scary sword, everyone will go back to their own people, and they will each run to their own country.
Jeremiah 50:17 Israel is like a sheep that has been scattered; lions have chased it away: first the king of Assyria ate it up, and now this king Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon has crushed its bones.
Jeremiah 50:18 So God, the God of Israel, says, "Look, I will punish the king of Babylon and his country just like I punished the king of Assyria."
Jeremiah 50:19 I will bring Israel back to their home, and they will eat from Carmel and Bashan, and they will be content on Mount Ephraim and Gilead.
Jeremiah 50:20 During that time, God says, people will look for Israel's wrongs but find none, and search for Judah's sins but they won't be found, because I will forgive those I spare.
Jeremiah 50:21 Attack the land of Merathaim and also the people of Pekod. Destroy them completely as I have told you, says God.
Jeremiah 50:22 The noise of war is in the country, with much destruction.
Jeremiah 50:23 How has the hammer of the whole world been split and shattered! How has Babylon turned into a wasteland among the countries!
Jeremiah 50:24 I set a trap for you, Babylon, and you were caught without knowing; you are found and captured because you fought against God.
Jeremiah 50:25 God has opened his storage of weapons and has taken out the tools of his anger. This is what God of all does in the land of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 50:26 Attack her from the farthest border, break into her storerooms, pile her up like mounds and completely destroy her; leave nothing remaining.
Jeremiah 50:27 Kill all her bulls; let them be led to the slaughter. Trouble is coming for them, because their day has arrived, the time for them to be punished.
Jeremiah 50:28 The message of those who run away and get out of Babylon, to announce in Zion that God is taking revenge, revenge for his temple.
Jeremiah 50:29 Gather the archers to attack Babylon: all who use bows, surround it and let no one escape. Pay back Babylon for what it has done; treat it just as it has treated others. It has acted arrogantly against God, the Holy One of Israel.
Jeremiah 50:30 So her young men will die in the streets, and all her soldiers will be killed on that day, says God.
Jeremiah 50:31 Look, I am against you, you very proud one, says God: for your day has arrived, the time I will deal with you.
Jeremiah 50:32 The proudest will trip and fall, and no one will help them up: I will start a fire in their cities, and it will consume everything around them.
Jeremiah 50:33 God says: The Israelites and the people of Judah were both oppressed. Their captors held them tightly and would not free them.
Jeremiah 50:34 Their Savior is powerful; God is his name: he will fully defend their case, to bring peace to the land, and trouble to the people of Babylon.
Jeremiah 50:35 God says a sword will strike the Chaldeans, the people of Babylon, its leaders, and its wise men.
Jeremiah 50:36 A sword is against the liars; they will act foolishly. A sword is against her strong men; they will be terrified.
Jeremiah 50:37 War will come to their horses and chariots, and to all the mixed peoples within the city; they will be weak like women: war will come to their riches, and they will be stolen.
Jeremiah 50:38 Her waters face a drought; they will dry up because this is the land of carved images, and they are crazy about their idols.
Jeremiah 50:39 So, the wild animals of the desert and the creatures of the islands will live there, and owls will make their home there. It will never be lived in again, and no one will stay there from one generation to the next.
Jeremiah 50:40 God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah and the cities nearby, says God; so no one will live there, nor will anyone stay there.
Jeremiah 50:41 Look, a nation will come from the north, and a great country, and many rulers will rise from the ends of the earth.
Jeremiah 50:42 They will carry bows and spears; they are mean and won't show mercy. Their voices will sound like the ocean. They will ride horses, ready for battle against you, daughter of Babylon.
Jeremiah 50:43 The king of Babylon heard the news about them, and his hands became weak; distress gripped him, pain like that of a woman giving birth.
Jeremiah 50:44 Look, he will rise like a lion from the flooded Jordan to the home of the powerful: but I will make them quickly flee from it: and who is the chosen one I can set over it? For who is like me? And who will set a time for me? And what leader will face me?
Jeremiah 50:45 Listen to God's plan against Babylon, and his intentions for the Chaldeans' land: even the smallest sheep will lead them away, and their homes will be destroyed along with them.
Jeremiah 50:46 When Babylon is captured, the earth shakes and nations hear the outcry.

Jeremiah 51:1 God says, "Look, I will send a destructive wind against Babylon and those living there who turn against me."
Jeremiah 51:2 God will send to Babylon people who will scatter her, and will empty her land; for in the time of trouble, they will surround her completely.
Jeremiah 51:3 Let the archer aim at the one who shoots, and at the one who wears armor. Do not spare the young men; completely destroy every soldier.
Jeremiah 51:4 The killed will fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and those stabbed will lie in her streets.
Jeremiah 51:5 God has not abandoned Israel or Judah, even though their land was full of sin against the Holy One of Israel.
Jeremiah 51:6 Run away from Babylon, save yourselves; don't get destroyed by her sins. This is the time for God's revenge; he will pay her back.
Jeremiah 51:7 Babylon was like a gold cup in God's hand that made the whole world drunk. The countries drank her wine, so now they are crazy.
Jeremiah 51:8 Babylon has quickly fallen and is destroyed: cry for her; bring medicine for her pain, maybe she can be healed.
Jeremiah 51:9 We wanted to heal Babylon, but it cannot be healed. Leave it, and let's all go back to our own countries. Its punishment is great, reaching up to the sky.
Jeremiah 51:10 God has shown us to be right: come, and let us tell in Zion what God has done.
Jeremiah 51:11 Sharpen the arrows; collect the shields: God has stirred up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for His plan is to destroy Babylon; it is God's revenge, the revenge for His temple.
Jeremiah 51:12 Raise the flag on Babylon's walls, strengthen the guard, place the lookouts, and get the traps ready: for God has planned and carried out what he said against the people of Babylon.
Jeremiah 51:13 You who live by many waters, rich in treasures, your time has ended, and so has your greed.
Jeremiah 51:14 God has sworn, saying, "I will surely fill you with people, like swarms of caterpillars, and they will raise a loud cheer against you."
Jeremiah 51:15 God made the earth with His power, set up the world with His wisdom, and spread out the sky with His knowledge.
Jeremiah 51:16 When God speaks, many waters form in the sky; He makes steam rise from the earth's edges, creates lightning with rain, and releases the wind from His storehouses.
Jeremiah 51:17 Everyone acts foolish with their own knowledge; every craftsman is ashamed of their idols. The metal idols they make are lies, and there's no life in them.
Jeremiah 51:18 They are worthless, made by mistake; when they are judged, they will be destroyed.
Jeremiah 51:19 Jacob's share is not like others; for he made everything: and Israel is the tribe he chose to inherit: God of all is his name.
Jeremiah 51:20 You are my battle axe and instruments of war: with you I will smash nations, and with you I will ruin kingdoms.
Jeremiah 51:21 I will break the horse and its rider with you; I will break the chariot and its rider with you.
Jeremiah 51:22 I will also smash men and women with you; I will break old and young with you; and I will smash young men and girls with you.
Jeremiah 51:23 I will also crush the shepherd and his sheep with you; with you, I will crush the farmer and his oxen; and with you, I will crush leaders and rulers.
Jeremiah 51:24 I will pay back Babylon and everyone in Chaldea for all the bad things they did in Zion, as you saw, says God.
Jeremiah 51:25 Look, I am against you, you destructive mountain, says God, who ruins the whole earth. I will reach out my hand against you, push you off the cliffs, and turn you into a burned mountain.
Jeremiah 51:26 No one will use any of your stones for corners or bases; you will be empty forever, says God.
Jeremiah 51:27 Put up a sign in the country, sound the horn among the nations, get the nations ready to fight against her, gather the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz against her; choose a leader to face her; make the horses come like hairy locusts.
Jeremiah 51:28 Get the nations ready to fight against her, with the kings of Media, their captains, all their leaders, and all the countries they control.
Jeremiah 51:29 The land will shake and be full of sadness because God's plans will happen to Babylon, making it empty and without people.
Jeremiah 51:30 The strong men of Babylon stopped fighting, stayed in their forts, lost their strength, acted like women, set her homes on fire, and her gates are broken.
Jeremiah 51:31 A messenger will run to meet another, and one will meet another, to tell the king of Babylon that part of his city has been captured.
Jeremiah 51:32 The paths are blocked, the tall grass is burned, and the soldiers are scared.
Jeremiah 51:33 For this is what God of all, the God of Israel, says: The city of Babylon is like a place where grain is crushed. It is time to crush her; soon her time for harvest will come.
Jeremiah 51:34 The king of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar, has destroyed me; he has beaten me down; he has left me empty; he has swallowed me like a monster; he has stuffed himself with my treasures; he has thrown me away.
Jeremiah 51:35 Let the people of Zion say that the harm done to me and my body will come back on Babylon, and let Jerusalem say that my blood will be on the people of Chaldea.
Jeremiah 51:36 So this is what God says: "Look, I will fight for you and get revenge for you. I will dry up her sea and make her springs dry."
Jeremiah 51:37 Babylon will turn into ruins, a home for wild creatures, a place of amazement, and be deserted.
Jeremiah 51:38 They will roar together like lions; they will cry out like young lions.
Jeremiah 51:39 In their excitement, I will give them parties, make them drunk so they can be happy, sleep forever, and never wake up, says God.
Jeremiah 51:40 I will make them go down like lambs to be killed, like rams and male goats.
Jeremiah 51:41 Sheshach is captured! The whole earth's praise is seized! How has Babylon become a shocking sight to nations!
Jeremiah 51:42 The sea has risen over Babylon; she is overwhelmed by its many waves.
Jeremiah 51:43 Her cities are deserted, a dry and empty land, a place where no one lives and no one travels through.
Jeremiah 51:44 I will punish the god Bel in Babylon, and I will make him give back what he took. Then, nations will no longer worship him, and Babylon's wall will collapse.
Jeremiah 51:45 My people, leave from inside her and save yourselves from God's fierce anger.
Jeremiah 51:46 So your heart doesn't lose courage, and you don't fear the news that will spread in the country; news will come one year, and then the next year more news, along with violence in the country, leader fighting against leader.
Jeremiah 51:47 So, look, days are coming when I will judge Babylon's idols; her entire land will be in panic, and all her killed will fall within her.
Jeremiah 51:48 The sky and the earth, and everything in them, will sing for Babylon; because destroyers will come to her from the north, says God.
Jeremiah 51:49 Just as Babylon made many in Israel die, so at Babylon many from all over the world will die.
Jeremiah 51:50 You who have escaped the sword, go, don't stop; remember God from far away, and think of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 51:51 We are ashamed because we have faced insults; our faces are covered with shame because outsiders have entered God's holy places.
Jeremiah 51:52 So, look, the time is coming, says God, when I will judge her idols, and throughout her land the injured will moan.
Jeremiah 51:53 Even if Babylon goes up to the sky and strengthens her high places, destroyers will still come to her from me, says God.
Jeremiah 51:54 A cry of distress comes from Babylon, and much ruin from the land of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 51:55 Because God has ruined Babylon and silenced her loud voice; when her waves roar like big waters, the sound of their roar is heard.
Jeremiah 51:56 Because the destroyer has come upon her, upon Babylon, and her strong men are captured, every one of their bows is broken: for God will surely repay.
Jeremiah 51:57 I will make her leaders, wise people, commanders, officials, and strong men drunk; they will sleep forever and never wake up, says the King named God of all.
Jeremiah 51:58 God says; Babylon's wide walls will be completely destroyed, and her tall gates will burn; the people will work for nothing, and tire themselves out.
Jeremiah 51:59 The message that Jeremiah the prophet gave to Seraiah, Neriah's son and Maaseiah's grandson, was when he went to Babylon with King Zedekiah of Judah in Zedekiah's fourth year as king. Seraiah was a peaceful leader.
Jeremiah 51:60 Jeremiah wrote in a book all the bad things that would happen to Babylon, all these words written against it.
Jeremiah 51:61 Jeremiah said to Seraiah, "When you go to Babylon and see and read all these words;
Jeremiah 51:62 Then you will say, O God, you have declared that this place will be completely destroyed, so that no one will live here, not people or animals, and it will be empty forever.
Jeremiah 51:63 When you finish reading this book, tie a stone to it and throw it into the middle of the Euphrates River.
Jeremiah 51:64 You will say, "Babylon will fall and not rise again because of the disaster I will cause: and people will be tired." These are Jeremiah's words.

Jeremiah 52:1 Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became king, and he ruled for 11 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Hamutal, and she was the daughter of Jeremiah from Libnah.
Jeremiah 52:2 He did bad things in God's view, just like Jehoiakim did.
Jeremiah 52:3 Because of God's anger, this happened in Jerusalem and Judah until he threw them out of his presence, and Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:4 In the ninth year of his rule, on the tenth day of the tenth month, King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon and his whole army came to Jerusalem, surrounded it, camped against it, and built siege works all around it.
Jeremiah 52:5 The city was under siege until the eleventh year of King Zedekiah.
Jeremiah 52:6 In the fourth month, on the ninth day, the hunger in the city was very bad, and there was no bread for the people.
Jeremiah 52:7 Then the city was breached, and all the soldiers ran away. They left the city at night through a gate between two walls near the king's garden. The Chaldeans surrounded the city, and the soldiers escaped across the plain.
Jeremiah 52:8 The Chaldean army chased the king and caught Zedekiah in the fields of Jericho; his whole army was separated from him.
Jeremiah 52:9 Then they captured the king and brought him to the king of Babylon at Riblah in the Hamath region, where he passed sentence on him.
Jeremiah 52:10 The king of Babylon killed Zedekiah's sons in front of him; he also killed all the leaders of Judah in Riblah.
Jeremiah 52:11 He blinded Zedekiah, and the king of Babylon tied him up, took him to Babylon, and put him in jail until he died.
Jeremiah 52:12 In the fifth month, on the tenth day, in the nineteenth year of King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard serving the king of Babylon, came to Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 52:13 He burned God's house, the king's house, and all Jerusalem's houses, including the great men's houses, with fire.
Jeremiah 52:14 The entire army of the Chaldeans with the captain broke down all the walls around Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 52:15 Then Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, took some poor people as prisoners, and the rest of the people left in the city, along with those who had joined the king of Babylon, and the remaining crowd.
Jeremiah 52:16 Nebuzaradan, the guard captain, let some poor people stay to work as vineyard keepers and farmers.
Jeremiah 52:17 The Chaldeans broke the brass pillars, bases, and the large brass basin in the house of God, and took all the brass to Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:18 They also took away the pots, shovels, wick trimmers, dishes, spoons, and all the bronze tools used in service.
Jeremiah 52:19 The officer in charge took away the bowls, the pans, the jars, the pots, the lampstands, the ladles, and the goblets. He took the gold items as gold and the silver items as silver.
Jeremiah 52:20 Two pillars, one large basin, and twelve bronze bulls under the stands, which King Solomon made for God's house: all this bronze was too heavy to weigh.
Jeremiah 52:21 About the pillars, one pillar was 18 feet tall; a band twelve cubits long wrapped around it; and it was as thick as four fingers and hollow inside.
Jeremiah 52:22 A brass capital was on it; the capital was five cubits high, with a net design and brass pomegranates all around. The second pillar and its pomegranates were the same.
Jeremiah 52:23 There were ninety-six pomegranates on one side; in total, there were one hundred pomegranates all around the netting.
Jeremiah 52:24 The guard leader took Seraiah the head priest, Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers.
Jeremiah 52:25 He also took from the city a eunuch who was in charge of the soldiers, and seven men who were close to the king, found in the city; the army's chief secretary who counted the country's people; and sixty men from the land's people, found in the heart of the city.
Jeremiah 52:26 Nebuzaradan, the captain of the guard, captured them and took them to the king of Babylon at Riblah.
Jeremiah 52:27 The king of Babylon struck them down and killed them at Riblah in the Hamath region. So Judah was taken as prisoners from their land.
Jeremiah 52:28 These are the people Nebuchadnezzar took as captives: in the seventh year, three thousand and twenty-three Jews.
Jeremiah 52:29 In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadnezzar, he took 832 people as prisoners from Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 52:30 In the twenty-third year of Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took 745 Jewish people as prisoners; the total taken was 4,600 people.
Jeremiah 52:31 In the thirty-seventh year of Jehoiachin king of Judah's captivity, on the twenty-fifth day of the twelfth month, Evilmerodach king of Babylon, in his first year as king, freed Jehoiachin king of Judah from prison.
Jeremiah 52:32 He spoke nicely to him and placed his throne higher than the thrones of the kings who were with him in Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:33 He changed his prison clothes and always ate bread in his presence for the rest of his life.
Jeremiah 52:34 The king of Babylon provided him with daily food until he died, every day for the rest of his life.

Lamentations 1:1 How lonely sits the city that was once full of people! How has she become like a widow! She who was important among the nations, and a ruler among the regions, how has she become a servant!
Lamentations 1:2 She cries hard at night, and her tears are on her face. None of her loved ones comfort her; all her friends have betrayed her and turned into her enemies.
Lamentations 1:3 Judah has been taken captive due to suffering and harsh labor. She lives among foreign people and finds no peace. All who chase her have caught her in difficult places.
Lamentations 1:4 Zion's paths are sad because no one comes to the feasts; her gates are empty, her priests are sad, her young women are troubled, and she feels bitter.
Lamentations 1:5 Her enemies are now in control; they are successful because God has punished her for her many sins: her children have been taken away as prisoners by the enemy.
Lamentations 1:6 Zion's daughter has lost all her beauty; her leaders are like deer that find no grass, fleeing weakly from the hunter.
Lamentations 1:7 Jerusalem thought back to the time of her trouble and suffering and all the good things she once had, when her people were defeated by the enemy and no one helped her. Her enemies saw her and laughed at her sacred days.
Lamentations 1:8 Jerusalem has sinned a lot; so she is cast aside. All who respected her now look down on her because they have seen her shame. Yes, she sighs and turns away.
Lamentations 1:9 Her dirtiness clings to her clothes; she forgets what will happen to her in the end, so she falls from her position in a surprising way: she has no one to comfort her. Oh God, see how much I am suffering because the enemy has become very proud.
Lamentations 1:10 The enemy reached out to take all her nice things; she saw that foreigners came into her holy place, the ones you said should not join your people.
Lamentations 1:11 Her people groan, looking for food; they trade their treasures for food to keep alive. Look, God, and see how wretched I've become.
Lamentations 1:12 Doesn't it matter to you, everyone who passes by? Look and see if there is any pain like my pain, which I'm suffering, that God has caused me on the day of his intense anger.
Lamentations 1:13 God sent fire into my bones from above, which overpowered them. He set a trap for my feet, turned me around, and left me empty and weak all day long.
Lamentations 1:14 God holds the heavy burden of my wrongs; it is wrapped around my neck, weighing me down. He has weakened me, and I am handed over to those I cannot escape from.
Lamentations 1:15 God has trampled all my warriors inside my walls; he summoned a group to attack my young men; God has crushed the young woman of Judah like grapes in a winepress.
Lamentations 1:16 I cry over these things; my eyes shed many tears because the one who could calm me is far away: my children are helpless because the foe has won.
Lamentations 1:17 Zion reaches out her hands, but no one comforts her. God has ordered that enemies surround Jacob. Jerusalem is like an unclean woman to them.
Lamentations 1:18 God is good; I did not obey His rules: please listen, everyone, and see how sad I am: my young women and men have been taken away as prisoners.
Lamentations 1:19 I called my lovers, but they tricked me; my priests and elders died in the city when they looked for food to refresh themselves.
Lamentations 1:20 Look, God, I am in trouble; my stomach is in pain, my heart is upset inside me, because I have seriously disobeyed. Outside, violence takes away lives, inside it's like death.
Lamentations 1:21 People know I am sad and no one comforts me. My enemies know about my problems and are happy you did this. But you have set a day, and they will end up like me.
Lamentations 1:22 Let all their evil acts be seen by you, God; treat them as you have treated me for all my wrongs, because I sigh a lot and my heart is weak.

Lamentations 2:1 Why has God covered Zion's people with darkness in his anger? He has thrown down Israel's beauty from the sky to the ground and forgotten his footstool in his anger.
Lamentations 2:2 God has destroyed all of Jacob's homes, without mercy. He has torn down Judah's defenses in anger. He has brought them to the ground and dishonored the kingdom and its rulers.
Lamentations 2:3 God has cut off all of Israel's strength in his fierce anger; he has pulled back his support facing the enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a fire that consumes everything around it.
Lamentations 2:4 He has aimed his bow like an enemy; he stood ready with his right hand like an opponent, and killed everything beautiful in Zion's place of worship; he unleashed his anger like fire.
Lamentations 2:5 God was like an enemy: He swallowed up Israel, destroyed all its palaces, ruined its strongholds, and made the people of Judah mourn and cry.
Lamentations 2:6 He has forcefully taken away his shelter, as if from a garden; he has ruined the meeting places: God made the special feasts and rest days be forgotten in Zion, and has shown anger towards the king and the priest.
Lamentations 2:7 God has rejected his altar, hated his holy place, let enemies take over the palace walls; they are loud in God's house, like during a big celebration.
Lamentations 2:8 God decided to tear down Zion's wall: He marked it for destruction and didn't stop. So, the defenses and wall mourn; they fall apart together.
Lamentations 2:9 Her gates have fallen into the ground; he has destroyed and broken her bars: her king and leaders are among the nations: there is no law anymore; her prophets also receive no visions from God.
Lamentations 2:10 The leaders of Zion's people sit quietly on the ground. They have thrown dust on their heads and wear rough cloth. The young women of Jerusalem look down sadly.
Lamentations 2:11 I cry until I can cry no more, I am deeply upset, and I feel broken inside because my people are destroyed; even the children and babies are fainting in the city streets.
Lamentations 2:12 They ask their mothers, "Where is food and drink?" when they faint like those hurt in the city streets, when their life spills into their mothers' laps.
Lamentations 2:13 What can I use to testify for you? What can I compare you to, O daughter of Jerusalem? What can I make equal to you to comfort you, O virgin daughter of Zion? Your wound is as big as the sea; who can heal you?
Lamentations 2:14 Your prophets have seen useless and foolish visions for you; they have not revealed your sins to free you from captivity; instead, they have presented you with false troubles and reasons for exile.
Lamentations 2:15 Everyone who goes by claps at you; they hiss and shake their heads at the city of Jerusalem, asking, "Is this the city people say is so beautiful, the joy of the whole world?"
Lamentations 2:16 All your enemies have spoken against you: they hiss and grind their teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: surely this is the day we waited for; we have found it, we have seen it.
Lamentations 2:17 God did what he planned; he completed his word from long ago: he destroyed without mercy; he let your enemies celebrate over you, he gave strength to your rivals.
Lamentations 2:18 Their heart called out to God, O wall of Zion's people, let tears flow like a river day and night: do not stop; do not let your eyes stop crying.
Lamentations 2:19 Get up, yell out at night: at the start of the guard shifts, pour out your feelings like water before God: raise your hands to him for the lives of your young children, who are weak from hunger on every street corner.
Lamentations 2:20 Look, God, and see who you have done this to. Will women eat their own children, those a hand's breadth long? Will the priest and prophet be killed in God's holy place?
Lamentations 2:21 Both young and old are lying on the streets; my young women and men have been killed by the sword. You have killed them in your anger; you showed no mercy.
Lamentations 2:22 You called my fears around me like on a special day, so that when God was angry, no one escaped or was left: my enemy destroyed those I cared for and raised.

Lamentations 3:1 I am the man who has seen suffering because of his anger.
Lamentations 3:2 He has guided me and taken me to a place of darkness, not light.
Lamentations 3:3 Certainly, he has turned against me; he keeps acting against me all day long.
Lamentations 3:4 He made my skin and flesh old; he broke my bones.
Lamentations 3:5 He has built against me and surrounded me with bitterness and hardship.
Lamentations 3:6 He has put me in dark places, like those long dead.
Lamentations 3:7 God has surrounded me so I can't escape; He has made my chains heavy.
Lamentations 3:8 When I cry and yell, God ignores my prayer.
Lamentations 3:9 He has blocked my paths with cut stone; he has made my ways twisted.
Lamentations 3:10 He was to me like a bear waiting to attack, and like a lion hiding.
Lamentations 3:11 He has changed my path and torn me apart; he has left me lonely.
Lamentations 3:12 He has aimed his bow, and made me the target for his arrow.
Lamentations 3:13 He made the arrows from his bag hit my body.
Lamentations 3:14 I was mocked by all my people; they sang about me all day long.
Lamentations 3:15 God has filled me with bitterness; he has made me very bitter.
Lamentations 3:16 He has also broken my teeth with gravel stones; he has covered me with ashes.
Lamentations 3:17 You took my peace far away; I forgot what good fortune is.
Lamentations 3:18 I said, "My strength and my hope are gone because of God."
Lamentations 3:19 I remember my suffering and my sadness, the bitterness and the poison.
Lamentations 3:20 I still remember them deep in my heart, and I am humbled.
Lamentations 3:21 I remember this and so I have hope.
Lamentations 3:22 It is because of God's kindness that we are not destroyed, for His compassion never ends.
Lamentations 3:23 Every morning they are new; your faithfulness is great.
Lamentations 3:24 God is all I need, says my soul; so I will put my hope in Him.
Lamentations 3:25 God is good to those who wait for Him, to the person who looks for Him.
Lamentations 3:26 It is good for a person to have hope and to wait quietly for God to save.
Lamentations 3:27 It is good for a person to deal with hard times when young.
Lamentations 3:28 He sits alone and stays quiet because he has taken it upon himself.
Lamentations 3:29 He puts his mouth to the ground; perhaps there is hope.
Lamentations 3:30 He offers his face to the one who hits him; he is overwhelmed with insults.
Lamentations 3:31 God will not reject forever.
Lamentations 3:32 Even though God may bring sadness, He will show mercy because of His great kindness.
Lamentations 3:33 God does not cause pain or sadness to people without reason.
Lamentations 3:34 To step on all the captives of the earth.
Lamentations 3:35 To deny a person justice in the presence of God,
Lamentations 3:36 God does not approve of ruining a person's case.
Lamentations 3:37 Who is the one who can make something happen if God has not commanded it?
Lamentations 3:38 Doesn't both good and bad come from the mouth of God?
Lamentations 3:39 Why should a living person complain, a person for being punished for their sins?
Lamentations 3:40 Let's examine our ways, and turn back to God.
Lamentations 3:41 Let's raise our hearts and hands to God in heaven.
Lamentations 3:42 We have done wrong and rebelled; you have not forgiven us.
Lamentations 3:43 You have been angry with us, chased us, killed us without mercy.
Lamentations 3:44 You have surrounded yourself with a cloud, so our prayers cannot get through.
Lamentations 3:45 You have made us like trash and garbage among the people.
Lamentations 3:46 All our enemies have spoken against us.
Lamentations 3:47 Fear and a trap have come upon us, along with ruin and destruction.
Lamentations 3:48 My eyes flow with tears for the ruin of my people.
Lamentations 3:49 My eye cries non-stop without any break.
Lamentations 3:50 Until God looks down from heaven and sees.
Lamentations 3:51 My eyes hurt my heart because of what happens to the girls of my city.
Lamentations 3:52 My enemies chased me hard, like a bird, for no reason.
Lamentations 3:53 They have ended my life in the prison, and thrown a stone at me.
Lamentations 3:54 Water poured over my head; then I thought, I am finished.
Lamentations 3:55 I called your name, God, from the deep pit.
Lamentations 3:56 You have heard my voice; do not ignore me when I sigh and cry out.
Lamentations 3:57 You came close when I called you; you said, Don't be afraid.
Lamentations 3:58 God, you have fought for my soul; you have saved my life.
Lamentations 3:59 God, you have seen the wrong done to me: judge my case.
Lamentations 3:60 You have seen all their revenge and all their plans against me.
Lamentations 3:61 You have heard their insults, God, and all their plans against me.
Lamentations 3:62 The words of those against me and their plans all day long.
Lamentations 3:63 I see them when they sit and when they stand; I am their music.
Lamentations 3:64 Give them what they deserve, God, based on what they have done.
Lamentations 3:65 Make their hearts sad, and put your curse on them.
Lamentations 3:66 Punish and wipe them out in anger from beneath the skies of God.

Lamentations 4:1 The gold has lost its shine! The purest gold is no longer bright! The sacred stones are scattered at the beginning of every street.
Lamentations 4:2 The valuable children of Zion, once worth as much as fine gold, are now treated like common clay pots made by a potter.
Lamentations 4:3 Sea creatures nurse their young, but my people have become heartless, like ostriches in the desert.
Lamentations 4:4 The baby's tongue sticks to the top of its mouth because it's so thirsty; the little children beg for bread, but nobody gives any to them.
Lamentations 4:5 People who ate fine foods are now alone in the streets; those who wore red clothes hug trash heaps.
Lamentations 4:6 The punishment for my people's wrongs is worse than what Sodom faced, which was destroyed suddenly without anyone helping.
Lamentations 4:7 Her holy people were cleaner than snow, they were brighter than milk, their bodies were redder than jewels, and they shone like sapphires.
Lamentations 4:8 Their faces are darker than black; they are unrecognizable in the streets: their skin sticks to their bones; it is dried up and has become like a stick.
Lamentations 4:9 People killed by the sword are better off than those who die of hunger, for the hungry waste away, suffering for lack of food from the fields.
Lamentations 4:10 Compassionate women have cooked their own children; they became their food during my people's ruin.
Lamentations 4:11 God has carried out his anger; he has unleashed his intense wrath and started a fire in Zion that has consumed its foundations.
Lamentations 4:12 Earth's rulers and everyone living in the world would not have believed that the foe and enemy could come into Jerusalem's gates.
Lamentations 4:13 Because her prophets sinned and her priests did wrong, spilling the blood of innocent people among her,
Lamentations 4:14 They wandered around like blind people in the streets; they made themselves dirty with blood, so no one could touch their clothes.
Lamentations 4:15 They called out to them, "Leave; you are unclean; go away, do not touch." As they ran and roamed, among the nations it was said, "They will not stay there anymore."
Lamentations 4:16 God's anger has scattered them; He will no longer look after them: they did not respect the priests, they did not honor the old people.
Lamentations 4:17 We keep looking for help that never comes, and we have waited for a country that cannot rescue us.
Lamentations 4:18 They chase us so we can't walk in our streets; our end is close, our days are over, for our end has arrived.
Lamentations 4:19 Our enemies chase us faster than eagles in the sky; they chased us on the mountains and set traps for us in the desert.
Lamentations 4:20 The one we breathed through, God's chosen one, was captured by them, and we thought we would live safely under his protection even among foreign nations.
Lamentations 4:21 Be happy and glad, you daughter of Edom, living in the land of Uz; the cup will also come to you: you will get drunk and undress.
Lamentations 4:22 Your punishment is finished, daughter of Zion; you won't be taken away anymore: but he will punish your sins, daughter of Edom; he will expose your wrongs.

Lamentations 5:1 Remember, God, what has happened to us; look, and see our disgrace.
Lamentations 5:2 Our property has gone to outsiders, our homes to foreigners.
Lamentations 5:3 We are like children without parents; our mothers are like women whose husbands have died.
Lamentations 5:4 We have to buy our own water to drink; we must pay for the wood we use.
Lamentations 5:5 We are persecuted and work hard without rest.
Lamentations 5:6 We have submitted to the Egyptians and Assyrians to have enough bread.
Lamentations 5:7 Our ancestors did wrong, they are gone; and we suffer for their sins.
Lamentations 5:8 Slaves have become our masters: no one saves us from their power.
Lamentations 5:9 We get our bread at the risk of our lives because of the danger in the desert.
Lamentations 5:10 Our skin turned very dark as if burned because of the terrible hunger.
Lamentations 5:11 They assaulted the women in Zion, and the young women in the towns of Judah.
Lamentations 5:12 Leaders are hung by their hands; the faces of the old are not respected.
Lamentations 5:13 They made the young men work at grinding grain, and the children stumbled under heavy loads of wood.
Lamentations 5:14 The older leaders no longer sit in the city gates, and the young men have stopped their music.
Lamentations 5:15 Our happiness has ended; our dancing has changed to sadness.
Lamentations 5:16 Our crown has fallen: sad for us, because we have done wrong!
Lamentations 5:17 Because of this, we are discouraged; for these things, our vision is blurred.
Lamentations 5:18 Because Mount Zion is empty, foxes walk on it.
Lamentations 5:19 You, God, last forever; your rule goes on from one generation to the next.
Lamentations 5:20 Why do you forget us forever and abandon us for such a long time?
Lamentations 5:21 Bring us back to you, God, and we will return; make our days like they used to be.
Lamentations 5:22 You have completely rejected us; you are very angry with us.

Ezekiel 1:1 In the thirtieth year, on the fifth day of the fourth month, while I was with the captives by the Chebar River, the sky opened, and I saw visions from God.
Ezekiel 1:2 On the fifth day of the month, during the fifth year of King Jehoiachin's capture,
Ezekiel 1:3 God's message came directly to Ezekiel the priest, Buzi's son, in the Chaldeans' land by the Chebar river; and God's power was with him.
Ezekiel 1:4 I looked and saw a storm coming from the north. It had a big cloud and fire swirling inside it. It was shining, and from the center, it glowed like amber in the fire.
Ezekiel 1:5 From within it came four living beings that looked like people.
Ezekiel 1:6 Each one had four faces, and each one had four wings.
Ezekiel 1:7 Their feet were straight, and the bottoms of their feet were like a calf's hoof; they shone like polished bronze.
Ezekiel 1:8 They had human hands under their wings on all four sides, and all four had faces and wings.
Ezekiel 1:9 Their wings touched each other; they did not turn as they moved; each one went straight ahead.
Ezekiel 1:10 Each of them had a human face, and each had a lion's face on the right side. Each also had an ox's face on the left side, and each of them had an eagle's face.
Ezekiel 1:11 Their faces looked like this: their wings stretched up; each had two wings touching another's, and two covered their bodies.
Ezekiel 1:12 They all went straight ahead; wherever the spirit wanted to go, they went, without turning as they moved.
Ezekiel 1:13 The living creatures looked like glowing, burning coals and bright lamps moving up and down among them; the fire was bright and lightning flashed from the fire.
Ezekiel 1:14 The living creatures moved quickly back and forth, like a flash of lightning.
Ezekiel 1:15 As I watched the living beings, I saw one wheel on the ground next to the living beings, with its four sides.
Ezekiel 1:16 The wheels looked and were made like shiny yellow-green stones, and all four were alike; each one seemed to be a wheel inside another wheel.
Ezekiel 1:17 When they moved, they went in four directions and did not turn as they moved.
Ezekiel 1:18 The rims of the wheels were tall and frightening, and they were covered with eyes all around the four of them.
Ezekiel 1:19 When the living creatures moved, the wheels moved with them; and when the living creatures rose from the ground, the wheels also rose.
Ezekiel 1:20 Wherever the spirit wanted to go, they went; that's where their spirit aimed to go, and the wheels rose along with them, because the spirit of the living being was in the wheels.
Ezekiel 1:21 When they moved, these moved; when they stopped, these stopped; and when they rose from the ground, the wheels rose too, because the spirit of the living being was in the wheels.
Ezekiel 1:22 The appearance of the sky above the living creatures' heads was like a frightening, clear crystal spread out over their heads.
Ezekiel 1:23 Under the sky, their wings were straight, facing each other. Each one had two wings covering one side of its body and two wings covering the other side.
Ezekiel 1:24 As they moved, I heard the sound of their wings, like the sound of mighty waters, like God's voice, a sound of talking, like the sound of an army: when they stopped, they lowered their wings.
Ezekiel 1:25 A voice came from above the sky when they stood still and lowered their wings.
Ezekiel 1:26 Above the sky above their heads was something that looked like a throne made from blue sapphire, and on that throne was a figure that looked like a man.
Ezekiel 1:27 I saw something that looked like amber, with fire inside and around it, from the middle up and from the middle down; it looked like fire and was bright all around.
Ezekiel 1:28 Like a rainbow in the clouds on a rainy day, so was the shining light around it. That was what the glory of God looked like. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and I heard someone speaking.

Ezekiel 2:1 He said to me, "Human, stand on your feet, and I will talk to you."
Ezekiel 2:2 The spirit came into me as he spoke to me and put me on my feet, so I could hear the one who was speaking to me.
Ezekiel 2:3 He told me, "Human, I am sending you to the people of Israel. They are a nation that has rebelled against me. Both they and their ancestors have sinned against me up to this very day.
Ezekiel 2:4 They are bold and stubborn children. I am sending you to them; you will tell them, 'This is what God says.'
Ezekiel 2:5 Whether they listen or not (because they are stubborn), they will realize that a prophet has been with them.
Ezekiel 2:6 You, human, don't be scared of them or their words, even if you're with thorns and live among scorpions. Don't fear what they say or get upset by their looks, even if they are defiant.
Ezekiel 2:7 You must tell them my words, whether they listen or not, because they are very rebellious.
Ezekiel 2:8 But you, human, listen to what I tell you; don't be rebellious like those rebels: open your mouth and eat what I give you.
Ezekiel 2:9 When I looked, I saw a hand reaching out to me with a scroll in it.
Ezekiel 2:10 He showed it to me; it had writing on the front and back, and it said there were sadness, crying, and terrible pain.

Ezekiel 3:1 He also told me, "Human, eat what you find; eat this scroll, and then go and talk to the people of Israel."
Ezekiel 3:2 I opened my mouth, and he made me eat the scroll.
Ezekiel 3:3 He said to me, "Human, eat what you find; eat this scroll, and go speak to the house of Israel." So I opened my mouth, and he gave me the scroll to eat. And he said to me, "Son of man, feed your belly and fill your stomach with this scroll that I give you." So I ate, and it was in my mouth like honey in sweetness.
Ezekiel 3:4 He told me, "Human, go to the people of Israel and talk to them with my words."
Ezekiel 3:5 You are not sent to people with a strange language, but to the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 3:6 Not to people with unfamiliar speech and difficult language that you cannot understand. If I had sent you to them, they would have listened to you.
Ezekiel 3:7 But the people of Israel will not listen to you because they don't listen to me; all the people of Israel are stubborn and hard-hearted.
Ezekiel 3:8 Look, I have made your face tough against their faces, and your forehead tough against their foreheads.
Ezekiel 3:9 I have made your forehead as hard as the hardest rock: do not fear them or be frightened by their faces, even if they are a stubborn people.
Ezekiel 3:10 He also told me, "Human, take all my words that I will tell you into your heart, and listen with your ears."
Ezekiel 3:11 Go to the captives, to your people's children, talk to them and say, 'This is what God says,' whether they listen or not.
Ezekiel 3:12 Then the spirit lifted me up, and I heard a loud sound behind me. It said, "Praise the glory of God from where He is."
Ezekiel 3:13 I also heard the sound of the living creatures' wings touching each other, the sound of the wheels beside them, and the sound of a loud rush.
Ezekiel 3:14 The Spirit lifted me up and took me away. I felt bitter and angry inside, but God's hand was powerfully on me.
Ezekiel 3:15 I went to the captives at Telabib, who lived by the Chebar River, and I sat with them. I stayed there, shocked, for seven days.
Ezekiel 3:16 After seven days, God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 3:17 Human, I have appointed you as a lookout for the people of Israel: so listen to what I say and warn them for me.
Ezekiel 3:18 When I tell a bad person they will die and you don't warn them or tell them to stop their bad ways to save their life, that person will die for their wrongs, but I will hold you responsible for their death.
Ezekiel 3:19 But if you warn the bad person, and they do not stop being bad or change their bad ways, they will die because of their sins; but you have saved yourself.
Ezekiel 3:20 When a good person stops doing right and does wrong, and if I make him fall, he will die. Because you did not warn him, he will die for his sin, and his good deeds will be forgotten; but I will hold you responsible for his death.
Ezekiel 3:21 If you warn a good person not to sin, and they don't sin, they will surely live because they listened to the warning, and you have saved yourself too.
Ezekiel 3:22 God's hand was on me, and he said, "Get up, go out to the flat land, and I will speak with you there."
Ezekiel 3:23 I got up and went out to the flat land. I saw God's glory there, just like the glory I saw by the Chebar River, and I fell down with my face to the ground.
Ezekiel 3:24 Then the spirit came into me, stood me on my feet, and talked to me, and said, "Go, lock yourself inside your house."
Ezekiel 3:25 But you, human, see, they will tie you up with ropes, and you will be bound by them, and you will not be able to move around among them.
Ezekiel 3:26 I will make your tongue stick to the roof of your mouth so you can't talk or correct them, because they are a disobedient people.
Ezekiel 3:27 But when I talk to you, I will open your mouth, and you will tell them, 'This is what God says: Whoever wants to listen, let them listen; and whoever doesn't, let them not listen.' They are stubborn people.

Ezekiel 4:1 You too, human, get a clay tablet, put it in front of you, and draw on it the city of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 4:2 Surround it with a siege, make a wall against it, pile up dirt against it; put a camp around it, and place battering rams against it all around.
Ezekiel 4:3 Also, get an iron pan and place it as an iron wall between you and the city. Face it and it will be under siege, and you will be the attacker. This will be a sign for the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 4:4 Lie on your left side and take on Israel's sins. For as many days as you lie there, you'll carry their sins.
Ezekiel 4:5 I have put on you the years of their wrongs, equal to the number of days, three hundred and ninety days: so you will carry the wrongs of the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 4:6 After you finish those days, lie on your right side again, and you will carry the sin of Judah's people for 40 days; I have set each day equal to one year.
Ezekiel 4:7 So you will look towards Jerusalem under attack, show your arm, and speak against it.
Ezekiel 4:8 Look, I will tie you up so you cannot turn from one side to the other until you have finished the time of your siege.
Ezekiel 4:9 Gather some wheat, barley, beans, lentils, millet, and spelt. Put them in a container and use them to make bread for yourself. Eat it for the 390 days you lie on your side.
Ezekiel 4:10 The food you will eat must be weighed—twenty shekels each day. Eat it at regular times.
Ezekiel 4:11 You will also drink a measured amount of water, one-sixth of a hin; you will drink it at set times.
Ezekiel 4:12 You will eat it like barley bread and cook it over human waste where they can see you.
Ezekiel 4:13 God said, "The people of Israel will eat unclean bread among the foreign nations where I will send them."
Ezekiel 4:14 I said, "Oh God! Look, I have kept my soul clean. Since I was young until now, I have never eaten anything that died by itself or was torn apart, nor have I ever put disgusting meat in my mouth."
Ezekiel 4:15 He told me, "Look, I have given you cow poop instead of human poop, and you will use it to cook your bread."
Ezekiel 4:16 He also told me, "Human, look, I will make food scarce in Jerusalem: they will ration bread and eat it anxiously; they will measure water and drink it in shock."
Ezekiel 4:17 They will need bread and water, be shocked at each other, and waste away because of their wrongdoing.

Ezekiel 5:1 You, human, use a sharp knife, use a razor like a barber, and shave your head and beard: then use scales to weigh and separate the hair.
Ezekiel 5:2 You must burn a third of it in the city center when the siege ends. Take another third and hit it with a knife. Scatter the last third in the wind, and I will chase them with a sword.
Ezekiel 5:3 You should also take a few of them and tie them in the hem of your clothing.
Ezekiel 5:4 Then take some more, throw them into the fire, and burn them; from there a fire will spread to all the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 5:5 God says, "This is Jerusalem: I have placed it at the center of the nations and lands that surround it."
Ezekiel 5:6 She has made my rules more evil than the nations, and my laws more than the countries around her: they have rejected my rules and laws, they have not followed them.
Ezekiel 5:7 Therefore, God says: Because you have grown more than the countries around you and have not followed my rules, nor kept my decisions, nor acted according to the rules of the countries around you;
Ezekiel 5:8 So God says: "Look, I am against you. I will judge you where everyone can see."
Ezekiel 5:9 I will do to you what I have never done before, and will never do again, because of all your terrible actions.
Ezekiel 5:10 So parents will eat their children among you, and children will eat their parents. I will judge you, and those of you who survive, I will spread in every direction.
Ezekiel 5:11 So, as I live, says God; because you made my sanctuary unclean with all your hateful things and horrible acts, I will reduce you; I won't look away or feel sorry for you.
Ezekiel 5:12 One third of you will die from disease and hunger in your midst, another third will be killed by the sword surrounding you, and I will scatter the last third to every direction and chase them with a sword.
Ezekiel 5:13 My anger will be fulfilled, and I will place my fury on them until I am satisfied. Then they will realize that I, God, have said this because of my intense passion, once I have carried out my fury on them.
Ezekiel 5:14 I will make you empty and a disgrace among the nearby nations, for everyone passing by to see.
Ezekiel 5:15 It will be a shame and an insult, a lesson and a shock to the countries around you, when I judge you with anger, rage, and harsh warnings. I, God, have said this.
Ezekiel 5:16 When I send the bad arrows of hunger that will destroy you, which I'll send to ruin you, I'll make the famine worse and break your bread supply.
Ezekiel 5:17 I will bring hunger and wild animals to you, and they will take away your people. Disease and bloodshed will sweep through you, and I will attack you with war. I, God, have said this.

Ezekiel 6:1 God spoke to me and said,
Ezekiel 6:2 Human, look towards Israel's mountains and speak against them.
Ezekiel 6:3 Speak, mountains of Israel, listen to God's message. God says to the mountains, hills, rivers, and valleys; I will bring a sword against you and destroy your high places.
Ezekiel 6:4 Your altars will be empty, and your statues will be smashed; I will make your dead bodies fall in front of your idols.
Ezekiel 6:5 I will place the dead bodies of the Israelites in front of their idols, and I will spread your bones around your altars.
Ezekiel 6:6 In all the places you live, the cities will be ruined, and the worship sites will be empty; so your altars will be ruined and left empty, your statues will be smashed and stopped, and your symbols will be chopped down, and your creations will be destroyed.
Ezekiel 6:7 The dead will fall among you, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 6:8 I will still leave some of you alive, so you can escape the sword in other nations when you are spread out among the countries.
Ezekiel 6:9 Those who survive among you will remember me in the countries where they are prisoners because I am hurt by their unfaithful hearts that have turned away from me and by their eyes that desire their idols. They will hate themselves for all the wrongs they have done.
Ezekiel 6:10 They will understand that I am God, and that I did not threaten to bring this disaster on them for no reason.
Ezekiel 6:11 God says: Hit with your hand, stomp with your foot, and say, "Oh no, because of all the bad things Israel has done!" They will die by war, hunger, and disease.
Ezekiel 6:12 Someone far away will die from disease; someone close will be killed by the sword; and anyone left and trapped will die from hunger. This is how I will show my anger on them.
Ezekiel 6:13 Then you will know that I am God, when their killed men will be around their idols near their altars, on every high hill, on all mountain peaks, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, where they burned sweet smells for all their idols.
Ezekiel 6:14 I will reach out my hand against them, make their land empty and even more barren than the desert near Diblath, everywhere they live; and they will know that I am God.

Ezekiel 7:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 7:2 Also, you human, this is what God says to the land of Israel: An end has come to all parts of the land.
Ezekiel 7:3 The end has come for you, and I will send my anger on you. I will judge you by your actions and punish you for all your wrongdoings.
Ezekiel 7:4 I will not look away from you or feel sorry for you. I will make you face the results of your actions, and your horrible sins will surround you. Then you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 7:5 God says: An evil, just one evil, is coming.
Ezekiel 7:6 The end has come, the end is here: it waits for you; look, it has arrived.
Ezekiel 7:7 Morning has arrived for you who live in the land: the time has come, a day of trouble is close, and the mountains will not echo with noise again.
Ezekiel 7:8 I will soon pour out my anger on you, finish my anger on you, and I will judge you by your actions and repay you for all your wrongs.
Ezekiel 7:9 I will not show mercy or pity; I will repay you for your actions and the evil deeds among you; then you will know that I am God who strikes.
Ezekiel 7:10 See the day, see, it has come: the morning has started; power has grown, arrogance has appeared.
Ezekiel 7:11 Violence has grown into a tool of evil: none will survive, not the many, nor any individuals; there will be no mourning for them.
Ezekiel 7:12 The time has come, the day is near: buyers should not be happy, nor sellers sad, because anger will affect everyone.
Ezekiel 7:13 The seller won't get back what they sold, even while they're still alive. The prophecy is about everyone, and they won't come back. No one will survive because of their wrongdoing.
Ezekiel 7:14 They have sounded the trumpet to get everyone ready, but no one goes to battle because my anger is on all of them.
Ezekiel 7:15 Outside, there is war, and inside, there is disease and hunger. Whoever is in the fields will die by war, and whoever is in the city will be consumed by hunger and disease.
Ezekiel 7:16 Those who survive will escape and be on the mountains, like valley doves, all of them sad, each one for their own wrongs.
Ezekiel 7:17 Everyone's hands will be limp, and every knee will be as weak as water.
Ezekiel 7:18 They will also wear rough cloth, and terror will cover them; all faces will show shame, and every head will be shaved.
Ezekiel 7:19 They will throw their silver in the streets, and their gold will be taken away. Their silver and gold won't save them on the day of God's anger. They won't satisfy their needs or fill themselves with it, because it is the cause of their sins.
Ezekiel 7:20 About his beautiful jewelry, he wore it with greatness. But they put their disgusting idols and things there: so, I have taken it away from them.
Ezekiel 7:21 I will give it to strangers to take, and to the evil people of the world to steal; and they will make it dirty.
Ezekiel 7:22 I will also turn my face away from them, and they will make my secret place dirty; for invaders will go into it and spoil it.
Ezekiel 7:23 Make a chain, because the country is filled with violent acts, and the city is filled with violence.
Ezekiel 7:24 So I will send the worst foreigners, and they will take over their homes. I will end the pride of the powerful, and their sacred places will be made dirty.
Ezekiel 7:25 Destruction comes; and they will look for peace, but there will be none.
Ezekiel 7:26 Trouble will follow trouble, and rumor will come after rumor; then they will look for guidance from a prophet, but the priest will have lost the law, and the elders will have no advice to give.
Ezekiel 7:27 The king will be sad, the leader will be filled with emptiness, and the people's hands will shake with fear: I will treat them as they have acted, and I will judge them by what they deserve; and they will understand that I am God.

Ezekiel 8:1 In the sixth year, the sixth month, and on the fifth day, while I was sitting in my house and the leaders of Judah were sitting before me, the power of God came over me.
Ezekiel 8:2 I saw something that looked like fire below his waist, and from his waist up, he shone brightly, like amber.
Ezekiel 8:3 He reached out like a hand and grabbed my hair; the spirit lifted me up between the ground and sky, and in a vision from God, took me to Jerusalem, to the entrance of the inner north gate, where there was a place for the jealousy-causing idol.
Ezekiel 8:4 I saw the glory of Israel's God there, just like the vision I had in the open field.
Ezekiel 8:5 He told me, "Human, look up now to the north." So I looked up to the north, and I saw at the entrance of the altar's gate this idol that makes God jealous.
Ezekiel 8:6 He said to me again, "Human, do you see what they are doing? The terrible things the people of Israel are doing here, making me want to stay far from my holy place? But look again, and you will see even worse things."
Ezekiel 8:7 He took me to the entrance of the courtyard; when I looked, I saw a hole in the wall.
Ezekiel 8:8 Then he said to me, "Human, start digging in the wall." So I began to dig in the wall, and soon I found a door.
Ezekiel 8:9 He said to me, "Go in and see the terrible things they are doing here."
Ezekiel 8:10 So I went inside and saw; and look, all kinds of crawling creatures, horrible animals, and the idols of Israel, drawn on the walls all around.
Ezekiel 8:11 Seventy elders of Israel stood in front of them, with Jaazaniah son of Shaphan among them, each holding an incense burner, and a large cloud of incense rose up.
Ezekiel 8:12 He said to me, "Human, have you seen what Israel's elders do in secret, each in their own room of pictures? They say, 'God does not see us; God has left the earth.'"
Ezekiel 8:13 He also told me, "Turn again, and you will see even worse things they are doing."
Ezekiel 8:14 Then he led me to the entrance of God's temple gate facing north; and there, I saw women crying for Tammuz.
Ezekiel 8:15 He said to me, "Have you seen this, human? Look again, and you will see even worse things than these."
Ezekiel 8:16 He took me to the inner yard of God's house, and I saw at the temple door, between the entrance and the altar, about 25 men. They turned their backs to God's temple and faced east, worshiping the sun in the east.
Ezekiel 8:17 He asked me, "Have you seen this, human? Do the people of Judah think it's no big deal that they do such disgusting things here? They fill the land with violence and keep making me angry. Look, they are even insulting me right to my face."
Ezekiel 8:18 So I will act in anger. I won't look away or feel sorry. Even if they cry loudly in my ears, I still won't listen.

Ezekiel 9:1 He also shouted loudly in my ears, saying, "Tell those in charge of the city to come here, each with his weapon for destruction in hand."
Ezekiel 9:2 Look, six men came from the direction of the upper gate to the north, each with a weapon for killing in his hand; one of them was dressed in linen, with a writing kit at his side. They came in and stood by the bronze altar.
Ezekiel 9:3 God's bright presence, which had been over the cherubim, rose to the entrance of the temple. God then spoke to the man in linen clothes who had a writing kit at his side.
Ezekiel 9:4 God told him, "Walk through the center of the city, through the middle of Jerusalem, and put a mark on the foreheads of the people who are upset and cry about all the bad things happening there."
Ezekiel 9:5 He told the others as I could hear, "Follow him through the city and strike. Show no mercy and feel no pity."
Ezekiel 9:6 Kill all the old and young, girls, little children, and women, but do not hurt anyone with the mark; start at my holy place. Then they started with the elders in front of the house.
Ezekiel 9:7 He told them, "Make the temple unclean and fill the courtyards with the bodies of the dead. Go out." So they went out and killed people in the city.
Ezekiel 9:8 While they were being killed and I was spared, I fell facedown, cried out, and said, "Oh God! Will you wipe out the remaining people of Israel by pouring out your anger on Jerusalem?"
Ezekiel 9:9 He told me, "Israel and Judah's sin is very big, and the land is full of blood, and the city is full of wrongdoing: because they say, 'God has left the earth, and God does not see.'"
Ezekiel 9:10 I will not show mercy or feel sorry either; I will give them what they deserve, and they will feel the consequences of their actions.
Ezekiel 9:11 Look, the man in linen clothes with a writing kit at his side reported back, saying, "I have done what you told me to do."

Ezekiel 10:1 I looked, and saw above the cherubim there was something like a blue sapphire stone above them, looking like a throne.
Ezekiel 10:2 He said to the man in linen clothes, "Go between the wheels, under the cherub, take coals of fire from between the cherubs, and spread them over the city." He did this while I watched.
Ezekiel 10:3 The cherubim were on the right side of the house when the man entered, and a cloud filled the inner yard.
Ezekiel 10:4 Then God's glory rose up from the cherub and paused above the entrance of the temple; the temple became filled with the cloud, and the courtyard shone with the brightness of God's glory.
Ezekiel 10:5 The sound of the cherubim's wings could be heard all the way to the outer courtyard, like the voice of God when he speaks.
Ezekiel 10:6 When he gave the order to the man in linen clothes, "Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubim," he went in and stood next to the wheels.
Ezekiel 10:7 One angel reached out from between the angels to the fire that was between them, took some, and put it into the hands of the person dressed in linen; who then took it and left.
Ezekiel 10:8 In the cherubs, there was something that looked like a man's hand below their wings.
Ezekiel 10:9 When I looked, I saw four wheels next to the cherubim, one wheel by each cherub, and the wheels looked like the color of a beryl stone.
Ezekiel 10:10 As for how they looked, all four of them were alike, like a wheel inside another wheel.
Ezekiel 10:11 When they moved, they went on their four sides. They didn't turn when they moved, but followed the direction their head faced without turning as they went.
Ezekiel 10:12 Their whole body, backs, hands, wings, and the wheels were covered with eyes all around, even the wheels each of the four creatures had.
Ezekiel 10:13 The wheels were called 'wheel' as I heard.
Ezekiel 10:14 Each one had four faces: the first was a cherub's face, the second a man's face, the third a lion's face, and the fourth an eagle's face.
Ezekiel 10:15 The cherubim rose up. This is the living being I saw by the Chebar River.
Ezekiel 10:16 When the cherubim moved, the wheels moved with them. And when the cherubim rose up from the ground with their wings, the wheels stayed close beside them without turning away.
Ezekiel 10:17 When they stood still, these also stood still; and when they rose up, these also rose up, because the spirit of the living being was in them.
Ezekiel 10:18 God's glory left the entrance of the temple and hovered above the cherubim.
Ezekiel 10:19 The cherubim lifted their wings and rose from the ground before me: as they moved away, the wheels were next to them. Each one stopped at the entrance of the east gate of God's temple, and God's glory was above them.
Ezekiel 10:20 This is the creature I saw by the river Chebar under Israel's God, and I knew they were cherubim.
Ezekiel 10:21 Each had four faces and four wings, and under their wings were what looked like human hands.
Ezekiel 10:22 The way their faces looked was the same as those I saw by the Chebar river; they looked the same and moved straight ahead.

Ezekiel 11:1 The spirit picked me up and took me to the east entrance of God's house, facing east. There, at the entrance gate, I saw twenty-five men. Among them were Jaazaniah, Azur's son, and Pelatiah, Benaiah's son, who were leaders of the people.
Ezekiel 11:2 He said to me, "Human, these are the people who plan trouble and give evil advice in this city."
Ezekiel 11:3 They say, "It's not close; let's build houses: this city is the pot, and we are the meat."
Ezekiel 11:4 So tell them what will happen, speak out, human.
Ezekiel 11:5 God's Spirit came on me and He said, "Speak: This is what God says; you, the people of Israel, have said these things, and I know every thought that comes into your minds."
Ezekiel 11:6 You have increased the number of your dead in this city, and you have filled its streets with the dead.
Ezekiel 11:7 So God says: "The people you killed and left in the city are like meat, and the city is like a pot. But I will take you out of the city."
Ezekiel 11:8 You have been afraid of the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, says God.
Ezekiel 11:9 I will take you out of there, give you to foreigners, and carry out punishments on you.
Ezekiel 11:10 You will die by the sword; I will judge you at Israel's border; and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 11:11 This city won't be your cooking pot, nor will you be the meat inside it; instead, I will judge you at Israel's border.
Ezekiel 11:12 You will understand that I am God because you have not followed my laws or done what I said but have acted like the foreigners around you.
Ezekiel 11:13 When I was prophesying, Pelatiah, Benaiah's son, died. I fell face down, shouted loudly, and said, "Ah God! Are you going to completely destroy what's left of Israel?"
Ezekiel 11:14 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 11:15 Human, your relatives, your own family, and all the people of Israel are those to whom the people of Jerusalem have said, "Stay away from God: this land is ours to own."
Ezekiel 11:16 So say, God says this: Even though I sent them away among other nations, and I have spread them across different lands, I will still be like a small place of safety for them in the lands where they go.
Ezekiel 11:17 So say this: God says, "I will bring you together from the people, gather you from the countries where you were spread out, and I will give you the land of Israel."
Ezekiel 11:18 They will go there and remove all its disgusting things and all its horrors.
Ezekiel 11:19 I will give them one heart, and put a new spirit in you; I will remove the heart of stone from their body, and give them a heart of flesh.
Ezekiel 11:20 So they can follow my rules, obey my commands, and do them: and they will be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 11:21 But as for those who follow their wicked hearts and disgusting actions, I will make sure their actions come back on them, says God.
Ezekiel 11:22 Then the cherubim lifted their wings, and the wheels were beside them; and God's glory was above them.
Ezekiel 11:23 God's glory rose from the center of the city and rested on the mountain to the east of the city.
Ezekiel 11:24 Later, the spirit lifted me up. In a vision from God's spirit, I was taken to the land of the exiles in Chaldea. There, the vision I saw left me.
Ezekiel 11:25 Then I told the captives everything that God had shown me.

Ezekiel 12:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:2 Human, you live among people who refuse to obey, who have eyes but do not see and ears but do not hear, because they are defiant.
Ezekiel 12:3 So, you human, get your things ready for moving. Move during the day while they watch. You will go from one place to another while they watch. Maybe they will think about it, even though they are stubborn.
Ezekiel 12:4 Take your belongings out during the day while they watch, as if you're getting ready to move. Then leave in the evening while they watch, as if you're going into exile.
Ezekiel 12:5 Dig through the wall while they watch, and take stuff out that way.
Ezekiel 12:6 Carry it on your shoulders in front of them and take it out at dusk. Cover your face so you can't see the land, because I have made you a symbol for the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 12:7 I did as I was told. During the day, I took out my things like prisoners do, and at night, I made a hole in the wall with my hands. I took my things out at dusk and carried them on my shoulder while they watched.
Ezekiel 12:8 In the morning, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:9 Human, hasn't the house of Israel, the defiant house, asked you, "What are you doing?"
Ezekiel 12:10 Tell them, 'This is what God says: This message is about the leader in Jerusalem and all the people of Israel who are with him.'
Ezekiel 12:11 I am your sign: just as I did, it will happen to them: they will move and be taken as captives.
Ezekiel 12:12 The leader among them will carry their load on his shoulder at dusk and leave. They will break through the wall to get out. He will cover his face so he can't see the ground.
Ezekiel 12:13 I will also spread my net over him, and he will be caught in my trap. I will take him to Babylon in the land of the Chaldeans, but he will not see it, even though he will die there.
Ezekiel 12:14 I will scatter in all directions everyone who is with him to support him, along with all his troops; and I will chase them with a sword.
Ezekiel 12:15 People will understand that I am God when I spread them among different nations and scatter them across the countries.
Ezekiel 12:16 I will let some of them survive war, hunger, and disease, so they can tell all their sins to the foreign people where they go; then they will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 12:17 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 12:18 Human, eat your bread with shaking, and drink your water with trembling and anxiety.
Ezekiel 12:19 Tell the people of the country, "God says to the people of Jerusalem and Israel: They will eat their bread with worry and drink their water in shock, so their country will be empty of everything, because of the violence of everyone living there."
Ezekiel 12:20 The cities where people live will be destroyed, the land will become empty, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 12:21 God spoke to me and said,
Ezekiel 12:22 Human, what is the saying you have in Israel: "Time goes on, and every promise fails"?
Ezekiel 12:23 So tell them, 'This is what God says: I will end this saying, and it will no longer be quoted in Israel. Tell them instead: The time is near when every vision will come true.'
Ezekiel 12:24 There will be no more false visions or flattering predictions in Israel.
Ezekiel 12:25 I am God: I will speak, and what I say will happen; it won't be delayed anymore. In your time, O defiant people, I'll say my word and make it happen, says God.
Ezekiel 12:26 God spoke to me again, saying.
Ezekiel 12:27 Human, look, the people of Israel say, "The vision he sees is for the distant future, and he talks about times that are far away."
Ezekiel 12:28 Tell them this: God says, "My words will not be delayed anymore, but what I have said will happen."

Ezekiel 13:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 13:2 Human, speak against the false prophets of Israel. Tell those who predict from their own thoughts, listen to God's message.
Ezekiel 13:3 God says, "Bad things will come to the silly prophets who follow their own thoughts and have seen nothing!"
Ezekiel 13:4 Israel, your prophets are like foxes in the wastelands.
Ezekiel 13:5 You did not go into the breaks or fix the wall for Israel to hold strong in battle on God's day.
Ezekiel 13:6 They have seen lies and false visions, claiming, "God says," when God has not sent them, and they have led others to hope they would affirm the word.
Ezekiel 13:7 Haven't you seen a false vision and told a false prophecy, claiming God said it when I did not speak?
Ezekiel 13:8 So God says, "Because you have spoken nonsense and seen false things, I am against you," says God.
Ezekiel 13:9 I will act against the false prophets who see empty visions and tell lies. They will not join my people's gatherings, won't be listed among the people of Israel, and won't enter Israel's land. Then you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 13:10 Because they misled my people, saying, "Peace," when there was no peace, and someone built a wall, and others covered it with weak mortar.
Ezekiel 13:11 Tell those who cover it with weak plaster that it will collapse: a heavy rain will pour down, large hailstones will fall, and a fierce wind will tear it apart.
Ezekiel 13:12 Look, when the wall has fallen, won't people ask you, "Where is the plaster you used to cover it?"
Ezekiel 13:13 So God says: I will tear it apart with a violent wind in my anger; there will be a massive rainstorm in my rage, and huge hailstones in my fury to destroy it.
Ezekiel 13:14 I will knock down the wall you've covered with weak mortar, it will fall to the ground, its base will be exposed, it will collapse, and you will be destroyed in its ruin. Then you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 13:15 I will finish my anger on the wall and on those who covered it with weak plaster, and I will tell you, The wall is gone, and so are those who plastered it.
Ezekiel 13:16 The prophets of Israel who speak about Jerusalem and who have visions of peace for it, when there is no peace, says God.
Ezekiel 13:17 You, human, turn to the women of your people who speak their own thoughts as if from God; and speak out against them.
Ezekiel 13:18 Say this, "God says: Bad luck to the women who sew cushions for every wrist and make veils for people of every height to trap lives! Are you trapping my people's lives and saving the lives of others who come to you?"
Ezekiel 13:19 Will you dishonor God among the people for some barley and bread, by killing those who should not die and keeping alive those who should not live, with your lies to those who believe them?
Ezekiel 13:20 So God says: Look, I am against your magic charms, which you use to trap souls like birds. I will rip them from your hands and free the souls you catch with them.
Ezekiel 13:21 I will tear off your veils and rescue my people from your grasp, and they will no longer be prey in your hands; then you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 13:22 You have made good people feel sad with lies, even though I did not make them sad; and you have encouraged the bad people, so they do not stop their wrong ways by promising them life.
Ezekiel 13:23 So you won't see false visions or make predictions anymore, because I will rescue my people from your control, and you will realize that I am God.

Ezekiel 14:1 Some elders of Israel came to me and sat down in front of me.
Ezekiel 14:2 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 14:3 Human, these people have placed their idols in their hearts, and set the sin they trip over right before themselves. Should I let them ask for my help at all?
Ezekiel 14:4 Tell them this: God says, "Any Israelite who worships idols in his heart and lets his sins lead him into trouble, and then asks a prophet for advice, I, God, will respond to him in a way that reflects his many idols."
Ezekiel 14:5 I want to capture the hearts of Israel's people, for they have all turned away from me because of their idols.
Ezekiel 14:6 Tell the people of Israel, "God says: Change your ways, stop worshiping idols, and stop doing things that are wrong."
Ezekiel 14:7 Everyone from Israel's people, or any visitor living in Israel, who turns away from me, holds idols in their heart, does wrong, and then asks a prophet about me, I, God, will give them my answer directly.
Ezekiel 14:8 I will oppose that person and make him a warning and a common saying, and I will remove him from my people; and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 14:9 If a prophet is tricked into saying something, it's because I, God, have allowed the trick, and I will punish that prophet and remove him from among my people Israel.
Ezekiel 14:10 They will be punished for their sins, and the prophet will be punished just like the one who goes to him for advice.
Ezekiel 14:11 So that the people of Israel won't turn away from me or be unclean with their sins anymore; instead, they will be my people, and I will be their God, says God.
Ezekiel 14:12 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 14:13 Human, when a country sins greatly against me by breaking my rules, I will reach out against that country. I will take away its supply of food, cause a famine, and remove both people and animals from it.
Ezekiel 14:14 Even if these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were there, they could only save themselves by being good, says God.
Ezekiel 14:15 If I send harmful animals into the country, and they destroy it, making it empty so no one can pass through because of the animals:
Ezekiel 14:16 Even if these three men were there, as I live, says God, they would not save their sons or daughters; only they would be saved, but the land would be empty.
Ezekiel 14:17 If I send a sword into that land and command, "Sword, sweep across the land," and I wipe out both people and animals:
Ezekiel 14:18 Even if these three men were there, God says, they would not save their sons or daughters, but only themselves would be saved.
Ezekiel 14:19 If I send a disease into that land and express my anger with death, to remove both people and animals:
Ezekiel 14:20 Even if Noah, Daniel, and Job were there, as I live, says God, they wouldn't save either son or daughter; they would only save themselves by being good.
Ezekiel 14:21 God says: What if I send my four terrible punishments to Jerusalem: war, hunger, wild animals, and disease, to kill its people and animals?
Ezekiel 14:22 Still, some people will survive and be brought out—both sons and daughters. They will come to you, and when you see how they behave and what they do, you will feel better about the disaster I have brought on Jerusalem, and all the hardship I have brought on it.
Ezekiel 14:23 They will comfort you when you see their actions, and you'll understand that I had good reasons for everything I did, says God.

Ezekiel 15:1 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 15:2 Human, what makes a grapevine better than any other tree or a branch found in the forest?
Ezekiel 15:3 Can wood from it be used to make anything? Or can someone use a piece of it to hang things on?
Ezekiel 15:4 Look, it is thrown into the fire as fuel; the fire burns up both its ends, and its middle is charred. Can it be used for any task?
Ezekiel 15:5 Look, when it was whole, it was not fit for any work: how much less will it be fit for any work now, after the fire has eaten it, and it is burned?
Ezekiel 15:6 So this is what God says: Just as a vine among forest trees that I've set aside to burn is given, so will I treat Jerusalem's people.
Ezekiel 15:7 I will be against them; they will escape one fire, but another fire will consume them; and you will know that I am God when I am against them.
Ezekiel 15:8 I will make the land empty, because they did wrong, says God.

Ezekiel 16:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 16:2 Human, make Jerusalem aware of her wrongdoings.
Ezekiel 16:3 Say, God tells Jerusalem: You were born in Canaan; your father was an Amorite, and your mother a Hittite.
Ezekiel 16:4 About your birth: when you were born, no one cut your umbilical cord, cleaned you with water, rubbed you with salt, or wrapped you in cloth.
Ezekiel 16:5 No one felt sorry for you, to do these things for you, to show you kindness; but you were thrown out into the open field, hated, on the day you were born.
Ezekiel 16:6 As I passed by you and saw you covered in your own blood, I told you to live, even though you were in your blood. Yes, I told you to live.
Ezekiel 16:7 I have made you grow like a plant in the field, and you have grown large and become beautiful: your breasts have developed, and your hair has grown long, when before you were naked and had nothing.
Ezekiel 16:8 When I saw you, I noticed it was time for love. I covered you with my cloak and hid your nudity. I promised you and made an agreement with you, says God, and you became mine.
Ezekiel 16:9 I washed you with water; yes, I completely cleaned your blood off you, and I put oil on you.
Ezekiel 16:10 I dressed you in embroidered clothes, and put shoes of fine leather on you, and wrapped you in fine linen, and draped you in silk.
Ezekiel 16:11 I also gave you jewelry, put bracelets on your wrists, and a necklace around your neck.
Ezekiel 16:12 I placed a jewel on your forehead, earrings in your ears, and a beautiful crown on your head.
Ezekiel 16:13 You were adorned with gold and silver; your clothes were fine linen, silk, and embroidered fabric; you ate the best flour, honey, and oil: and you were very beautiful, growing into a powerful kingdom.
Ezekiel 16:14 People everywhere talked about your beauty because it was perfect, thanks to the splendor I gave you, says God.
Ezekiel 16:15 You trusted in your beauty and became a prostitute because of your fame, offering yourself to everyone who passed by.
Ezekiel 16:16 You took your clothes to decorate your worship sites with different colors, and you acted like a prostitute there. Such things should not happen, nor should it continue.
Ezekiel 16:17 You took the beautiful jewelry I gave you, made from my gold and silver, and made male idols to worship as gods.
Ezekiel 16:18 You took your embroidered clothes and covered them with it, and you put my oil and incense in front of them.
Ezekiel 16:19 I gave you good food to eat, like fine flour, oil, and honey, but you offered it to others as a sweet smell, says God.
Ezekiel 16:20 You also took your sons and daughters, whom you had for me, and gave them to be eaten. Is this small thing part of your unfaithfulness?
Ezekiel 16:21 You killed my children and made them pass through fire.
Ezekiel 16:22 In all the wrong things you did and your unfaithfulness, you forgot your childhood days when you were naked and dirty.
Ezekiel 16:23 After all your bad behavior, (oh, how terrible for you! says God;)
Ezekiel 16:24 You have also made yourself a prominent place and set up a shrine on every street.
Ezekiel 16:25 You have set up your worship places at every street corner, and made your beauty something disgraceful. You offered yourself to everyone who walked by, multiplying your unfaithfulness.
Ezekiel 16:26 You also slept with the Egyptians, your large-bodied neighbors, and made your unfaithfulness worse, making me angry.
Ezekiel 16:27 Look, I have reached out my hand against you, reduced your daily food, and handed you over to those who dislike you, the Philistines' women, who are embarrassed by your bad behavior.
Ezekiel 16:28 You also acted like a prostitute with the Assyrians, because you were never satisfied; indeed, you acted like a prostitute with them, and still you were not satisfied.
Ezekiel 16:29 You also increased your unfaithfulness in Canaan and towards Chaldea; still, you were not satisfied.
Ezekiel 16:30 How weak is your heart, says God, when you do all these things like a bossy prostitute.
Ezekiel 16:31 You build your high spots at the top of every road and make your worship places on every street, yet you are not like a prostitute because you refuse payment.
Ezekiel 16:32 Like a wife who cheats, who chooses others over her husband!
Ezekiel 16:33 You give gifts to all prostitutes, but you give your presents to all your lovers and pay them to come to you from everywhere for your prostitution.
Ezekiel 16:34 You are different from other women in your wrongdoing because no one follows you in it. You pay others instead of being paid, so you are opposite.
Ezekiel 16:35 So, prostitute, listen to God's message.
Ezekiel 16:36 God says: Because you showed your dirtiness and were seen naked in your acts with your lovers, with all your disgusting idols, and because of the blood of your children that you gave to them;
Ezekiel 16:37 So, I will bring together all your lovers, the ones you enjoyed, and those you loved and hated. I'll have them surround you and show them your nakedness, so they can see you completely exposed.
Ezekiel 16:38 I will judge you like women who cheat in marriage and kill are judged; and I will punish you with bloody anger and jealousy.
Ezekiel 16:39 I will let them capture you, and they will destroy your important places and tear down your worship sites. They will take off your clothes, steal your beautiful jewelry, and leave you naked and empty.
Ezekiel 16:40 A group will also attack you, throw stones at you, and stab you with their swords.
Ezekiel 16:41 They will burn your houses with fire, judge you in front of many women: I will make you stop being a prostitute, and you won't pay for it anymore.
Ezekiel 16:42 I will calm my anger towards you, and my jealousy will leave you. I will be peaceful and not angry with you anymore.
Ezekiel 16:43 Because you did not remember your youth and made me unhappy with all this, I will make you pay for your actions, says God. And you will not do this shameful thing on top of all your other wrongs.
Ezekiel 16:44 Look, everyone who speaks in sayings will say this about you: "Like the mother, so is her daughter."
Ezekiel 16:45 You are your mother's daughter, hating your husband and children; and you are the sister of your sisters, who also hated their husbands and children. Your mother was a Hittite and your father was an Amorite.
Ezekiel 16:46 Your older sister is Samaria, with her daughters who live to your north; and your younger sister who lives to your south is Sodom, with her daughters.
Ezekiel 16:47 You didn't follow their ways or do their terrible things: but you acted as if that was nothing and became even more corrupt than them in all you do.
Ezekiel 16:48 I am alive, says God. Your sister city, Sodom, and her daughters didn't do what you and your daughters have done.
Ezekiel 16:49 Look, the sin of your sister Sodom was pride, plenty of food, and too much free time, and her and her daughters had this, but they didn't help the poor and those in need.
Ezekiel 16:50 They were proud and did terrible things before me; so I removed them as I thought best.
Ezekiel 16:51 Samaria hasn't done even half of your sins; but you have done many more evil things than they did, and you made your sisters seem right by all the evil things you did.
Ezekiel 16:52 You who judged your sisters must now face your own shame because the sins you did are worse than theirs; they are more righteous than you. Yes, feel ashamed and bear your shame for making your sisters seem just by comparison.
Ezekiel 16:53 When I restore the fortunes of Sodom and its towns, and of Samaria and its towns, I will also restore the fortunes of your captives among them.
Ezekiel 16:54 So you can feel your own shame and be embarrassed by all that you have done, because you have been a comfort to them.
Ezekiel 16:55 When your sisters, Sodom and her daughters, go back to what they used to be, and Samaria and her daughters go back to what they used to be, then you and your daughters will also go back to what you used to be.
Ezekiel 16:56 You did not talk about your sister city Sodom when you were proud.
Ezekiel 16:57 Before your evil ways were exposed, like when you shamed the girls of Syria and everyone around them, including the girls of the Philistines who all look down on you.
Ezekiel 16:58 You have carried your wickedness and your disgusting acts, says God.
Ezekiel 16:59 God says, "I will treat you as you have acted, since you ignored the promise and broke the agreement."
Ezekiel 16:60 Even so, I will remember my promise to you from when you were young, and I will make with you a forever promise.
Ezekiel 16:61 Then you will remember your actions and feel ashamed when you accept your older and younger sisters: I will give them to you as daughters, but not because of your agreement.
Ezekiel 16:62 I will make my promise with you; and you will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 16:63 So you will remember and feel ashamed, and never speak again because of your shame, when I forgive you for all you have done, says God.

Ezekiel 17:1 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 17:2 Human, tell a puzzle and share a story with the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 17:3 Say, 'God says: A big eagle with large wings and long feathers, full of many colors, came to Lebanon and took the top branch of the cedar tree.'
Ezekiel 17:4 He cut off the top of the young branches and took it to a land of trade; he placed it in a city of merchants.
Ezekiel 17:5 He also took some seeds from the land and planted them in a fertile area; he put them near a lot of water, like a willow tree.
Ezekiel 17:6 It grew and turned into a wide, low vine. Its branches reached out to him, and its roots were beneath him. So it became a vine, grew branches, and produced new shoots.
Ezekiel 17:7 There was also a big eagle with large wings and lots of feathers, and look, the vine turned its roots toward him and spread out its branches so that he could give it water where it was planted.
Ezekiel 17:8 It was put in good soil near plenty of water so it could grow branches and bear fruit, becoming a fine vine.
Ezekiel 17:9 Say this, "This is what God says: Will it succeed? Will he not pull out its roots and cut off its fruit so it dries up? It will dry up with all the leaves of its growth, even without strong force or many people to uproot it."
Ezekiel 17:10 Yes, look, if it is planted, will it thrive? Won't it completely dry up when the east wind blows on it? It will dry up in the beds where it sprouted.
Ezekiel 17:11 Also, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 17:12 Speak to the stubborn people and ask them if they understand what this means: tell them, "The king of Babylon has come to Jerusalem, has captured its king and leaders, and has taken them with him to Babylon."
Ezekiel 17:13 He has taken a descendant of the king, made an agreement with him, and sworn him to an oath; he has also taken the powerful people of the land.
Ezekiel 17:14 To make the kingdom humble, so it would not rise up, but by following his agreement it would remain stable.
Ezekiel 17:15 He turned against God by sending messengers to Egypt to get horses and many soldiers. Will he succeed? Can he get away with this? Or can he ignore the agreement and still be safe?
Ezekiel 17:16 I swear, says God, the king who rejected his promise and broke his agreement will die in Babylon, where he was made king.
Ezekiel 17:17 Pharaoh and his strong army and large group won't help him in battle by making mounds and building forts to kill many people.
Ezekiel 17:18 Because he looked down on his promise by breaking the agreement, after he had shaken hands, and did all these things, he will not get away.
Ezekiel 17:19 So this is what God says: As surely as I live, I will repay him for ignoring my promise and breaking my agreement right on his own head.
Ezekiel 17:20 I will set my net for him, and he will get caught in my trap. Then I will take him to Babylon and talk to him about the wrong he did to me.
Ezekiel 17:21 Everyone running away with him will be killed by the sword, and those left will be spread out in all directions. Then you will know that I, God, have said this.
Ezekiel 17:22 God says: I will take a twig from the top of a tall cedar and plant it on a high and prominent mountain.
Ezekiel 17:23 I will plant it on the high mountain in Israel: it will grow branches, produce fruit, and become a magnificent cedar. All kinds of birds will live underneath it, resting in the shade of its branches.
Ezekiel 17:24 All the trees in the land will know that I, God, have made the tall tree fall, raised the small tree, dried up the green tree, and made the dry tree grow. I, God, have said it and made it happen.

Ezekiel 18:1 God spoke to me once more, saying,
Ezekiel 18:2 Why do you use this saying about Israel's land: The parents ate sour grapes, and now their children's teeth feel rough?
Ezekiel 18:3 God says, as long as I live, you will not use this saying in Israel anymore.
Ezekiel 18:4 Look, every person belongs to me; just as a father's person is mine, so is a child's person mine: the person who sins will die.
Ezekiel 18:5 If a person is fair and does what is legal and right,
Ezekiel 18:6 He has not eaten on the mountains, nor looked up to the idols of Israel, nor been with his neighbor's wife, nor approached a woman during her period.
Ezekiel 18:7 He has not been unkind to others, but has returned the borrower's collateral, has not robbed anyone by force, has shared his food with the hungry, and has given clothes to those without any.
Ezekiel 18:8 He who has not lent money at interest, nor taken extra for himself, who has avoided doing wrong, and has made fair decisions between people,
Ezekiel 18:9 Has followed my rules and has kept my decisions, acting honestly; he is righteous, he will certainly live, says God.
Ezekiel 18:10 If he has a son who steals, kills, and does any of these bad things,
Ezekiel 18:11 Someone who does none of those duties, but also eats on the mountains and dishonors his neighbor's wife,
Ezekiel 18:12 Has mistreated the poor and needy, has robbed by force, has not returned what was borrowed, and has looked up to idols, has done terrible things.
Ezekiel 18:13 Lent money for interest or made a profit from it: can he live? He won't live: he did all these bad things; he will certainly die, and it's his own fault.
Ezekiel 18:14 Now, look, if he has a son who sees all the sins his father has done, thinks about it, and does not do the same,
Ezekiel 18:15 Has not eaten on the mountains, nor looked up to the idols of Israel, has not dishonored another's wife,
Ezekiel 18:16 He has not hurt anyone, has not kept anything owed, has not robbed by force, but has given food to the hungry and has clothed those without clothes.
Ezekiel 18:17 He who does not exploit the poor, who does not take interest or profit, who follows my laws and lives by my rules, will not die because of his father's sins; he will surely live.
Ezekiel 18:18 His father, because he hurt others, robbed his brother by force, and did bad things to his people, will also die for his sins.
Ezekiel 18:19 You ask, "Why doesn't the son get punished for the father's sins?" If the son follows what is legal and right, obeys all my rules, and does them, he will certainly live.
Ezekiel 18:20 The person who sins will die. A child won't be punished for a parent's wrongs, nor a parent for a child's. The good person's goodness will be their own, and the bad person's badness will be their own.
Ezekiel 18:21 If a bad person stops sinning and follows all God's laws, doing what is right and fair, they will live and not die.
Ezekiel 18:22 All the wrongs he did will not be brought up to him; by the good things he has done, he will live.
Ezekiel 18:23 Does God take pleasure in the death of the wicked? No, God wants them to turn from their evil ways and live.
Ezekiel 18:24 When someone good stops doing good, does wrong, and acts like a bad person, will they live? All the good they did won't count anymore. They will die because of their wrongs and sins.
Ezekiel 18:25 But you say, God's way isn't fair. Listen, people of Israel; isn't my way fair? Aren't your ways unfair?
Ezekiel 18:26 When a good person stops doing right and does wrong, and dies because of it, they will die because of the wrong they have done.
Ezekiel 18:27 When a bad person stops doing wrong and starts doing what is lawful and right, he will save his life.
Ezekiel 18:28 Because he thinks about it and stops doing all the wrong things he did before, he will live and not die.
Ezekiel 18:29 The people of Israel say, "God's ways are not fair." O people of Israel, aren't my ways fair? Aren't your ways unfair?
Ezekiel 18:30 So, I will judge you, people of Israel, each according to their actions, says God. Turn back and stop all your sins; then they won't destroy you.
Ezekiel 18:31 Get rid of all the wrong things you have done, and create a new heart and a new spirit for yourself. Why should you die, people of Israel?
Ezekiel 18:32 I don't want anyone to die, says God. So change your ways and live.

Ezekiel 19:1 Make a sad song for Israel's leaders.
Ezekiel 19:2 Ask, "What is your mother? A lioness: she lay among lions, she raised her cubs with other lions."
Ezekiel 19:3 She raised one of her cubs; it became a young lion and learned to hunt; it ate people.
Ezekiel 19:4 Other countries heard about him; he got caught in their trap, and they took him with chains to Egypt.
Ezekiel 19:5 When she saw her waiting was in vain and her hope was gone, she took another one of her young and raised it to be a young lion.
Ezekiel 19:6 He moved among lions, became a young lion, learned to hunt, and ate people.
Ezekiel 19:7 He knew their empty homes and destroyed their cities; the land was empty and completely ruined by the sound of his roar.
Ezekiel 19:8 Nations from all around trapped him with their nets, and he was caught in their hole.
Ezekiel 19:9 They locked him up with chains and took him to the king of Babylon: they kept him in prison so his voice would not be heard on Israel's mountains anymore.
Ezekiel 19:10 Your mother is like a vine in your life, planted near water; she was productive and had many branches because of the plentiful water.
Ezekiel 19:11 She had sturdy branches fit for rulers' scepters; she stood tall amidst the dense foliage, her height visible with her many branches.
Ezekiel 19:12 But she was yanked up angrily, thrown to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit; her strong branches were broken and dried up; the fire burned them up.
Ezekiel 19:13 And now it is planted in a desert, in a dry and parched land.
Ezekiel 19:14 Fire came from one of her branch sticks and burned up her fruit. Now she has no strong branch to be a ruler's scepter. This is a sad song, and it will be used as a sad song.

Ezekiel 20:1 In the seventh year, on the tenth day of the fifth month, some of the leaders of Israel came to ask God, and they sat down in front of me.
Ezekiel 20:2 Then God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 20:3 Human, talk to Israel's leaders and tell them, "God says, 'Have you come to ask me something? As I live, says God, I will not answer you.'"
Ezekiel 20:4 Will you judge them, human, will you judge them? Show them their fathers' wrongdoings.
Ezekiel 20:5 Tell them this is what God says: On the day I picked Israel, raised my hand to Jacob's descendants, and revealed myself to them in Egypt, I raised my hand and told them, 'I am God, your God.'
Ezekiel 20:6 On the day I raised my hand to them, to lead them out of Egypt into a land I had chosen for them, a land filled with milk and honey, the finest of all lands.
Ezekiel 20:7 I said to them, "Throw away every bad thing you set your eyes on, and do not make yourselves dirty with the idols of Egypt: I am God your God."
Ezekiel 20:8 They resisted me and wouldn't listen: they each kept the hateful things they saw, nor did they leave Egypt's idols behind; then I decided to unleash my anger on them there in Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:9 I acted for the sake of my reputation, so it would not be tarnished in front of the nations where they lived, where I revealed myself to them by leading them out of Egypt.
Ezekiel 20:10 So I made them leave Egypt and led them into the desert.
Ezekiel 20:11 I gave them my laws and taught them my rulings, which if a person follows, they will live by them.
Ezekiel 20:12 I also gave them my days of rest, as a sign between us, so they would know that I am God who makes them holy.
Ezekiel 20:13 The people of Israel disobeyed me in the desert. They did not follow my laws, and they did not respect my decisions, which would give life to anyone who followed them. They badly disrespected my rest days. So, I thought to release my anger on them in the desert and to destroy them.
Ezekiel 20:14 I acted for my own reputation so that it would not be tarnished in the eyes of the nations from whom I rescued my people.
Ezekiel 20:15 I promised them in the wilderness that I would not take them to the land I had given them, a land rich with milk and honey, the most beautiful of all lands.
Ezekiel 20:16 Because they disrespected my laws, did not follow my rules, and made my holy days unclean: for their hearts followed their false gods.
Ezekiel 20:17 But my eye pitied them and did not destroy them or wipe them out in the desert.
Ezekiel 20:18 I told their children in the desert, "Do not follow your fathers' customs, do not keep their rules, and do not make yourselves unclean with their idols."
Ezekiel 20:19 I am God, your God; follow my rules, obey my decisions, and carry them out.
Ezekiel 20:20 Honor my rest days; they will be a sign between us so that you will know that I am your God.
Ezekiel 20:21 Despite this, the children disobeyed me: they did not follow my rules or keep my decisions, which would bring life if followed; they disrespected my rest days: so I decided to fully unleash my anger on them in the desert.
Ezekiel 20:22 Even so, I held back and acted for the sake of my name, so it would not be tarnished in the eyes of the nations among whom I had brought them out.
Ezekiel 20:23 I raised my hand to them in the desert, promising that I would scatter them among the nations and spread them out across the lands.
Ezekiel 20:24 Because they did not follow my decisions, but hated my rules, and did not respect my special rest days, and they desired their ancestors' false gods.
Ezekiel 20:25 So I gave them rules that were not good, and laws that did not bring life.
Ezekiel 20:26 I let them become unclean through their own gifts when they burned their firstborn, which made them empty, so they would know I am God.
Ezekiel 20:27 So, human, talk to the people of Israel and tell them this: God says, 'Your ancestors insulted me by doing wrong against me.'
Ezekiel 20:28 When I brought them to the land I promised to give them, they saw every tall hill and all the dense trees. There they made their sacrifices, presented their offerings to provoke me, made offerings that smelled sweet, and poured out their drink offerings.
Ezekiel 20:29 Then I asked them, "What is the high place you go to?" It is named Bamah to this day.
Ezekiel 20:30 Tell the people of Israel, God says; Are you dirty like your ancestors? Do you act badly like they did?
Ezekiel 20:31 When you give your gifts and burn your children as sacrifices, you make yourselves unclean with all your gods, even now. Should you expect me to answer your questions, people of Israel? I swear, says God, I will not answer you.
Ezekiel 20:32 What you are thinking won't happen—you won't say, 'Let's be like other nations, serving idols made of wood and stone.'
Ezekiel 20:33 I am alive, says God, and I will rule over you with great power, a reaching arm, and intense anger.
Ezekiel 20:34 I will take you away from the people and collect you from the countries where you are spread out, with great power, with an outreached arm, and with strong anger.
Ezekiel 20:35 I will take you to the people's desert, and there I will talk with you directly.
Ezekiel 20:36 Just as I spoke to your ancestors in the desert of Egypt, I will speak to you, says God.
Ezekiel 20:37 I will make you follow the rules, and I will bring you into the agreement's commitment.
Ezekiel 20:38 I will remove the rebels from among you and those who disobey me: I will take them out of the country where they live, and they will not enter the land of Israel: and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 20:39 Israel, this is what God says: Go and worship your idols if you wish, but if you won't listen to me, stop disrespecting my holy name with your gifts and idols.
Ezekiel 20:40 In my holy mountain, on Israel's highest mountain, God says, all of Israel, everyone in the land, will serve me. There I will accept them, and there I will ask for your gifts, the first of your offerings, along with all your sacred items.
Ezekiel 20:41 I will welcome you because of your pleasing aroma when I rescue you from the peoples and collect you from the countries where you were spread out; and I will show my holiness through you to the nations.
Ezekiel 20:42 You will know that I am God when I bring you to Israel, the land I promised to give your ancestors.
Ezekiel 20:43 There, you will remember your actions and everything you have done that made you impure; and you will hate yourselves for all the wrongs you have done.
Ezekiel 20:44 You will understand that I am God when I act for the sake of my name, not based on your bad ways or your wrong actions, people of Israel, says God.
Ezekiel 20:45 Also, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 20:46 Human, look toward the south, speak toward the south, and predict against the forest in the southern land.
Ezekiel 20:47 Tell the southern forest to listen to God's message: God says, "Look, I will start a fire in you. It will burn up all the green trees and all the dry trees. The blazing fire won't be put out, and it will scorch everything from the south to the north."
Ezekiel 20:48 Everyone will see that I, God, have started this fire; it will not be put out.
Ezekiel 20:49 Then I said, "Ah God! They are saying about me, 'Doesn't he just speak in puzzles?'"

Ezekiel 21:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:2 Human, look toward Jerusalem, speak your message to the sacred places, and tell of coming troubles for the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 21:3 Tell the land of Israel, God says: I am against you, and I will pull out my sword and cut down both good and bad people from you.
Ezekiel 21:4 Since I will remove both good and bad people from you, my sword will be drawn and strike everyone from the south to the north.
Ezekiel 21:5 So that everyone may know that I, God, have taken out my sword from its cover: it will not be put back again.
Ezekiel 21:6 So, you human, sigh deeply with sadness; let everyone see your grief.
Ezekiel 21:7 When people ask you why you are sighing, you will say, "Because of the news that is coming. Everyone's heart will melt, hands will go limp, spirits will lose courage, and knees will turn to water. Look, it's coming and will happen," says God.
Ezekiel 21:8 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 21:9 Human, prophesy and say, This is what God says: Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened and polished.
Ezekiel 21:10 It is sharpened for a terrible killing; it is polished to shine: should we then celebrate? It rejects the authority of my son, like any tree.
Ezekiel 21:11 He has made it ready to be used; this sword is sharp and polished to be given to the one who will kill.
Ezekiel 21:12 Weep and wail, human: it will happen to my people, it will happen to all the leaders of Israel: fears of war will be upon my people: so hit your leg in grief.
Ezekiel 21:13 It's a test, and what if the sword despises the stick? It won't exist anymore, says God.
Ezekiel 21:14 So, human, prophesy and clap your hands. Let the sword strike three times, the sword that kills the mighty; it is the sword that kills the great ones, reaching into their private rooms.
Ezekiel 21:15 I have placed the sword at all their gates so that they will be scared and their destruction will increase. Oh! It is sharpened and prepared for killing.
Ezekiel 21:16 Go in any direction, to the right or to the left, wherever you decide to look.
Ezekiel 21:17 I will clap my hands together, and I will let my anger settle: I, God, have said it.
Ezekiel 21:18 God spoke to me once more, saying,
Ezekiel 21:19 You, too, must set up two roads for the king of Babylon's army to invade. Both will start from the same country. At the start of each road leading to the city, pick a spot for a signpost.
Ezekiel 21:20 Set a path for the sword to reach Rabbath of the Ammonites and Judah in fortified Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 21:21 The king of Babylon stopped at the crossroads, at the start of the two paths, to practice fortune-telling: he polished his arrows, he asked idols, he examined the liver.
Ezekiel 21:22 At his right side was the plan for Jerusalem: to set leaders, to begin the attack, to shout loudly, to place rams at the gates, to make a siege mound, and to construct a stronghold.
Ezekiel 21:23 They will see it as a false prediction, those who make promises; but their wrongdoing will be remembered, so they can be captured.
Ezekiel 21:24 So God says, because you have shown your sins and everyone sees your wrong acts, and because you are now remembered, you will be caught.
Ezekiel 21:25 You, evil and unholy ruler of Israel, your time has come when your wrongdoing will stop.
Ezekiel 21:26 God says, "Take off the royal headband, remove the crown: things will change: lift up the lowly, and bring down the powerful."
Ezekiel 21:27 I will completely overturn it, and it will be gone, until the one who rightfully owns it comes; then I will give it to him.
Ezekiel 21:28 You, human, tell them what God says about the Ammonites and their insults: "The sword is drawn and ready for killing, polished to shine and destroy."
Ezekiel 21:29 While they show you false visions and tell you lies, to lead you to the fate of the wicked who are doomed, when their sin ends.
Ezekiel 21:30 Will I put it back in its holder? I will judge you where you were born, in your homeland.
Ezekiel 21:31 I will let out my anger on you, I will breathe on you with the fire of my anger, and give you to rough men who are good at destroying.
Ezekiel 21:32 You will be fuel for the fire; your blood will be spread across the land; you will be forgotten because I, God, have said so.

Ezekiel 22:1 Also, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:2 Now, you human, will you judge the city of bloodshed? Yes, you will show her all her terrible sins.
Ezekiel 22:3 Then say, "This is what God says: The city spills blood within itself to hasten its end and creates false gods, polluting itself."
Ezekiel 22:4 You are guilty because of the blood you shed; you have made yourself unclean with the idols you created; you brought your end near and reached the end of your life. So, I have made you a disgrace to other nations and an object of ridicule to all countries.
Ezekiel 22:5 Both close and far people will mock you, as you are known for trouble and distress.
Ezekiel 22:6 Look, the leaders of Israel, each one in you used their power to kill.
Ezekiel 22:7 They disrespect their parents because of you; they mistreat foreigners among you; they trouble orphans and widows in your midst.
Ezekiel 22:8 You have shown disrespect for my holy things and have treated my Sabbaths with contempt.
Ezekiel 22:9 Among you are people who spread rumors to cause harm, and you eat at the mountains; you act improperly among yourselves.
Ezekiel 22:10 In you, they exposed their fathers' shame; in you, they violated the woman kept for impurity.
Ezekiel 22:11 One did something very wrong with his neighbor's wife; another acted indecently with his daughter-in-law; and another here has shamed his sister, his father's daughter.
Ezekiel 22:12 People have given you gifts to kill others; you have charged high interest and made profits, you've unfairly taken wealth from your neighbors, and you have forgotten me, says God.
Ezekiel 22:13 See, I have struck my hand because of the dishonest profit you made and the bloodshed that has been among you.
Ezekiel 22:14 Can your heart last, or can your hands stay strong, when I confront you? I have said it, and I will make it happen.
Ezekiel 22:15 I will spread you among the nations, scatter you across the lands, and remove your uncleanness from you.
Ezekiel 22:16 You will receive your inheritance in front of other nations, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 22:17 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:18 Human, the people of Israel have become worthless to me: they are all like cheap metals—brass, tin, iron, and lead—mixed in with the slag of silver.
Ezekiel 22:19 So God says: Because you have all become worthless, I will bring you together in Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 22:20 Just as people collect silver, brass, iron, lead, and tin to melt in a furnace with a fire, I will bring you together in my anger and rage, leave you there, and melt you.
Ezekiel 22:21 Yes, I will bring you together and breathe on you with the fire of my anger, and you will melt in the middle of it.
Ezekiel 22:22 As silver is melted in a furnace, so will you be melted in it; and you will know that I, God, have unleashed my anger upon you.
Ezekiel 22:23 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:24 Human, tell her, "You are the land that is not cleaned or rained on when anger comes."
Ezekiel 22:25 Her prophets are plotting together inside the city, like a lion roaring and tearing apart its catch. They have destroyed lives. They have stolen valuable and expensive items. They have caused many women to lose their husbands in the city.
Ezekiel 22:26 Her priests broke my laws and dishonored my sacred things. They did not separate the holy from the unholy or the clean from the unclean, and they closed their eyes to my Sabbaths. So I am not respected among them.
Ezekiel 22:27 Its leaders are like wolves tearing apart their catch, spilling blood and destroying lives for greedy profit.
Ezekiel 22:28 Her prophets have covered them with weak plaster, seeing false visions, and telling them lies, saying, "God says this," when God has not spoken.
Ezekiel 22:29 The people in the land have been unfair and stolen things, causing trouble for the poor and needy; indeed, they have wrongly treated outsiders harshly.
Ezekiel 22:30 I looked for someone among them who would repair the wall and stand in the breach before me on behalf of the land so I would not have to destroy it, but I found no one.
Ezekiel 22:31 So I showed them my anger and destroyed them with the fire of my fury. I have given them what they deserved for their actions, says God.

Ezekiel 23:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 23:2 Human, there were two sisters from the same mother:
Ezekiel 23:3 In Egypt, they acted immorally; they were immoral since they were young: their bodies were touched, and their virginity was spoiled.
Ezekiel 23:4 The sisters' names were Aholah the older and Aholibah her sister. They belonged to me and had sons and daughters. Their names mean Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem is Aholibah.
Ezekiel 23:5 Aholah acted like a prostitute while she was with me; she was crazy about her lovers, the Assyrians who lived nearby.
Ezekiel 23:6 They wore blue, were leaders and officials, all handsome young men, horsemen riding on horses.
Ezekiel 23:7 She had relations with them, all the favored men of Assyria, and with everyone she desired; she made herself unclean with all their idols.
Ezekiel 23:8 She did not stop the sexual sins she started in Egypt. When she was young, they slept with her, hurt her virgin breasts, and forced their immorality on her.
Ezekiel 23:9 So, I gave her to her lovers, the Assyrians, whom she adored.
Ezekiel 23:10 They saw her nakedness, took her sons and daughters, and killed her with the sword. She became well-known among women because they carried out justice on her.
Ezekiel 23:11 When Aholibah, her sister, saw this, she became even more immoral in her extreme lust than her sister, and in her unfaithfulness, she surpassed her sister's unfaithfulness.
Ezekiel 23:12 She was attracted to her Assyrian neighbors, handsome young men who were commanders and rulers dressed in beautiful clothes, horsemen riding on horses.
Ezekiel 23:13 Then I saw she was corrupted; they both chose the same path.
Ezekiel 23:14 She grew more unfaithful: she saw pictures of men on the wall, drawings of the Chaldeans colored with red.
Ezekiel 23:15 Wearing belts on their waists, with fancy dyed turbans on their heads, all looking like princes, just like the Babylonians from Chaldea, the place where they were born.
Ezekiel 23:16 As soon as she saw them, she longed for them and sent messengers to them in Chaldea.
Ezekiel 23:17 The people from Babylon went to her bed to make love, and by sleeping with her, they made her unclean. She became dirty from being with them, and then she started to dislike them.
Ezekiel 23:18 She revealed her unfaithfulness and exposed herself; then I became disgusted with her, just as I had with her sister.
Ezekiel 23:19 She increased her unfaithfulness, remembering her youth when she acted as a prostitute in Egypt.
Ezekiel 23:20 She was crazy about her lovers, who were as well-endowed as donkeys and ejaculated like stallions.
Ezekiel 23:21 You remembered your wild days as a young woman, when the Egyptians touched your breasts.
Ezekiel 23:22 So, O Aholibah, this is what God says: Look, I will turn your lovers against you, those you no longer care for, and I will bring them against you from all sides.
Ezekiel 23:23 The Babylonians, Chaldeans, Pekod, Shoa, Koa, and all the Assyrians with them were all good-looking young men, leaders and officials, important men and famous, all riding horses.
Ezekiel 23:24 They will attack you with chariots, carts, and wheels, surrounded by a crowd of people ready with protective gear and helmets. I will present your case to them, and they will decide what to do with you following their own rules.
Ezekiel 23:25 I will become very jealous of you, and they will treat you with fierce anger. They will cut off your nose and ears; those left will die by the sword. They will take your sons and daughters, and fire will consume what remains of you.
Ezekiel 23:26 They will also take off your clothes and remove your beautiful jewelry.
Ezekiel 23:27 I will stop your indecency and end the unfaithful ways you brought from Egypt; you will not look to them or think of Egypt again.
Ezekiel 23:28 For this is what God says: Look, I will hand you over to those you hate, to those you feel estranged from.
Ezekiel 23:29 They will treat you with hate, take all you've worked for, and leave you naked and exposed: your shameful acts and unfaithfulness will be revealed.
Ezekiel 23:30 I will do these things to you because you chased after other nations and became unclean with their idols.
Ezekiel 23:31 You have followed your sister's path; so I will make you drink from her cup.
Ezekiel 23:32 God says, "You will drink from your sister's big deep cup; you will be mocked and ridiculed; it holds a lot."
Ezekiel 23:33 You will be filled with drunkenness and sadness, with a cup of shock and ruin, with the cup of your sister Samaria.
Ezekiel 23:34 You will drink it, drain it, break its pieces, and tear off your breasts. I have said it, says God.
Ezekiel 23:35 So God says, because you have forgotten me and ignored me, now you must deal with your bad behavior and your unfaithfulness.
Ezekiel 23:36 God said to me, "Human, will you judge Aholah and Aholibah? Yes, tell them about their horrible acts."
Ezekiel 23:37 They were unfaithful, their hands are bloody, they were unfaithful with their idols, and they made their sons, whom they had for me, go through fire, consuming them.
Ezekiel 23:38 They have also done this to me: they have made my holy place dirty on that same day, and they have disrespected my special days of rest.
Ezekiel 23:39 After they killed their children for their idols, they entered my sacred place on that same day to disrespect it; look, this is what they have done in my house.
Ezekiel 23:40 You also called men from far away, to whom you sent a messenger; and look, they came. You bathed, put on eye makeup, and wore jewelry for them.
Ezekiel 23:41 You sat on a fancy bed with a table set in front of it, where you placed my incense and my oil.
Ezekiel 23:42 A crowd's voice enjoying themselves was with her; and ordinary men brought Sabeans from the desert who put bracelets on their arms and pretty crowns on their heads.
Ezekiel 23:43 I said to the woman known for her many sins, "Will they engage in immoral acts with her, and she with them?"
Ezekiel 23:44 They had sex with her like men do with a prostitute. This is how they treated Aholah and Aholibah, the immoral women.
Ezekiel 23:45 The good men will judge them like unfaithful wives and like women who kill, because they are unfaithful and have blood on their hands.
Ezekiel 23:46 God says, I will send a group against them, and they will be taken away and robbed.
Ezekiel 23:47 The group will throw stones at them and kill them with their swords; they will kill their sons and daughters and burn down their houses.
Ezekiel 23:48 I will stop the shameful behavior in the land so all women learn not to imitate your shamefulness.
Ezekiel 23:49 They will punish you for your bad acts, and you will suffer for worshipping your idols: and you will realize that I am God.

Ezekiel 24:1 In the ninth year, on the tenth day of the tenth month, God's message came to me.
Ezekiel 24:2 Human, write down the name of this day, because today the king of Babylon has attacked Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 24:3 Tell a story to the stubborn people and say to them, "This is what God says: Put a pot on the stove, set it there, and fill it with water."
Ezekiel 24:4 Collect the parts into it, including every good piece, the leg, and the arm; pack it with the best bones.
Ezekiel 24:5 Choose the best of the flock, burn the bones beneath it, cook it thoroughly, and boil the bones in it.
Ezekiel 24:6 So God says: "Trouble waits for the violent city, for the pot filled with filth that remains inside. Take it apart bit by bit; don't spare any of it."
Ezekiel 24:7 Her blood is inside her; she put it on a rock's top; she didn't pour it on the earth to cover it with dust.
Ezekiel 24:8 I did this to make anger rise and to get revenge; I put her blood on a rock where it can't be hidden.
Ezekiel 24:9 So this is what God says: Trouble to the city of blood! I will make a big fire pile.
Ezekiel 24:10 Put on lots of wood, light the fire, cook the meat, season it well, and burn the bones.
Ezekiel 24:11 Place it empty on the coals so that it gets hot, burns, melts away its dirt, and its scum is removed.
Ezekiel 24:12 She wore herself out with lies, and her deep filth didn't leave her: her filth will burn in the fire.
Ezekiel 24:13 In your dirtiness is bad behavior: because I tried to clean you and you were not cleaned, you will not be cleaned from your dirtiness anymore, until I have let my anger rest on you.
Ezekiel 24:14 I, God, have said it: it will happen, and I will do it; I won't change my mind, nor will I feel sorry; based on your actions and what you've done, you will be judged, says God.
Ezekiel 24:15 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 24:16 Human, see, I will take away from you what you love most suddenly: but you must not mourn or cry or let tears fall.
Ezekiel 24:17 Don't cry or mourn for the dead, wear your headband, put on your shoes, don't cover your lips, and don't eat the food given for mourning.
Ezekiel 24:18 I told the people in the morning, and by evening my wife had died. The next morning, I did what I was told to do.
Ezekiel 24:19 And the people asked me, "Won't you tell us what these actions mean for us?"
Ezekiel 24:20 I replied to them, "God's message came to me. He said,"
Ezekiel 24:21 Talk to the people of Israel and say this: God says, "Look, I will let my sanctuary be treated badly. It is your pride, what you love most, and what you feel sorry for. Your children, both sons and daughters, whom you left behind, will die by the sword."
Ezekiel 24:22 Do as I did: do not cover your lips or eat people's bread.
Ezekiel 24:23 You will wear turbans on your heads and shoes on your feet. You will not mourn or cry, but you will waste away because of your sins and grieve among yourselves.
Ezekiel 24:24 Ezekiel is a sign for you: just as he did, you should do the same. When it happens, you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 24:25 Also, you human, when I take away their power, the joy of their pride, what they desire most, and all they think about—their sons and daughters.
Ezekiel 24:26 The person who escapes that day will come to you to make you hear it with your ears.
Ezekiel 24:27 On that day you will be able to speak to the one who has escaped, you will talk and not be silent anymore; you will be a sign to them, and they will know that I am God.

Ezekiel 25:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 25:2 Human, look toward the Ammonites and speak against them.
Ezekiel 25:3 Tell the Ammonites, listen to God's word: This is what God says, "Because you mocked my sanctuary when it was defiled, mocked the land of Israel when it was empty, and mocked the people of Judah when they were taken captive.
Ezekiel 25:4 So, I will give you to the people from the east to own, and they will build their houses in you. They will eat your fruit and drink your milk.
Ezekiel 25:5 I will turn Rabbah into a place for camels to rest, and the Ammonites into a resting place for sheep; and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:6 God says, because you clapped your hands, stomped your feet, and were happy in your heart with all your hate for the land of Israel;
Ezekiel 25:7 So I will reach out my hand against you, and give you as loot to the nations; I will cut you off from the peoples, and make you vanish from the countries: I will destroy you, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:8 God says, "Because Moab and Seir claim, 'Look, the tribe of Judah is like other nations;
Ezekiel 25:9 So, I will expose Moab, starting from its cities on its borders, the best of the land, Bethjeshimoth, Baalmeon, and Kiriathaim.
Ezekiel 25:10 I will give the eastern lands to the men, including the Ammonites' lands, so that no one will remember the Ammonites among the nations.
Ezekiel 25:11 I will punish Moab, and they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 25:12 God says: Because Edom acted against the people of Judah, seeking revenge and committing great wrongs against them,
Ezekiel 25:13 So God says: I will reach out my hand against Edom, and remove people and animals from it; I will make it empty from Teman, and those from Dedan will die by the sword.
Ezekiel 25:14 I will take revenge on Edom through my people Israel; they will act in Edom with my anger and fury; and they will understand my revenge, says God.
Ezekiel 25:15 God says: Because the Philistines acted for revenge with spiteful hearts, wanting to destroy because of their ancient hatred;
Ezekiel 25:16 So God says: Look, I will reach out my hand against the Philistines, I will wipe out the Cherethites, and remove the survivors of the seashore.
Ezekiel 25:17 I will punish them severely and angrily; and they will know that I am God when I take revenge on them.

Ezekiel 26:1 In the eleventh year, on the first day of the month, God's message came to me.
Ezekiel 26:2 Human, because Tyre has said against Jerusalem, "Aha, she is destroyed, the one who was the door to the nations: she has come to me: I will grow rich, now that she is ruined:"
Ezekiel 26:3 So this is what God says: Look, I am against you, O Tyre, and I will bring many nations against you like the sea brings its waves.
Ezekiel 26:4 They will knock down the walls of Tyre and destroy her towers. I will sweep away her rubble and make her bare like a rock.
Ezekiel 26:5 It will be a place to spread nets in the sea, because I said so, says God; and it will be taken by other countries.
Ezekiel 26:6 Her daughters in the field will be killed by the sword; and they will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 26:7 For this is what God says: I will send Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, a powerful king, from the north with horses, chariots, cavalry, troops, and a large army to attack Tyre.
Ezekiel 26:8 He will kill your daughters in the field with a sword; he will build a fort against you, pile up earth against you, and raise a shield against you.
Ezekiel 26:9 He will position war machines against your walls, and with his axes, he will destroy your towers.
Ezekiel 26:10 Because of his many horses, their dust will cover you. Your walls will shake from the sound of horsemen, wheels, and chariots when he enters your gates, like people enter a city that has been broken into.
Ezekiel 26:11 His horses' hooves will stomp all over your streets; he will kill your people with the sword, and your strong defenses will be destroyed.
Ezekiel 26:12 They will take your wealth and steal your goods. They will tear down your walls and ruin your nice homes. They will throw your stones, wood, and dirt into the water.
Ezekiel 26:13 I will stop the sound of your songs; no one will hear your harps anymore.
Ezekiel 26:14 I will turn you into a bare rock: you will become a spot to dry fishing nets; you will never be rebuilt: because I, God, have said so, declares God.
Ezekiel 26:15 This is what God says to Tyre: Won't the islands tremble at the noise of your collapse, when the injured moan, when there's killing in your streets?
Ezekiel 26:16 All the sea leaders will step down from their thrones, take off their robes, and remove their fancy clothes. They will dress with fear, sit on the ground, shake all the time, and be amazed at you.
Ezekiel 26:17 They will mourn for you and say, "How are you ruined, once home to sea people, the famous city, strong on the ocean, you and your people, spreading fear to all who visited!"
Ezekiel 26:18 The islands will shake on the day you fall; even the islands in the sea will be scared when you leave.
Ezekiel 26:19 For this is what God says: When I make you an empty city, like those cities that no one lives in; when I bring the deep waters over you and the great waters cover you;
Ezekiel 26:20 When I bring you down with those going into the deep hole, with ancient peoples, and put you in the earth's depths, in long-desolate places, with those going into the deep hole, so you will not be lived in; and I will show greatness in the land of the living.
Ezekiel 26:21 I will turn you into a horror, and you will cease to exist: even if people look for you, you will never be found again, says God.

Ezekiel 27:1 God spoke to me again and said,
Ezekiel 27:2 Now, you human, sing a sad song for Tyre.
Ezekiel 27:3 Tell the city of Tyre, you who are located by the sea gateway and trade with many islands, "God says: O Tyre, you claim to be perfectly beautiful."
Ezekiel 27:4 Your borders are surrounded by the seas, your builders have made you very beautiful.
Ezekiel 27:5 They made all your ship planks from Senir's fir trees; they took Lebanon's cedars to make masts for you.
Ezekiel 27:6 They made your oars from the Bashan oaks; your seats are carved ivory from the Ashurites, brought from the islands of Chittim.
Ezekiel 27:7 You used fine linen and embroidered fabric from Egypt for your sail; blue and purple from the Elishah islands were your covers.
Ezekiel 27:8 The people of Zidon and Arvad sailed your ships; the skilled men of Tyre in you were your captains.
Ezekiel 27:9 The elders of Gebal and its skilled people were in you to seal your ships: all the sea's ships and their sailors were there to trade your goods.
Ezekiel 27:10 People from Persia, Lud, and Phut were in your army, your warriors: they carried shields and helmets; they made you look splendid.
Ezekiel 27:11 The soldiers from Arvad and your army were on your walls all around, and the warriors were in your towers. They put their shields on your walls all around; they made your city very beautiful.
Ezekiel 27:12 Tarshish traded with you because you had many riches; they exchanged silver, iron, tin, and lead for your goods.
Ezekiel 27:13 Javan, Tubal, and Meshech were your traders; they exchanged people and bronze items in your market.
Ezekiel 27:14 The people from Togarmah did business at your markets with horses, horsemen, and mules.
Ezekiel 27:15 The traders from Dedan traded with you; many islands gave you goods: they gave you ivory tusks and ebony as gifts.
Ezekiel 27:16 Syria traded with you because you made many goods; they exchanged emeralds, purple fabric, embroidered cloth, fine linen, coral, and agate at your markets.
Ezekiel 27:17 Judah and Israel were your traders; in your marketplace they exchanged wheat from Minnith, Pannag, honey, oil, and balm.
Ezekiel 27:18 Damascus traded with you because you made many goods, exchanging them for lots of riches, Helbon wine, and white wool.
Ezekiel 27:19 Dan and Javan traveled back and forth, busy in your markets: shiny iron, cassia, and sweet cane were among your goods.
Ezekiel 27:20 Dedan was your trader in fancy fabrics for carts.
Ezekiel 27:21 Arabia and Kedar's leaders traded with you in lambs, rams, and goats; these were your business partners.
Ezekiel 27:22 The traders from Sheba and Raamah were your traders; they traded at your markets with the best spices, precious stones, and gold.
Ezekiel 27:23 Haran, Canneh, and Eden, and the traders from Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad were your traders.
Ezekiel 27:24 These were your traders with all kinds of goods, in blue fabrics, decorated cloth, and rich clothing in cedar chests tied with ropes among your items for sale.
Ezekiel 27:25 Tarshish's ships sang about you in your market; you were filled and made very glorious on the seas.
Ezekiel 27:26 Your rowers took you into deep waters: the east wind has shattered you in the middle of the seas.
Ezekiel 27:27 Your wealth, markets, goods, sailors, navigators, ship repairers, traders, soldiers, and everyone else with you will fall into the sea when you are destroyed.
Ezekiel 27:28 The areas around will tremble when they hear your pilots' shouts.
Ezekiel 27:29 Everyone who rows, the sailors, and all the sea captains will get off their ships and stand on the land.
Ezekiel 27:30 They will raise their voices against you, cry loudly, throw dust on their heads and roll in ashes.
Ezekiel 27:31 They will shave their heads for you, wear rough cloth as a sign of sadness, and cry for you with deep sorrow and loud cries.
Ezekiel 27:32 During their crying, they will mourn for you, saying, "What city is like Tyre, like the ruined one in the sea?"
Ezekiel 27:33 When your goods were sent out to sea, you supplied many people; you made the kings of the earth rich with your wealth and goods.
Ezekiel 27:34 When you are destroyed by the seas deep in the water, your goods and everyone with you will sink.
Ezekiel 27:35 Everyone living on the islands will be shocked at you, and their kings will be very scared; they will look worried.
Ezekiel 27:36 The traders among the people will scorn you; you will be feared, and never exist again.

Ezekiel 28:1 God's message came to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:2 Human, tell the ruler of Tyre, "God says: Because you are proud and claim, 'I am a god, I sit on a god's throne surrounded by the seas,' but you are just a human, not a god, even though you think you have a god's mind."
Ezekiel 28:3 Look, you are wiser than Daniel; no secret can be hidden from you.
Ezekiel 28:4 With your wisdom and understanding, you have gained wealth, and have collected gold and silver for your treasures.
Ezekiel 28:5 With your great wisdom and trade, you have grown rich, and your heart has become proud because of your wealth.
Ezekiel 28:6 So God says, "Because you think you have the same mind as God;"
Ezekiel 28:7 So, I will send foreigners to attack you, the most feared people from different countries. They will use their swords against all that you have made beautiful with your wisdom, and they will ruin your splendor.
Ezekiel 28:8 They will take you down to the pit, and you will die like those killed at sea.
Ezekiel 28:9 Will you still claim to be God in front of your killer? You will be just a man, not a god, at the mercy of your killer.
Ezekiel 28:10 You will die like those who are not part of God's people, killed by foreigners, because I, God, have said it.
Ezekiel 28:11 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:12 Human, sing a sad song for the king of Tyre, and tell him, "God says, 'You are the perfect example, very wise, and completely beautiful.'"
Ezekiel 28:13 You were in Eden, God's garden; you were covered with every kind of precious stone - red quartz, yellow quartz, diamonds, aquamarine, black quartz, and brown quartz, blue stones, green jewels, and red jewels, and gold. Your musical instruments and flutes were made for you on the day you were created.
Ezekiel 28:14 You are the special angel chosen to protect; I made you this way: you were on God's holy mountain; you walked among the fiery stones.
Ezekiel 28:15 You were perfect in your ways from the day you were created until wrong was found in you.
Ezekiel 28:16 Your many products have brought violence inside you, and you have sinned. So I will throw you out from God's holy mountain, and I will get rid of you, guardian angel, from among the fiery stones.
Ezekiel 28:17 Your heart became proud because of your beauty, and you ruined your wisdom with your shine: I will throw you down, and I will place you before rulers, so they can see you.
Ezekiel 28:18 You have made your holy places unclean with your many sins and your dishonest trade. So I will make fire come out from inside you, it will eat you up, and I will turn you into ashes on the ground for everyone to see.
Ezekiel 28:19 Everyone who knows you among the nations will be shocked at you; you will become a horror, and you will never exist again.
Ezekiel 28:20 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 28:21 Human, look towards Zidon and speak against it.
Ezekiel 28:22 Say this, God says: Look, I am against you, Zidon; I will show my greatness in you, and people will know that I am God when I bring justice and show my holiness through you.
Ezekiel 28:23 I will bring disease and bloodshed to her streets; the hurt will be punished by the sword all around, and they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 28:24 Israel will no longer be hurt by thorns or suffer from those who scorn them; they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 28:25 God says, when I bring together the people of Israel from where they are spread out among the nations and make myself holy through them in view of the other peoples, they will live in their own land that I gave to my servant Jacob.
Ezekiel 28:26 They will live safely, build houses, and grow grapes; they will live without fear after I punish all who scorn them around them; and they will understand that I am their God.

Ezekiel 29:1 In the tenth year, on the tenth month, on the twelfth day, God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 29:2 Human, look toward Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, speak against him and all of Egypt.
Ezekiel 29:3 Say this: God says, "Look, I am against you, Pharaoh, king of Egypt, the great monster lying in the rivers, who claims, 'The river is mine; I made it for myself.'"
Ezekiel 29:4 I will put hooks in your jaws, make the fish of your rivers cling to your scales, pull you out from your rivers, and all the fish will stick to your scales.
Ezekiel 29:5 I will abandon you in the wilderness, along with all the fish from your rivers. You will lie in the fields, not collected or gathered. I have made you food for the animals of the land and the birds in the sky.
Ezekiel 29:6 Everyone in Egypt will understand that I am God, because they were like a weak stick to the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 29:7 When they grabbed your hand, you snapped and tore their shoulder; when they leaned on you, you broke and caused their hips to freeze.
Ezekiel 29:8 So God says: "Look, I will bring a sword against you and will wipe out both people and animals from you."
Ezekiel 29:9 Egypt will become empty and ruined; and they will understand that I am God: because he claimed, "The river is mine, and I made it."
Ezekiel 29:10 Look, I am against you and your rivers, and I will turn Egypt into complete ruins, from the tower of Syene to the border of Ethiopia.
Ezekiel 29:11 No person or animal will walk through it, and no one will live there for forty years.
Ezekiel 29:12 I will turn Egypt into a barren land among other barren countries, and its cities will be ruined for forty years along with other destroyed cities. I will spread the Egyptians among different nations and scatter them across various countries.
Ezekiel 29:13 God says, "After forty years, I will bring the Egyptians back together from the places where they were spread out."
Ezekiel 29:14 I will end Egypt's captivity and make them return to Pathros, their homeland; there, they will be a lowly kingdom.
Ezekiel 29:15 It will become the weakest of the kingdoms; it will not rise above the nations anymore because I will make them smaller, so they won't rule over the nations again.
Ezekiel 29:16 The people of Israel will no longer rely on what makes them sin, and they will realize that I am God.
Ezekiel 29:17 In the twenty-seventh year, on the first day of the first month, God's message came to me.
Ezekiel 29:18 Man, King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon made his army work hard attacking Tyre: they lost their hair and injured their shoulders, but he and his army got nothing from Tyre for their effort.
Ezekiel 29:19 So God says, "Look, I will give Egypt to Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon. He will take their people, their wealth, and their goods as payment for his army."
Ezekiel 29:20 I have rewarded him with the land of Egypt for his work, because they worked for me, says God.
Ezekiel 29:21 On that day, I will make Israel's power grow, and I will let you speak freely among them; then they will know that I am God.

Ezekiel 30:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 30:2 Human, speak God's message: Cry out, 'What a terrible day!'
Ezekiel 30:3 The day is coming soon, even God's day is close, a dark day; it will be the time for non-believers.
Ezekiel 30:4 A sword will come to Egypt, and Ethiopia will be in great pain when people are killed in Egypt, their crowds taken, and their strong bases destroyed.
Ezekiel 30:5 Ethiopia, Libya, Lydia, all mixed peoples, Chub, and allies will fall by the sword together.
Ezekiel 30:6 God says, "Those who support Egypt will fall; their great power will be brought low. They will fall by the sword from the stronghold of Syene," says God.
Ezekiel 30:7 They will be empty among empty lands, and her cities will be among ruined cities.
Ezekiel 30:8 They will know that I am God when I start a fire in Egypt and all her allies are ruined.
Ezekiel 30:9 On that day, I will send messengers in ships to scare the unprepared Ethiopians, and they will feel great pain like in the time of Egypt, because look, it's coming.
Ezekiel 30:10 God says, I will also end the large number of people in Egypt by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon.
Ezekiel 30:11 He, his people, and the fiercest from different nations will come to destroy the land. They will attack Egypt with their swords and fill the land with the dead.
Ezekiel 30:12 I will dry up the rivers and hand the land over to the wicked; I will turn the land empty, along with everything in it, through strangers. I, God, have said this.
Ezekiel 30:13 God says, I will destroy the idols and stop their images in Noph; there will be no more a prince in Egypt, and I will bring fear to Egypt.
Ezekiel 30:14 I will make Pathros empty, and I will start a fire in Zoan, and I will carry out judgements in No.
Ezekiel 30:15 I will pour out my anger on Sin, the fortress of Egypt; and I will destroy the many people of No.
Ezekiel 30:16 I will start a fire in Egypt: Sin will be in great pain, No will be torn apart, and Noph will suffer every day.
Ezekiel 30:17 The young men of Aven and Pibeseth will die by the sword, and these cities will be taken captive.
Ezekiel 30:18 In Tehaphnehes too, the day will turn dark when I break Egypt's chains. Its proud power will end, a cloud will cover it, and its towns will be taken captive.
Ezekiel 30:19 I will carry out punishments in Egypt, and they will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 30:20 In the eleventh year, on the first day of the first month, God's message came to me.
Ezekiel 30:21 Human, I have made Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, weak; his power will not be restored, he won't be healed or able to use his strength to fight.
Ezekiel 30:22 So God says: I am against the king of Egypt, Pharaoh. I will break his powerful arms, both the strong one and the already broken one, and make him drop his sword.
Ezekiel 30:23 I will spread the Egyptians among different nations and scatter them throughout the countries.
Ezekiel 30:24 I will make the king of Babylon strong and give him my sword, but I will break the power of Pharaoh, and he will moan in front of him like someone fatally injured.
Ezekiel 30:25 I will give strength to Babylon's king, while Egypt's pharaoh will lose power; they will realize I am God when I give my sword to Babylon's king to use against Egypt.
Ezekiel 30:26 I will spread the Egyptians among the nations and scatter them in different countries; then they will understand that I am God.

Ezekiel 31:1 In the eleventh year, on the first day of the third month, God gave me a message, saying.
Ezekiel 31:2 Human, talk to Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and his people; who are you similar to in your greatness?
Ezekiel 31:3 Look, the Assyrian was like a tall cedar tree in Lebanon with beautiful branches, and a large, shadowy covering; he was very tall, and his top reached into the dense branches.
Ezekiel 31:4 Water made him strong, the depths lifted him up with rivers flowing around his roots, sending streams to all the trees in the area.
Ezekiel 31:5 So he grew taller than all the other trees, his branches spread out, and they got longer because there was plenty of water.
Ezekiel 31:6 Every bird in the sky nested in his branches, all the field animals gave birth under his branches, and all great peoples lived in his shade.
Ezekiel 31:7 He was beautiful in his size, with long branches, because his roots were near much water.
Ezekiel 31:8 God's garden cedars couldn't hide him: his branches were unlike the fir trees, and his boughs unlike the chestnut trees; no tree in God's garden matched his beauty.
Ezekiel 31:9 I have made him beautiful with many branches, so that all the trees of Eden in God's garden were jealous of him.
Ezekiel 31:10 So God says: Because you became very tall and your top grew among the thick branches, and your heart became proud because of your height;
Ezekiel 31:11 So I handed him over to a strong nation's leader; he will punish him. I expelled him because of his evil ways.
Ezekiel 31:12 Foreigners, the fierce ones from different countries, cut him down and abandoned him. On the mountains and in all the valleys his branches lie fallen, and his limbs are broken by all the rivers of the land. All the earth's people left his shade and left him alone.
Ezekiel 31:13 All the birds of the sky will stay on his ruins, and all the animals of the field will be on his branches.
Ezekiel 31:14 So that no trees by the water become proud of their height, or grow their tops high among dense branches, and no watered trees stand tall in their height; they are all doomed to die, to go down to the earth's depths, among people, with those who sink to the grave.
Ezekiel 31:15 God says, "On the day he died, I made people mourn. I hid the ocean for him, stopped its floods, and the big waters stopped. I made Lebanon sad for him, and all the trees in the field felt weak for him."
Ezekiel 31:16 I caused countries to tremble when they heard he had fallen. When I threw him down to the grave with those going into the deep pit, all the good trees of Eden and the finest ones from Lebanon, all that need water, felt better deep in the ground.
Ezekiel 31:17 They also went down to the grave with him, to those killed by the sword; and those who supported him, who lived in his protection among the nations.
Ezekiel 31:18 Who are you like in beauty and size among the Eden trees? But you will be cut down and lie below the earth with the Eden trees and the dead who were killed by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his people, says God.

Ezekiel 32:1 In the twelfth year, on the first day of the twelfth month, God spoke to me.
Ezekiel 32:2 Human, sing a sad song for the Pharaoh of Egypt, and tell him: You are like a strong lion among the nations, and like a large sea creature in the oceans. You came out with your rivers, stirred up the water with your feet, and made their rivers dirty.
Ezekiel 32:3 God says, "I will spread my net over you with a group of many people; and they will pull you up in my net."
Ezekiel 32:4 I will leave you on the land, throw you into the open field, let birds from the sky sit on you, and fill the animals of the earth with you.
Ezekiel 32:5 I will put your flesh on the mountains and fill the valleys with your remains.
Ezekiel 32:6 I will also soak the land where you swim with your blood, up to the mountains; and the rivers will overflow with you.
Ezekiel 32:7 When I make you go away, I will hide the sky and darken the stars; I will cover the sun with clouds, and the moon will not shine.
Ezekiel 32:8 I will turn off all the bright lights in the sky above you and make your land dark, says God.
Ezekiel 32:9 I will trouble many people's hearts when I bring your ruin to nations, to places you do not know.
Ezekiel 32:10 Yes, I will make many people shocked at you, and their kings will be very scared because of you, when I wave my sword in front of them; and they will shake in fear all the time, each person for their own life, on the day you fall.
Ezekiel 32:11 God says the king of Babylon's sword will come against you.
Ezekiel 32:12 Mighty warriors will use their swords to make your crowds fall, even the most feared from all nations, and they will take away Egypt's splendor; all its masses will be wiped out.
Ezekiel 32:13 I will also wipe out all the animals near the big waters; people will not disturb them again, nor will animal hoofs.
Ezekiel 32:14 I will make their waters deep and their rivers flow smoothly, says God.
Ezekiel 32:15 When I make Egypt empty and the land has nothing left that once filled it, when I strike down all who live there, then they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 32:16 This is the sad song that people will sing to mourn her: women from different countries will mourn for her and for the many people of Egypt, says God.
Ezekiel 32:17 In the twelfth year, on the fifteenth day of the month, God's message came to me, saying.
Ezekiel 32:18 Human, cry for the many people of Egypt, and bring them down, her and the daughters of powerful nations, to the depths of the earth, with those who descend into the pit.
Ezekiel 32:19 Who do you surpass in beauty? Go down and lie with those who are not circumcised.
Ezekiel 32:20 They will die among those killed by the sword: she is handed over to the sword: pull her out with all her crowds.
Ezekiel 32:21 The powerful ones will speak to him from the place of the dead, along with his helpers: they have fallen and now lie dead, killed by the sword.
Ezekiel 32:22 Asshur and her group are there; graves surround him, all killed by the sword.
Ezekiel 32:23 Their graves are on the edge of the pit, and her group surrounds her grave: all of them killed, fallen by the sword, which spread fear in the land of the living.
Ezekiel 32:24 Elam and all her people are around her tomb, all killed by the sword, and now lie in the lower parts of the earth, uncut. They spread fear when alive, but now they carry their disgrace with others in the pit.
Ezekiel 32:25 They made her a bed among the dead with her many people: their graves surround her: all of them were not circumcised, killed by the sword: even though they scared people in the land of the living, they carry their disgrace with those who go down to the grave: he is placed among the dead.
Ezekiel 32:26 Meshech, Tubal, and their people are there; their graves surround him. All are uncircumcised, killed by the sword, even though they spread fear among the living.
Ezekiel 32:27 They will not rest with the powerful who have died, those uncircumcised who went to the grave with their weapons of war: they placed their swords under their heads, yet their sins remain with their bones, even though they once scared the strong in the world of the living.
Ezekiel 32:28 Yes, you will be broken among the uncircumcised and will lie with those killed by the sword.
Ezekiel 32:29 Edom, its kings, and all its leaders, with their strength, are with those killed by the sword: they will rest with the uncircumcised and those who go down to the grave.
Ezekiel 32:30 The leaders from the north and all the people from Sidon have gone down with the dead, feeling ashamed of their power. They lie dead, not circumcised, with those killed by the sword, and share their disgrace with those who go down to the grave.
Ezekiel 32:31 Pharaoh will see them and feel better about all his people, even Pharaoh and his whole army killed with the sword, says God.
Ezekiel 32:32 I have brought my fear to the living land: and he will be placed among the uncut with those killed by the sword, including Pharaoh and all his crowds, says God.

Ezekiel 33:1 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 33:2 Human, tell your people, "When God sends war to a country, and the people choose someone from their area to be their lookout:
Ezekiel 33:3 If he sees the sword coming to the land and blows the trumpet to alert the people;
Ezekiel 33:4 If someone hears the trumpet but does not take warning, and the sword comes and takes them away, their own blood is on their head.
Ezekiel 33:5 He heard the trumpet but ignored the warning; it will be his own fault. But the one who listens to the warning will save himself.
Ezekiel 33:6 If the guard sees danger coming and doesn't sound the alarm, and the people aren't warned; if danger comes and takes someone away, that person is taken because of their own wrongs; but I will hold the guard responsible for their death.
Ezekiel 33:7 You, human, I have made you a lookout for Israel; so, listen to what I say and tell them my message.
Ezekiel 33:8 When I tell a bad person, "You will definitely die," if you don't warn them to turn from their bad ways, they will die because of their sins; but I will hold you responsible for their death.
Ezekiel 33:9 However, if you warn the bad person to stop doing wrong and he doesn't stop, he will die because of his sins; but you will have saved yourself.
Ezekiel 33:10 So you, human, tell the people of Israel: You say, 'Our wrongs and sins weigh us down, and we are wasting away because of them. How can we live?'
Ezekiel 33:11 Tell them, as surely as I live, says God, I don't enjoy seeing the wicked die; instead, I want the wicked to stop their bad behavior and live. Stop, stop your evil ways; why do you want to die, O people of Israel?
Ezekiel 33:12 So, you human, tell your people: A good person's good acts won't save him when he does wrong, and a bad person won't be ruined by his badness on the day he stops doing bad. Also, a good person can't stay alive because of his good acts if he sins.
Ezekiel 33:13 When I tell a good person they will live, if they depend on their goodness but do wrong, none of their good acts will be remembered. Because of the wrong they did, they will die.
Ezekiel 33:14 When I tell a bad person they will die but they stop sinning and do what is fair and right;
Ezekiel 33:15 If a bad person gives back what he promised, returns what he stole, follows the rules for living right, and does not sin, he will surely live and not die.
Ezekiel 33:16 None of the sins he committed will be remembered against him: he did what is legal and right; he will surely live.
Ezekiel 33:17 Your people's children say, "God's way is not fair." But really, their own way is not fair.
Ezekiel 33:18 When a good person stops doing what is right and does wrong, they will die because of it.
Ezekiel 33:19 If a bad person stops doing wrong and does what is fair and right, they will live because of it.
Ezekiel 33:20 But you say, "God's way is not fair." O people of Israel, I will judge each of you according to your actions.
Ezekiel 33:21 In the twelfth year of our captivity, on the tenth month and the fifth day, someone who escaped from Jerusalem came to me and said, "The city has been captured."
Ezekiel 33:22 That evening, God's power was on me before the escapee arrived. God had made me able to speak by the time he came in the morning, so I could talk again.
Ezekiel 33:23 God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 33:24 Human, the people living in the ruins of Israel say, "Abraham was alone, and he got the land: but we are many; we are given the land as our own."
Ezekiel 33:25 Tell them this: God says, "You eat meat with blood, look up to your idols, and kill people: do you think you can own the land?
Ezekiel 33:26 You rely on your swords, do terrible things, and each of you dishonors another's wife: do you think you will then get the land?
Ezekiel 33:27 Tell them this: God says, "As I live, surely those in the ruins will die by the sword, the one in the open field I will give to the animals to eat, and those in strongholds and caves will die of disease."
Ezekiel 33:28 I will make the land very empty, and its proud power will end; the mountains of Israel will be empty, so no one will pass through.
Ezekiel 33:29 Then they will realize that I am God when I have made the land very empty because of all the terrible things they have done.
Ezekiel 33:30 You, person, your people are talking about you near the walls and in their homes. They say to each other, "Come, let's hear the message from God."
Ezekiel 33:31 They come to you like a crowd does, and they sit before you as if they're my people. They listen to your words but won't follow them. They act loving with their words, but their heart chases after greed.
Ezekiel 33:32 You are like a beautiful song to them, sung by someone with a nice voice who plays an instrument well: they hear your words, but they do not follow them.
Ezekiel 33:33 When this happens—and it will happen—then they will understand that a prophet was with them.

Ezekiel 34:1 God's message came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 34:2 Human, speak against Israel's leaders, speak and tell them, God says to the leaders: Trouble to you, Israel's leaders, who only take care of yourselves! Shouldn't leaders take care of the people?
Ezekiel 34:3 You eat the fat and wear the wool, you kill the well-fed animals, but you do not take care of the flock.
Ezekiel 34:4 You have not helped the sick get stronger, nor healed the ones who were ill, nor bandaged the ones who were injured, nor brought back the ones who were chased away, nor looked for the ones who were lost; instead, you have ruled them harshly and cruelly.
Ezekiel 34:5 They were spread out because there was no shepherd; and wild animals ate them up when they were spread out.
Ezekiel 34:6 My sheep roamed over all the hills and every high mountain; indeed, my flock spread out across the whole earth, and no one looked for or sought them.
Ezekiel 34:7 So, shepherds, listen to what God says.
Ezekiel 34:8 I am alive, says God, and because my sheep were hunted and eaten by every animal in the field since there was no shepherd, and my shepherds did not look for my sheep but fed themselves instead of my sheep;
Ezekiel 34:9 So, you shepherds, listen to God's message.
Ezekiel 34:10 God says, "Look, I am against the shepherds. I will ask for my sheep back from them, and stop them from feeding the sheep. The shepherds won't feed themselves anymore, because I will save my sheep from them, so they won't be their food."
Ezekiel 34:11 For this is what God says; Look, I myself will search for my sheep and find them.
Ezekiel 34:12 Like a shepherd looks for his sheep when they are spread out, I will look for my sheep and save them from all the places where they have been scattered on a dark and cloudy day.
Ezekiel 34:13 I will take them from among the people, gather them from different countries, and bring them to their own land. I will feed them on Israel's mountains, by the rivers, and in all the places where people live in the land.
Ezekiel 34:14 I will give them good grass to eat, and their sheepfold will be on Israel's tall mountains. There they will rest in a good sheepfold and eat from the rich grass on Israel's mountains.
Ezekiel 34:15 I will feed my sheep, and I will make them rest, says God.
Ezekiel 34:16 I will look for the lost, bring back those who were pushed away, heal the injured, and make the weak strong. But I will get rid of the powerful and rich; I will treat them with fairness.
Ezekiel 34:17 And for you, my sheep, this is what God says: Look, I will decide between one animal and another, between rams and male goats.
Ezekiel 34:18 Do you think it's minor that you've eaten the best grass, but you also crush the rest of the grass with your feet? And you drink clear water, but you dirty the rest with your feet?
Ezekiel 34:19 My sheep eat what you've stepped on and drink what you've dirtied with your feet.
Ezekiel 34:20 So this is what God says to them: "Look, I myself will decide between the fat sheep and the thin sheep."
Ezekiel 34:21 Because you pushed with body and shoulder, and butted all the weak ones with your horns until you scattered them away;
Ezekiel 34:22 I will rescue my sheep so they won't be attacked anymore; I will make fair decisions between one animal and another.
Ezekiel 34:23 I will put one shepherd over them, and he will take care of them, my servant David; he will take care of them and be their shepherd.
Ezekiel 34:24 I, God, will be their God, and my servant David will be a leader among them; I, God, have said this.
Ezekiel 34:25 I will make a peace agreement with them and stop the harmful animals in the land; they will live safely in the wilderness and rest in the forests.
Ezekiel 34:26 I will bless them and the areas near my hill, and I will send rain when it's needed; there will be plenty of blessings with the rain.
Ezekiel 34:27 The trees in the fields will give their fruit, and the earth will give its crops, and the people will be safe in their land. They will know that I am God when I have broken the straps of their yoke and set them free from those who used them.
Ezekiel 34:28 They will no longer be attacked by other nations, nor will wild animals eat them; they will live safely and no one will scare them.
Ezekiel 34:29 I will grow a famous plant for them, and they will not be hungry in the land, nor will they feel the shame from other nations anymore.
Ezekiel 34:30 They will know that I, their God, am with them, and that they, the people of Israel, are my people, says God.
Ezekiel 34:31 You, my sheep, the sheep I care for, are people, and I am your God, says God.

Ezekiel 35:1 Additionally, God spoke to me, saying,
Ezekiel 35:2 Human, look toward Mount Seir and speak against it.
Ezekiel 35:3 Tell the mountain, Seir, "God says I am against you, I will reach out my hand against you, and make you very empty."
Ezekiel 35:4 I will destroy your cities, you will be empty, and you will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 35:5 Because you have always hated them and killed the people of Israel with the sword when they were in trouble, when their wrongdoing ended.
Ezekiel 35:6 So, because I am alive, says God, I will make you face bloodshed, and bloodshed will follow you because you did not hate bloodshed, bloodshed will follow you.
Ezekiel 35:7 I will make Mount Seir very empty and stop anyone from passing through or returning.
Ezekiel 35:8 I will cover his mountains with his dead bodies; dead people will fall on your hills, in your valleys, and in your rivers, killed by the sword.
Ezekiel 35:9 I will cause you to be forever ruined, and your cities will not be rebuilt: then you will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 35:10 Because you said, "These two nations and countries will be mine, and we will take them," even though God was there.
Ezekiel 35:11 So, because I am alive, says God, I will act just like you did in your anger and jealousy that came from your hate against them; and I will show who I am to them when I judge you.
Ezekiel 35:12 You will know that I am God, and that I have heard all the insults you said against the mountains of Israel, saying, "They are ruined and handed over to us to take."
Ezekiel 35:13 You have bragged against me with your mouths and spoken many words against me; I have heard them.
Ezekiel 35:14 God says, when the whole world celebrates, I will leave you empty.
Ezekiel 35:15 Just as you were happy when the land of Israel was empty, I will do the same to you. You will be empty, Mount Seir, and all of Idumea, all of it. Then they will know that I am God.

Ezekiel 36:1 You, person of God, speak to Israel's mountains and say, "Israel's mountains, listen to God's message:
Ezekiel 36:2 God says: Because the enemy has claimed, "Aha, the ancient high places now belong to us,"
Ezekiel 36:3 So, tell them, 'God says: Because they have left you empty and taken you over from all sides, making you belong to the rest of the nations, and you have become the subject of gossip and a disgrace among the people.'
Ezekiel 36:4 So, mountains of Israel, listen to God's message; this is what God says to the mountains, hills, streams, valleys, empty ruins, and the abandoned cities that have become a target and mockery to the remaining nations nearby.
Ezekiel 36:5 So this is what God says: In my fierce jealousy, I have spoken against the remaining nations and all of Idumea because they took over my land with great joy in their hearts and with spiteful thoughts, intending to take it as loot.
Ezekiel 36:6 Predict what will happen to the land of Israel, and tell the mountains, hills, rivers, and valleys that God says: Look, I have spoken in my anger and rage because you have suffered the disgrace of the nations.
Ezekiel 36:7 So God says: I have made a promise, the nations around you will indeed carry their disgrace.
Ezekiel 36:8 Mountains of Israel, you will grow new branches and make fruit for the people of Israel because they will soon return.
Ezekiel 36:9 Look, I am for you, and I will come to you, and you will be plowed and planted.
Ezekiel 36:10 I will increase the number of people in you, all of Israel, the whole place: the cities will be lived in, and the ruined places will be rebuilt.
Ezekiel 36:11 I will increase the number of people and animals for you; they will grow and produce offspring. I will restore your homes as they were before, and I will improve your condition more than it was at the start. Then you will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 36:12 Yes, I will make people, my people Israel, walk on you; they will own you, and you will be their property, and you will not take away their people anymore.
Ezekiel 36:13 God says, "Because people tell you, 'You land, you eat up people and make your nations childless:'
Ezekiel 36:14 So you will no longer eat people or make your nations childless, says God.
Ezekiel 36:15 I will not let others hear the nations shame you again; you will no longer suffer the insults of the people, nor will you lead your own people to fall, says God.
Ezekiel 36:16 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 36:17 Human, when the people of Israel lived in their land, they made it impure with their actions and behavior: to me, their way was as unclean as a woman during her monthly period.
Ezekiel 36:18 So I unleashed my anger on them because of the blood they spilled on the land and the idols with which they defiled it.
Ezekiel 36:19 I spread them among different nations, and they spread across many countries. I judged them based on their actions and their ways.
Ezekiel 36:20 When they went among other nations, they dishonored my holy name because others said, 'These are God's people, and they had to leave his land.'
Ezekiel 36:21 But I felt sorry for my holy name, which the people of Israel had dishonored among the nations where they had gone.
Ezekiel 36:22 Tell the people of Israel, God says: I am not doing this for your sake, people of Israel, but for my holy name, which you have dishonored among the nations where you have gone.
Ezekiel 36:23 I will make my great name holy, which you disrespected among the nations. You have disrespected it among them, and the nations will know that I am God when I show my holiness through you to them.
Ezekiel 36:24 I will take you from the nations, gather you from all countries, and bring you to your own land.
Ezekiel 36:25 I will sprinkle clean water on you, and you will be clean: I will cleanse you from all your dirt and idols.
Ezekiel 36:26 I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you; I will remove your heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh.
Ezekiel 36:27 I will put my spirit in you, and make you follow my rules, and you will obey my decisions, and follow them.
Ezekiel 36:28 You will live in the land I gave your ancestors; you will be my people, and I will be your God.
Ezekiel 36:29 I will save you from all your impurities, and I will make the grain grow more and ensure there is no famine for you.
Ezekiel 36:30 I will make trees and crops grow more so you won't suffer hunger or be shamed by other nations.
Ezekiel 36:31 Then you will remember your bad actions and deeds that were not good, and you will hate yourselves because of your sins and disgusting things.
Ezekiel 36:32 I do this not for you, but let it be known, says God: feel shame and embarrassment because of what you have done, people of Israel.
Ezekiel 36:33 This is what God says: When I have purified you from all your wrongdoings, I will let you live in the cities again, and the ruined places will be rebuilt.
Ezekiel 36:34 The empty land will be farmed, where it was once empty for everyone who went by to see.
Ezekiel 36:35 People will say, "This empty land has turned into a garden like Eden; and the ruined, empty cities are now protected and filled with people."
Ezekiel 36:36 Then the nations around you that remain will know that I, God, rebuild what was destroyed and regrow what was deserted: I, God, have said it, and I will do it.
Ezekiel 36:37 God says: I will still be asked by the people of Israel to help them, and I will give them more people, like a flock.
Ezekiel 36:38 Like a sacred herd, like the herd in Jerusalem during its festivals, the ruined cities will be filled with crowds of people, and they will understand that I am God.

Ezekiel 37:1 God's hand was on me, and he took me out in his spirit and put me down in the middle of a valley full of bones.
Ezekiel 37:2 God made me walk around them, and I saw a lot of bones in the valley; they were very dry.
Ezekiel 37:3 He asked me, "Human, can these bones come to life?" I replied, "God, only you know."
Ezekiel 37:4 He told me again, "Speak to these bones and say, 'You dry bones, listen to God's message.'"
Ezekiel 37:5 God says to these bones, "Look, I will make breath come into you, and you will live."
Ezekiel 37:6 I will put tendons on you, make flesh grow on you, cover you with skin, and give you breath, so you will live; then you will understand that I am God.
Ezekiel 37:7 I did as I was told: and as I spoke, there was a sound, and suddenly a shaking, and the bones moved and joined together, each bone connecting to its matching bone.
Ezekiel 37:8 When I looked, the tendons and flesh grew on them, and skin covered them, but they had no breath.
Ezekiel 37:9 Then he said to me, "Speak to the wind, speak, human, and say to the wind, 'God says: Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe on these dead ones, so they may live.'"
Ezekiel 37:10 I did as I was told, and breath entered them. They came to life and stood up on their feet—a very large army.
Ezekiel 37:11 He told me, "Human, these bones represent all of Israel. Look, they say, 'Our bones are dried up, our hope is gone, we are completely cut off.'"
Ezekiel 37:12 So, tell them, 'This is what God says: Look, my people, I will open your graves and lift you out of them, and take you to the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 37:13 You will understand that I am God when I open your graves and bring you out of them, my people.
Ezekiel 37:14 I will put my spirit in you, you will live, and I will put you in your own land. Then you will know that I, God, have said and done this, says God.
Ezekiel 37:15 God spoke to me again, saying,
Ezekiel 37:16 Also, you human, take one stick and write on it, 'For Judah and the Israelites associated with him.' Then take another stick and write on it, 'For Joseph, which is for Ephraim, and for all the Israelite companions.'
Ezekiel 37:17 Put them together, one to the other, into one piece; and they will be united in your hand.
Ezekiel 37:18 When your people's children talk to you and ask, "Won't you explain what these things mean to us?"
Ezekiel 37:19 Tell them, "This is what God says: Look, I will take Joseph's stick, which is in Ephraim's hand, along with his companion tribes of Israel, and put them together with Judah's stick, making them one stick, and they will be one in my hand."
Ezekiel 37:20 Hold the sticks you wrote on in your hand for them to see.
Ezekiel 37:21 Tell them, 'This is what God says: Look, I will take the Israelites from the nations where they have gone, gather them from all around, and bring them back to their own land.'
Ezekiel 37:22 I will make them one country in Israel's land on the mountains; and they will all have one king. They will no longer be two separate countries or split into two kingdoms ever again.
Ezekiel 37:23 They won't make themselves unclean with idols, hateful things, or sins. I will rescue them from all the places they sinned and make them clean. Then they will be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 37:24 David my servant will be their king; they will all have one shepherd. They will follow my rules and keep and follow my laws.
Ezekiel 37:25 They will live in the land I gave to Jacob, my servant, where your ancestors lived. They, their children, and their grandchildren will live there forever, and David, my servant, will always be their leader.
Ezekiel 37:26 I will make a peace agreement with them that will last forever. I will settle them, increase their numbers, and put my holy place among them always.
Ezekiel 37:27 My tent will be with them; yes, I will be their God, and they will be my people.
Ezekiel 37:28 The nations will understand that I, God, make Israel holy when my holy place is with them forever.

Ezekiel 38:1 God spoke to me and said,
Ezekiel 38:2 Human, look towards Gog of the land of Magog, the top leader of Meshech and Tubal, and speak out against him.
Ezekiel 38:3 Say, God says, "Look, I am against you, Gog, the top ruler of Meshech and Tubal."
Ezekiel 38:4 I will make you turn back, put hooks in your jaws, and bring you out with all your army, with horses and riders, all fully armed, a huge crowd with shields and helmets, all carrying swords.
Ezekiel 38:5 Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya are with them; all are carrying shields and wearing helmets.
Ezekiel 38:6 Gomer and his groups, the family of Togarmah from the north, and all their groups, with many people with you.
Ezekiel 38:7 Get ready and make sure you and all your group gathered around you are prepared, and you keep watch over them.
Ezekiel 38:8 After a long time, you will be visited. In the last years, you will enter the land that has recovered from war, which is collected from many nations, against the mountains of Israel, that have always been deserted. But now it has been taken from the nations, and they all will live there safely.
Ezekiel 38:9 You will rise and come like a storm, you will be like a cloud covering the land, you and all your groups, and many others with you.
Ezekiel 38:10 God says: It will happen that you will get an idea and think a bad thought.
Ezekiel 38:11 I will say, I will go up to the land of open villages; I will go to those who are peaceful, living safely, all living without walls, without bars or gates.
Ezekiel 38:12 To seize loot and capture prey; to strike at the once-empty places that are now settled, and against the people gathered from different countries, who have acquired livestock and possessions and live in the center of the land.
Ezekiel 38:13 Sheba, Dedan, and Tarshish's traders, along with their strong young people, will ask you, "Have you come to take valuable things? Have you brought your group to steal? To take away silver, gold, animals, and other possessions, to take a lot of loot?"
Ezekiel 38:14 So, human, prophesy and tell Gog, "God says: When my people Israel live in safety, won't you realize it?"
Ezekiel 38:15 You will come from your land in the north with many people, all on horses, a large group and a strong army.
Ezekiel 38:16 You will attack the people of Israel like a cloud covering the land. This will happen in the future, and I will bring you to my land so that the nations will know me when I show my holiness through you, O Gog, for all to see.
Ezekiel 38:17 God says: Are you the one I talked about long ago through my prophets in Israel? They said for many years I would bring you against them.
Ezekiel 38:18 When Gog attacks the land of Israel, God says, my anger will show on my face.
Ezekiel 38:19 Because I am jealous and very angry, I have promised that there will be a huge earthquake in the land of Israel on that day.
Ezekiel 38:20 So that the fish in the sea, the birds in the sky, the animals on the land, all small creatures that crawl on the ground, and all people on earth, will tremble before me, and the mountains will crumble, the cliffs will collapse, and every wall will fall to the ground.
Ezekiel 38:21 I will send a sword against him over all my mountains, says God: everyone's sword will turn against his brother.
Ezekiel 38:22 I will fight against him with disease and bloodshed; I will pour down on him, his troops, and the many people with him, heavy rain, big hailstones, fire, and sulfur.
Ezekiel 38:23 I will show my greatness and holiness; I will be recognized by many nations, and they will know that I am God.

Ezekiel 39:1 So, you human messenger, speak against Gog and say, 'This is what God says: Look, I am against you, Gog, ruler of Meshech and Tubal.'
Ezekiel 39:2 I will make you turn back, leaving only a sixth of you, and will lead you from the north to the mountains of Israel.
Ezekiel 39:3 I will knock your bow from your left hand and make your arrows drop from your right hand.
Ezekiel 39:4 You will fall on the mountains of Israel, you and all your groups, and the people with you: I will give you to the hungry birds of every kind, and to the wild animals to be eaten.
Ezekiel 39:5 You will fall in the open field because I, God, have said so.
Ezekiel 39:6 I will send fire on Magog and on those living without worry on the islands; they will know that I am God.
Ezekiel 39:7 I will make my holy name known among my people Israel; I will not allow my holy name to be dishonored anymore. And the nations will know that I am God, the Holy One in Israel.
Ezekiel 39:8 Look, it has come, and it is finished, says God; this is the day I have talked about.
Ezekiel 39:9 People living in Israel's cities will go out, burn the weapons - the shields, small shields, bows, arrows, clubs, and spears - and use them for fuel for seven years.
Ezekiel 39:10 They will not need to gather wood from the fields or cut down trees from the forests because they will use their weapons for fuel. They will take back what was taken from them and loot those who looted them, says God.
Ezekiel 39:11 On that day, I will give Gog a burial place in Israel, in the valley where people pass by, east of the sea. The smell will be so bad it will block the travelers' noses. There they will bury Gog and all his army, and it will be named The Valley of Hamongog.
Ezekiel 39:12 For seven months, the people of Israel will bury them to clean the land.
Ezekiel 39:13 Yes, all the people of the land will bury them, and they will be honored on the day I am glorified, says God.
Ezekiel 39:14 They will choose people for the full-time job of going through the land to bury with travelers the bodies left on the ground, to clean the land. After seven months, they will start searching.
Ezekiel 39:15 Travelers crossing the land, if someone sees a human bone, must then mark it with a sign until the grave-diggers bury it in Hamongog Valley.
Ezekiel 39:16 The city will be named Hamonah. This is how they will purify the land.
Ezekiel 39:17 You, human, this is what God says: Tell all the birds and animals to come together from everywhere to the big sacrifice I have prepared for you on the hills of Israel. You will eat meat and drink blood.
Ezekiel 39:18 You will eat the meat of the strong and drink the blood of the earth's rulers, including rams, lambs, goats, and bulls, all well-fed from Bashan.
Ezekiel 39:19 You will eat until you are full and drink until you are drunk on the sacrifice I made for you.
Ezekiel 39:20 You will be fed at my table with horses, chariots, strong men, and all warriors, says God.
Ezekiel 39:21 I will show my greatness to the nations, and all the nations will see the justice I have done and the power I have used against them.
Ezekiel 39:22 So the people of Israel will know that I am their God from that day on.
Ezekiel 39:23 The nations will understand that Israel was taken as captives because of their sins; they did wrong to me, so I turned away from them and let their enemies defeat them in battle.
Ezekiel 39:24 Because of their dirtiness and bad actions, I punished them and turned away from them.
Ezekiel 39:25 So God says, "Now I will bring back the people of Jacob from captivity, have mercy on all of Israel, and defend my holy name with passion."
Ezekiel 39:26 After they feel their shame and all their wrongs against me, when they lived safely in their land with no one to scare them.
Ezekiel 39:27 When I bring them back from other peoples and collect them from their enemies' lands, and show my holiness through them to many nations.
Ezekiel 39:28 They will know I am their God, who let them be taken captive to foreign lands, but I have brought them back to their own land and have not left any behind.
Ezekiel 39:29 I will not hide my face from them anymore because I have given my spirit to the people of Israel, says God.

Ezekiel 40:1 In the twenty-fifth year of our captivity, at the start of the year, on the tenth day of the month, fourteen years after the city was struck down, on that exact day, God's hand was on me and took me there.
Ezekiel 40:2 In visions from God, he took me to the land of Israel and placed me on a very high mountain where there was something like the structure of a city to the south.
Ezekiel 40:3 He took me there, and I saw a man looking like shiny metal, holding a linen string and a measuring stick, standing at the gate.
Ezekiel 40:4 The man said to me, "Look carefully and listen closely. Pay attention to everything I'm going to show you. You are brought here so I can show them to you. Tell everything you see to the people of Israel."
Ezekiel 40:5 Look, there was a wall outside all around the house, and the man had a measuring stick about ten and a half feet long. He measured the wall; it was ten and a half feet thick and ten and a half feet high.
Ezekiel 40:6 He went to the gate facing east, climbed its steps, and measured the gateway's entrance, which was one reed wide; the other entrance was also one reed wide.
Ezekiel 40:7 Each small room was as long and wide as a reed; there was a space of five cubits between the rooms; and the entrance of the gate near the inner gate porch was also as long as a reed.
Ezekiel 40:8 He also measured the inside gateway entrance, one rod long.
Ezekiel 40:9 He measured the gate's entrance at eight units; the gateposts, two units; and the entrance faced inside.
Ezekiel 40:10 The small rooms of the east gate had three on one side and three on the other; all three were the same size. The pillars on both sides were also the same size.
Ezekiel 40:11 He measured the entrance width, ten units; and the gate length, thirteen units.
Ezekiel 40:12 The area in front of the small rooms was one cubit wide on one side and also one cubit wide on the other side; the small rooms themselves were six cubits wide on both sides.
Ezekiel 40:13 He measured the gate from the top of one small room to the top of another: the width was twenty-five cubits, with doors facing each other.
Ezekiel 40:14 He also made pillars sixty cubits high, up to the entrance of the enclosed yard.
Ezekiel 40:15 From the entrance gate to the inner gate's porch was fifty cubits long.
Ezekiel 40:16 The small rooms, the gate posts, and the curved areas all had narrow windows around them, and windows were all around on the inside too; and on each post, there were images of palm trees.
Ezekiel 40:17 He led me to the outer courtyard, and there I saw rooms and a tiled walkway around the courtyard. There were thirty rooms along the walkway.
Ezekiel 40:18 The ground next to the gates opposite the long sides of the gates was the lower ground.
Ezekiel 40:19 He measured the width from the front of the outer gate to the front of the inner courtyard, a hundred cubits to the east and north.
Ezekiel 40:20 He measured the length and width of the gate of the outer courtyard facing north.
Ezekiel 40:21 The small rooms had three on one side and three on the other; the pillars and arches were like those of the first gate. Its length was fifty cubits and its width twenty-five cubits.
Ezekiel 40:22 Their windows, arches, and palm tree designs matched the size of the eastern gate. There were seven steps leading up to it, and the arches were in front of them.
Ezekiel 40:23 The door of the inside yard faced the north and east doors. He measured from one door to the next, a hundred units.
Ezekiel 40:24 Then he took me to the south side, and I saw a gate on the south. He measured its pillars and its archways by these measurements.
Ezekiel 40:25 The building had windows and arches all around that looked like those windows; it was 50 cubits long and 25 cubits wide.
Ezekiel 40:26 There were seven steps leading up to it, with arches in front: it had palm trees, one on each side of the posts.
Ezekiel 40:27 In the inner yard, there was a gate facing south. He measured from one gate to the other toward the south, a distance of one hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 40:28 He took me to the inner courtyard through the south entrance and measured the south entrance with these dimensions.
Ezekiel 40:29 Its small rooms, pillars, and arches were built to these sizes: it had windows and arches all around. It was 50 cubits long and 25 cubits wide.
Ezekiel 40:30 The arches around were twenty-five cubits long and five cubits wide.
Ezekiel 40:31 The archways faced the outer courtyard; there were palm trees on its columns, and eight steps led up to it.
Ezekiel 40:32 He led me to the inner courtyard on the east side, and he measured the gateway using those measurements.
Ezekiel 40:33 Its small rooms, pillars, and arches were built to these sizes: it had windows and rounded arches all around. It was fifty cubits long and twenty-five cubits wide.
Ezekiel 40:34 Its arches faced the outer courtyard, and there were palm tree decorations on its columns on both sides, with eight steps leading up to it.
Ezekiel 40:35 He took me to the north gate and measured it with these measurements.
Ezekiel 40:36 Its small rooms, pillars, arches, and windows all around: it was fifty cubits long and twenty-five cubits wide.
Ezekiel 40:37 The pillars faced the outer courtyard; each pillar had palm tree designs on both sides, and the stairway to it had eight steps.
Ezekiel 40:38 The rooms and their doorways were by the gate pillars, where they washed the sacrifice that was burned.
Ezekiel 40:39 In the entrance of the gate were two tables on one side and two on the other side, where they would kill the burnt offerings, sin offerings, and guilt offerings.
Ezekiel 40:40 Outside, by the path leading to the north gate entrance, stood two tables; and on the opposite side, near the gate's porch, there were two more tables.
Ezekiel 40:41 On one side were four tables, and on the other side were four tables next to the gate; altogether eight tables where they killed their offerings.
Ezekiel 40:42 The four tables were made of cut stone for the burnt offerings. They were one and a half cubits long, one and a half cubits wide, and one cubit tall. On these, they placed the tools used to kill the burnt offerings and sacrifices.
Ezekiel 40:43 Inside there were wide hooks, secured all around, and on the tables was the meat of the sacrifice.
Ezekiel 40:44 Next to the inner gate, there were rooms for the singers in the inner courtyard, near the north gate, and they faced south. There was also a room beside the east gate that faced north.
Ezekiel 40:45 He told me, "This room, facing south, is for the priests who take care of the temple."
Ezekiel 40:46 The room facing north is for the priests in charge of the altar. These are Zadok's descendants among the Levites, who can come close to God to serve Him.
Ezekiel 40:47 He measured the yard, a hundred units long and a hundred units wide, square; and the altar in front of the building.
Ezekiel 40:48 He took me to the entrance of the house and measured the pillars, five units wide on one side and five on the other. The gateway was three units wide on one side and three on the other.
Ezekiel 40:49 The porch was 20 units long and 11 units wide, and he led me up the stairs to it. There were columns by the entrance, one on each side.

Ezekiel 41:1 Later, he took me to the temple and measured the entrance posts, which were six cubits wide on one side and six cubits wide on the other side, the same width as the tent.
Ezekiel 41:2 The door was ten cubits wide; each side of the door was five cubits, five on one side and five on the other side. He measured the length at forty cubits and the width at twenty cubits.
Ezekiel 41:3 He went inside and measured the doorpost at two cubits; the door itself at six cubits; and the width of the doorway at seven cubits.
Ezekiel 41:4 He measured it to be twenty cubits long and twenty cubits wide, in front of the temple, and said to me, "This is the holiest place."
Ezekiel 41:5 He measured the house wall, six cubits high; and the width of the side rooms, four cubits, all around the house.
Ezekiel 41:6 The side rooms were three stories high, one above another, with thirty rooms in each row. They were attached to the wall of the main building, encircling it so they could be supported, but they didn't go into the wall of the main building.
Ezekiel 41:7 The rooms became larger as they went up, with a spiral going up around the house. Because of this, the house got wider as it went up, from the lowest to the highest through the middle.
Ezekiel 41:8 I also saw the height of the temple all around: its side rooms were built on a base that was six long cubits high.
Ezekiel 41:9 The wall's thickness for the outside rooms was five cubits, and the space left over was for the inside rooms.
Ezekiel 41:10 Between the rooms was an open area 20 cubits wide all around the building on every side.
Ezekiel 41:11 The doors of the side rooms faced the open area, one door to the north and one to the south, and the open space was five cubits wide all around.
Ezekiel 41:12 The building in front of the separated area on the west side was 70 units wide. Its wall was 5 units thick all around, and it was 90 units long.
Ezekiel 41:13 He measured the temple, one hundred units long; and the outer area, and the structure, with its walls, one hundred units long.
Ezekiel 41:14 The width of the temple front and the area to the east is one hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 41:15 He measured the building's length next to the private area behind it, including its side galleries, a hundred cubits total, along with the inner sanctuary and the courtyards' entryways.
Ezekiel 41:16 The door frames, the small windows, and the surrounding balconies on their three floors, facing the door, were paneled with wood all around, from the floor to the windows, and the windows were covered.
Ezekiel 41:17 Above the door, to the inside of the house, outside, and along every side of the wall, inside and out, measured accurately.
Ezekiel 41:18 It had cherubim and palm trees, and each palm tree was between two cherubim, with each cherubim having two faces.
Ezekiel 41:19 The side of a man's face was toward the palm tree on one side, and the side of a young lion's face was toward the palm tree on the other side; this pattern was repeated all around the house.
Ezekiel 41:20 From the ground up to above the door, there were images of angels and palm trees, and they were on the temple wall.
Ezekiel 41:21 The temple's pillars were square, and so was the front of the holy place; both looked the same.
Ezekiel 41:22 The wooden altar was three feet high and its length was two feet. Its corners, length, and walls were made of wood. He told me, "This is the table in front of God."
Ezekiel 41:23 The temple and the holy place had two doors.
Ezekiel 41:24 Each door had two panels that could swing open; one pair for one door, and another pair for the other door.
Ezekiel 41:25 On the temple doors, they carved cherubim and palm trees like those on the walls, and there were solid beams on the outside of the front porch.
Ezekiel 41:26 There were small windows and palm trees on both sides, along the porch, on the side rooms of the house, and heavy beams.

Ezekiel 42:1 He led me out to the outer courtyard to the north and took me to the room facing the special area, in front of the north-facing building.
Ezekiel 42:2 The north door was 100 cubits long and 50 cubits wide.
Ezekiel 42:3 Opposite the twenty cubits reserved for the inner courtyard, and opposite the pavement for the outer courtyard, there was a three-story gallery facing another gallery.
Ezekiel 42:4 In front of the rooms was a path ten cubits wide inside, one cubit wide; and the doors faced north.
Ezekiel 42:5 The upper rooms were smaller because the walkways were higher than these rooms, the lower, and the middle ones of the building.
Ezekiel 42:6 They had three levels, but no columns like the courtyard columns: so the building was narrower than the bottom and middle levels from the ground.
Ezekiel 42:7 The outside wall, facing the side rooms towards the outer courtyard in front of the rooms, was fifty cubits long.
Ezekiel 42:8 The rooms in the outer courtyard were fifty cubits long, and in front of the temple, they were one hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 42:9 Below these rooms was an entrance on the east side, so one could go into them from the outer courtyard.
Ezekiel 42:10 The rooms were in the thick part of the east side wall of the courtyard, across from the sacred area and the main building.
Ezekiel 42:11 The path in front of them looked like the north-facing rooms, as long and as wide; and all their exits matched their designs and their doors.
Ezekiel 42:12 Near the south-facing rooms, there was an entrance at the beginning of the path, the path that leads straight past the eastern wall as you go into them.
Ezekiel 42:13 He told me, "The rooms to the north and south of the sacred area are holy. The priests who come near to God will eat the most holy offerings there. They will also put the most holy offerings, the grain offerings, the sin offerings, and the guilt offerings there, because the place is holy."
Ezekiel 42:14 When the priests go inside, they must not leave the holy area for the outside courtyard. They must leave their special clothes there because they are sacred. They should change into different clothes to serve the people.
Ezekiel 42:15 After he finished measuring the inner house, he took me to the east-facing gate and measured all around it.
Ezekiel 42:16 He measured the east side, five hundred long sticks, all around with the stick.
Ezekiel 42:17 He measured the north side, 500 long sticks, all around with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:18 He measured the south side, five hundred long sticks, with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:19 He turned to the west side and measured five hundred units with the measuring stick.
Ezekiel 42:20 He measured it on all four sides. It had a wall around it, 500 rods long and 500 rods wide, to separate the holy place from the common area.

Ezekiel 43:1 Later, he took me to the gate that faces east.
Ezekiel 43:2 Look, the glory of God of Israel came from the east, and his voice sounded like loud rushing waters, and the earth glowed with his glory.
Ezekiel 43:3 I saw a vision like the one before, when I came to destroy the city. It was like what I had seen by the Chebar River; I fell face down.
Ezekiel 43:4 God's glory entered the house through the gate facing east.
Ezekiel 43:5 The spirit lifted me up and took me to the inner courtyard; and look, God's glory filled the temple.
Ezekiel 43:6 I heard him talking to me from the house; and the man was standing next to me.
Ezekiel 43:7 He told me, "Human, the spot where my throne rests, and where my feet touch the ground, is where I will live among Israel's people forever. My holy name will not be spoiled by them or their kings again, not by their unfaithfulness or the dead bodies of their kings on their sacred hills.
Ezekiel 43:8 They placed their doorways next to my doorways, their doorposts beside mine, with only a wall between us. They made my holy name dirty with the terrible things they did. That's why I have been angry and punished them.
Ezekiel 43:9 Now, let them stop their unfaithfulness and remove their kings' dead bodies far from me, then I will live among them forever.
Ezekiel 43:10 You, human, show the temple to the people of Israel, so they will feel sorry for their sins, and let them follow the design.
Ezekiel 43:11 If they feel sorry for everything they have done, show them the design of the temple, its appearance, all its exits and entrances, and all its details, rules, and laws. Write these down for them to see, so they can follow the complete design and all the rules and obey them.
Ezekiel 43:12 This is the rule for the temple: The entire area on the mountain top around it will be very holy. This is the rule for the temple.
Ezekiel 43:13 These are the altar's dimensions in units: A unit is a unit plus the width of a hand; the base shall be a unit long and a unit wide, and its surrounding edge shall be the width of a hand; and this will be the top part of the altar.
Ezekiel 43:14 From the floor to the lower ledge will be about three feet high and one and a half feet wide; and from the small ledge to the large ledge, it will be about six feet high and one and a half feet wide.
Ezekiel 43:15 The altar will be four cubits high; and there will be four horns extending upward from the altar.
Ezekiel 43:16 The altar will be twelve cubits long and twelve cubits wide, forming a square at each of its four corners.
Ezekiel 43:17 The platform will be fourteen cubits long and fourteen wide on all four sides; the edge around it will be half a cubit wide; the base will be a cubit all around; and its steps will face east.
Ezekiel 43:18 He told me, "Human, this is what God says: These are the rules for the altar when it's built, to burn offerings on it and to splash blood on it."
Ezekiel 43:19 You must give the Levite priests from Zadok's descendants, who come to serve me, a young bull for a sin sacrifice, says God.
Ezekiel 43:20 Take some of its blood and put it on the four horns, on the four corners of the altar, and around the edge. This will clean and purify it.
Ezekiel 43:21 You must take the bull used for the sin offering and burn it in the designated area outside the holy place.
Ezekiel 43:22 On the second day, you must offer a perfect young goat for a sin offering, and they will clean the altar like they did with the young bull.
Ezekiel 43:23 After you finish purifying, offer a young bull and a sheep, both without any faults.
Ezekiel 43:24 You will present them before God, and the priests will sprinkle salt on them, and they will make them a burnt offering to God.
Ezekiel 43:25 For seven days, you must get ready a goat for a sin offering each day. They must also get ready a young bull and a ram from the herd, both without any faults.
Ezekiel 43:26 They must clean the altar for seven days to make it pure; and during this time, they must also set themselves apart as holy.
Ezekiel 43:27 After these days are over, starting on the eighth day, the priests will put your burnt offerings and peace offerings on the altar, and God will accept you.

Ezekiel 44:1 Then he led me back to the outer sanctuary gate facing east; it was closed.
Ezekiel 44:2 God told me, "This gate must stay closed and not be opened. Nobody will go through it because God, the God of Israel, has gone through it, so it must stay closed."
Ezekiel 44:3 It is for the leader; the leader will sit there to eat bread in front of God; he will go in through the porch of that gate and leave the same way.
Ezekiel 44:4 He led me to the north gate in front of the temple. I saw the brightness of God filling God's temple, and I fell with my face to the ground.
Ezekiel 44:5 God said to me, "Human, pay close attention and look with your eyes, and listen with your ears to everything I tell you about all the rules of God's house and all its laws; notice carefully the entrance to the house and every exit of the holy place."
Ezekiel 44:6 You will tell the rebels, even the people of Israel, 'God says: People of Israel, you have done enough terrible things.
Ezekiel 44:7 You brought outsiders, with unchanged hearts and bodies, into my holy place, making it unclean, even my house, when you offered my food, the best parts and the blood, breaking my agreement because of all your terrible acts.
Ezekiel 44:8 You did not take care of my sacred things; instead, you chose people to take care of my sacred place for your own benefit.
Ezekiel 44:9 God says: No foreigner, not loyal in heart or body, will enter my holy place among the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 44:10 The Levites who turned away from me when Israel followed other gods; they must carry their guilt.
Ezekiel 44:11 They will serve in my holy place, take care of the doors of the temple, and help in the temple: they will kill the burnt offerings and sacrifices for the people, and they will stand before the people to serve them.
Ezekiel 44:12 Because they served them near their idols and made the people of Israel do wrong, I have raised my hand against them, says God, and they will be responsible for their sins.
Ezekiel 44:13 They must not come close to me to serve as priests or approach any of my sacred things or the most holy place. Instead, they must face the embarrassment and the wrong things they have done.
Ezekiel 44:14 But I will make them responsible for taking care of the house, for all its work, and for everything that is done inside it.
Ezekiel 44:15 The priests, the Levites, the sons of Zadok, who took care of my holy place when the Israelites turned away from me, will come close to me to serve me. They will stand before me to give me the fat and the blood, says God.
Ezekiel 44:16 They will go into my holy place, they will come close to my table to serve me, and they will follow my commands.
Ezekiel 44:17 When they go through the gates of the inner courtyard, they must wear linen clothes; no wool is to be on them while they serve inside the inner gates and area.
Ezekiel 44:18 They should wear linen hats on their heads and linen underpants around their waists; they must not wear anything that makes them sweat.
Ezekiel 44:19 When they go out to the outer courtyard, to meet the people, they must take off the clothes they wore to serve and leave them in the holy rooms. Then they must wear other clothes so they don't make the people holy with their clothes.
Ezekiel 44:20 They must not shave their heads or let their hair grow long but should only trim their hair.
Ezekiel 44:21 Priests must not drink wine before they go into the inner courtyard.
Ezekiel 44:22 They must not marry a widow or a divorced woman, but only young women from Israel, or a widow who was married to a priest before.
Ezekiel 44:23 They will teach my people the difference between what is holy and what is not holy, and help them to tell apart what is unclean and what is clean.
Ezekiel 44:24 When there is a dispute, they will serve as judges; they will make decisions using my rules. They must follow my laws and instructions during all my gatherings and respect my Sabbaths.
Ezekiel 44:25 They must not touch a dead body and become unclean, except for their father, mother, son, daughter, brother, or a sister who was not married, for these they can become unclean.
Ezekiel 44:26 After he is clean, they will count seven days for him.
Ezekiel 44:27 On the day he enters the inner part of the holy place to serve, he must bring his sin offering, says God.
Ezekiel 44:28 It will be their inheritance: I am their inheritance. You must not give them any property in Israel: I am their property.
Ezekiel 44:29 They will eat the grain offering, the sin offering, and the guilt offering; and all dedicated items in Israel will belong to them.
Ezekiel 44:30 Give the priest the first part of every crop and every offering you make. Also give him the first of your bread dough so he can ask God to bless your home.
Ezekiel 44:31 The priests must not eat anything that has died on its own or been killed by other animals, whether it's a bird or another kind of animal.

Ezekiel 45:1 Also, when you divide the land to inherit it, you must set aside a special gift for God, a holy part of the land. It will be 25,000 units long and 10,000 units wide. All around this holy area will be considered sacred.
Ezekiel 45:2 The sacred area will be a square, 500 units long and 500 units wide, with a 50-unit border around it.
Ezekiel 45:3 Measure an area that is twenty-five thousand units long and ten thousand units wide; this will be the location of the holy sanctuary and the most holy place.
Ezekiel 45:4 The special part of the land will be for the priests who serve in the holy place, and who approach to serve God. It will provide space for their homes and a sacred area for the holy place.
Ezekiel 45:5 The area 25,000 units long and 10,000 units wide will also be for the Levites, who serve at the temple, as their own property with twenty rooms.
Ezekiel 45:6 You must set aside for the city an area 5,000 units wide and 25,000 units long, next to the sacred part of the land. This will be for all the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 45:7 A share of land will be for the leader on both sides of the sacred offering area and the city property, in front of the sacred offering area and the city property, from the west end to the east end. The length will match one of the sections, from the western boundary to the eastern boundary.
Ezekiel 45:8 He will own land in Israel, and my leaders will not oppress my people anymore; they will give the rest of the land to the families of Israel.
Ezekiel 45:9 God says, "That's enough, leaders of Israel: stop the violence and destruction, make fair decisions and act justly, stop taking things unfairly from my people," says God.
Ezekiel 45:10 You must use fair scales, a fair ephah, and a fair bath.
Ezekiel 45:11 The ephah and the bath will have the same size, so that the bath holds one-tenth of a homer and the ephah also holds one-tenth of a homer. Their size will be based on the homer.
Ezekiel 45:12 A shekel equals twenty gerahs. Use twenty shekels, plus twenty-five shekels, plus fifteen shekels, for your maneh.
Ezekiel 45:13 Offer this gift: one-sixth of an ephah from a homer of wheat and one-sixth of an ephah from a homer of barley.
Ezekiel 45:14 About the oil rule, for each oil bath, you should give one-tenth of a bath from a cor, which is the same as an homer of ten baths, because ten baths make an homer.
Ezekiel 45:15 Take one lamb from every two hundred from the rich pastures of Israel for a food offering, a burnt offering, and peace offerings to ask for forgiveness for them, says God.
Ezekiel 45:16 Every person in the country must give this offering for the leader in Israel.
Ezekiel 45:17 It is the leader's duty to provide burnt sacrifices, food gifts, and drink gifts during festivals, new moon celebrations, and Sabbaths, at all special times for the people of Israel. He must arrange the sin sacrifice, the food offering, the burnt sacrifice, and the offerings for well-being to ask for forgiveness for the people of Israel.
Ezekiel 45:18 God says: On the first day of the first month, you must take a young bull with no marks and clean the holy place.
Ezekiel 45:19 The priest will take some blood from the sin sacrifice and put it on the doorframes of the house, on the four edges of the altar's base, and on the doorframes of the entrance to the inner yard.
Ezekiel 45:20 On the seventh day of each month, do this for anyone who sins or who does not understand, to make the house clean.
Ezekiel 45:21 In the first month, on the fourteenth day, you must celebrate Passover, a seven-day festival; eat bread without yeast.
Ezekiel 45:22 On that day, the leader will provide a bull as a sin offering for himself and for all the people of the land.
Ezekiel 45:23 For seven days of the festival, he must make a burnt offering to God every day: seven bulls and seven male sheep that are perfect, and one goat every day for a sin offering.
Ezekiel 45:24 He must offer a food gift of an ephah for a bull, an ephah for a ram, and a quart of oil with each ephah.
Ezekiel 45:25 On the fifteenth day of the seventh month, he must do the same things during the seven-day festival, just like for the sin offering, burnt offering, grain offering, and oil.

Ezekiel 46:1 God says: The gate of the inner yard facing east must be closed during the six workdays. But on the Sabbath, it should be opened, and also on the new moon day, it should be opened.
Ezekiel 46:2 The prince will go in through the gateway's outer porch, stand by the gatepost, and the priests will get his burnt offering and peace offerings ready. He will bow down at the gate's entrance, then leave, and the gate will stay open until evening.
Ezekiel 46:3 The local people must worship at the entrance of this gate on Sabbaths and new moon days, honoring God.
Ezekiel 46:4 The sacrifice the leader gives to God on the Sabbath day should be six perfect lambs and one perfect ram.
Ezekiel 46:5 The grain offering should be an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs, whatever he can afford, and a hin of oil for each ephah.
Ezekiel 46:6 On the day of the new moon, there must be a young, perfect bull and six lambs and a ram, all without any defects.
Ezekiel 46:7 He must bring a grain offering: one ephah for a bull, one ephah for a ram, whatever he can afford for the lambs, and one hin of oil for each ephah.
Ezekiel 46:8 When the prince enters, he will use the entrance of that gate, and he will leave using that same way.
Ezekiel 46:9 When the people come to worship God during the special feasts, anyone who enters through the north gate must leave through the south gate. Anyone who enters through the south gate must leave through the north gate. They should not go back the same way they came in, but leave from the opposite gate.
Ezekiel 46:10 The leader among them must enter when they enter and leave when they leave.
Ezekiel 46:11 During festivals and special ceremonies, offer a bushel of grain with each bull, a bushel with each ram, and as much as you can for each lamb, plus a gallon of oil for each bushel of grain.
Ezekiel 46:12 When the prince wants to give a burnt offering or peace offerings to God by choice, they should open the east-facing gate for him, and he will offer them as he does on the Sabbath. After he leaves, they should close the gate.
Ezekiel 46:13 Every day, you must offer a perfect first-year lamb in a burnt sacrifice to God; do this each morning.
Ezekiel 46:14 Every morning, make a food offering of one-sixth of an ephah of flour and one-third of a hin of oil to mix with the flour. This is to be a regular food offering to God forever.
Ezekiel 46:15 They must get the lamb, the grain offering, and the oil ready every morning for a regular burnt offering.
Ezekiel 46:16 God says, if a ruler gives a gift to his sons, it will belong to them; it will be theirs by right of inheritance.
Ezekiel 46:17 If he gives a servant a gift from his inheritance, it belongs to the servant until the Year of Freedom. Then it goes back to the ruler, but his children keep his inheritance.
Ezekiel 46:18 The leader must not take the people's land by force or push them out of their property; instead, he should give his children land from his own property, so my people aren't forced away from their land.
Ezekiel 46:19 He led me to the side entrance of the gate to the priests' holy rooms facing north. There I saw a space to the west on both sides.
Ezekiel 46:20 He told me, "This is where the priests will cook the guilt and sin offerings and bake the grain offerings, so they don't have to take them to the outer courtyard and make the people holy."
Ezekiel 46:21 He took me out to the outer courtyard and led me to each of its four corners; in every corner, there was a smaller courtyard.
Ezekiel 46:22 In the four corners of the courtyard, there were connected courts, each 40 units long and 30 units wide; all four corners were the same size.
Ezekiel 46:23 There was a row of buildings around them, all four sides, with cooking places built underneath the rows all around.
Ezekiel 46:24 He told me, "These are the kitchens where the temple workers will cook the people's sacrifices."

Ezekiel 47:1 Later, he took me back to the entrance of the temple, and I saw water flowing out from beneath the entrance toward the east, since the temple faced east. The water was coming down from under the right side of the temple, south of the altar.
Ezekiel 47:2 He led me from the north gate and took me outside to the outer east-facing gate. I saw water flowing on the right side.
Ezekiel 47:3 When the man with the measuring line went east, he measured a thousand units, and led me through water up to my ankles.
Ezekiel 47:4 He measured another thousand and led me through water up to my knees. Then he measured another thousand and led me through water up to my waist.
Ezekiel 47:5 Then he measured a thousand cubits, and it became a river too deep to walk across, with water deep enough to swim in, a river that couldn't be crossed on foot.
Ezekiel 47:6 He said to me, "Human, have you seen this?" Then he took me back to the edge of the river.
Ezekiel 47:7 When I came back, I saw many trees along both sides of the riverbank.
Ezekiel 47:8 He told me, "These waters flow to the eastern region, go down into the desert, and enter the sea. When they reach the sea, its waters will become fresh.
Ezekiel 47:9 Everything that is alive and moves, wherever the rivers flow, will survive. There will be a lot of fish because the waters will flow there and heal them; everything will live where the river goes.
Ezekiel 47:10 Fishers will stand by it, from Engedi to Eneglaim; there they will spread out nets; their fish will be of many types, like the fish of the great sea, very many.
Ezekiel 47:11 But its muddy parts and its swamps will not be healed; they will be left to salt.
Ezekiel 47:12 By the river, on both sides of its bank, all kinds of trees will grow for food. Their leaves won't wither, and their fruit won't run out. They will produce new fruit every month because they are watered by a stream from the holy place. Their fruit will be for eating, and their leaves for healing.
Ezekiel 47:13 God says: This will be the border you use to divide the land for Israel's twelve tribes: Joseph will get two shares.
Ezekiel 47:14 You will all receive it as your own: I promised to give it to your ancestors, and this land will become your inheritance.
Ezekiel 47:15 This will be the northern border of the land: it starts from the Great Sea and goes toward Hethlon and on to Zedad.
Ezekiel 47:16 Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, between the border of Damascus and Hamath; Hazarhatticon, near the coast of Hauran.
Ezekiel 47:17 The border starting at the sea will reach Hazarenan, touch Damascus, and extend to the far north, including Hamath's boundary. This is the northern side.
Ezekiel 47:18 Measure the east side from Hauran, Damascus, Gilead, and the land of Israel by Jordan, to the eastern border. This is the east side.
Ezekiel 47:19 The south border goes from Tamar to the Waters of Strife at Kadesh, then follows the river to the Great Sea. This is the south border.
Ezekiel 47:20 The west side will be the big sea from the border to where you face Hamath. That is the west side.
Ezekiel 47:21 You will split this land among yourselves based on the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 47:22 You will divide the land by drawing lots to determine who will inherit it, both for yourselves and for the foreigners who live with you and have children among you. They will be treated like native-born Israelites and will share in the inheritance among the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 47:23 When a foreigner lives with any of your tribes, you must give them their share of land, says God.

Ezekiel 48:1 Here are the names of the tribes. Starting from the northern tip, along the road to Hethlon, towards Hamath, and up to Hazar Enan at the northern border of Damascus, to Hamath's edge. These are the eastern and western limits. This is Dan's share.
Ezekiel 48:2 Next to Dan's land, from the east side to the west side, land for Asher.
Ezekiel 48:3 Next to Asher's boundary, from the east side to the west side, there is a part for Naphtali.
Ezekiel 48:4 Next to Naphtali's border, from the east to the west, a piece of land for Manasseh.
Ezekiel 48:5 Next to Manasseh's boundary, from the east side to the west side, comes a section for Ephraim.
Ezekiel 48:6 Next to Ephraim's territory, from the east side to the west side, there will be land for Reuben.
Ezekiel 48:7 Next to Reuben's territory, from the east to the west, there will be a section for Judah.
Ezekiel 48:8 By Judah's border, from the east to the west, you must give a land offering 25,000 reeds wide, and as long as one of the other sections, from the east to the west. The sacred place will be in the center of it.
Ezekiel 48:9 The gift you give to God must be twenty-five thousand units long and ten thousand units wide.
Ezekiel 48:10 This special gift for the priests will be: 25,000 units long in the north, 10,000 units wide in the west, 10,000 units wide in the east, and 25,000 units long in the south; God's holy place will be right in the center.
Ezekiel 48:11 It will belong to the holy priests from Zadok's descendants, who followed my commands and did not go wrong when the Israelites went wrong, unlike the Levites.
Ezekiel 48:12 The land they offer will be very holy for them, next to the Levites' land.
Ezekiel 48:13 Near the priests' area, the Levites will have a space measuring 25,000 units long and 10,000 units wide. The whole area will be 25,000 units long and 10,000 units wide.
Ezekiel 48:14 They must not sell, trade, or give away the first of the crops, because it is sacred to God.
Ezekiel 48:15 The five thousand area left next to the twenty-five thousand area will be a common space for the city, for living, and for the outskirts; and the city will be in the middle of it.
Ezekiel 48:16 The sizes will be; the north side 4,500, the south side 4,500, the east side 4,500, and the west side 4,500.
Ezekiel 48:17 The city's surrounding land will be 250 units to the north, 250 units to the south, 250 units to the east, and 250 units to the west.
Ezekiel 48:18 The remaining length next to the holy area will be ten thousand to the east and ten thousand to the west. This area next to the holy part will be used to grow food for those who work for the city.
Ezekiel 48:19 Those who work for the city will come from all the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 48:20 The offering must be a square, 25,000 by 25,000 units; give this holy offering with the city's land included.
Ezekiel 48:21 The rest will belong to the ruler, on both sides of the sacred offering and the city property, next to the 25,000 units of the offering on the east edge, and on the west, also next to the 25,000 units towards the west edge, lined up with the ruler's own shares. This will be the sacred offering, and the temple will be right in the center.
Ezekiel 48:22 Also, from the land belonging to the Levites and the land of the city, which is in the middle of the prince's land, between Judah's territory and Benjamin's territory, will belong to the prince.
Ezekiel 48:23 The other tribes, from east to west, will include Benjamin's land.
Ezekiel 48:24 Next to Benjamin's border, from east to west, Simeon will have a share.
Ezekiel 48:25 Next to Simeon's territory, from the east side to the west side, is Issachar's share.
Ezekiel 48:26 Next to Issachar's territory, from east to west, is Zebulun's land.
Ezekiel 48:27 Next to Zebulun's boundary, from the east to the west, is Gad's share.
Ezekiel 48:28 Next to Gad's territory, on the south, the boundary will run from Tamar to the Meribah waters in Kadesh, then along the river to the big sea.
Ezekiel 48:29 This is the land you will distribute by drawing lots to the tribes of Israel for them to inherit, and these are their shares, says God.
Ezekiel 48:30 Here are the city's northern exit points, 4,500 units long.
Ezekiel 48:31 The city gates will be named for Israel's tribes: three gates on the north; one for Reuben, one for Judah, one for Levi.
Ezekiel 48:32 On the east side, 4,500 units long, with three gates: one gate for Joseph, one gate for Benjamin, and one gate for Dan.
Ezekiel 48:33 On the south side, four thousand five hundred units long with three gates: one gate for Simeon, one for Issachar, and one for Zebulun.
Ezekiel 48:34 On the west side, 4,500 units with their three gates: one gate for Gad, one gate for Asher, one gate for Naphtali.
Ezekiel 48:35 The city was 18,000 units around, and from that day on it will be called "God is there."

Daniel 1:1 In the third year that Jehoiakim was king of Judah, Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem and surrounded it.
Daniel 1:2 God let Nebuchadnezzar capture Jehoiakim, the king of Judah, and some of God's house items. Nebuchadnezzar took them to Shinar, to his own god's temple, and placed them in his god's treasury.
Daniel 1:3 The king told Ashpenaz, the head of his servants, to bring some young Israelites from royal families, and young nobles.
Daniel 1:4 Children without flaws, good-looking, wise in all ways, clever in knowledge, understanding science, who could serve in the king's palace, and who could be taught the Chaldeans’ education and language.
Daniel 1:5 The king gave them a daily amount of his own food and wine to eat and drink. He did this for three years so they could be healthy enough to serve him.
Daniel 1:6 Among these were Judah's descendants: Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah.
Daniel 1:7 The head of the eunuchs gave them new names: he named Daniel, Belteshazzar; Hananiah was called Shadrach; Mishael was called Meshach; and Azariah was called Abednego.
Daniel 1:8 Daniel decided in his heart not to make himself unclean with the king's food or the wine he drank. So he asked the chief officer for permission not to make himself unclean.
Daniel 1:9 God made Daniel liked and loved by the chief eunuch.
Daniel 1:10 The official in charge of the servants told Daniel, "I am afraid of the king who has decided what you should eat and drink. What if he sees you looking worse than the other young men your age? Then I could get in trouble with the king."
Daniel 1:11 Daniel spoke to Melzar, who was put in charge of Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah by the chief official.
Daniel 1:12 Test us for ten days: give us only vegetables to eat and water to drink.
Daniel 1:13 Let our faces be examined before you, and the faces of the kids who eat the king's food; and treat us as you see fit.
Daniel 1:14 He agreed to their request and tested them for ten days.
Daniel 1:15 After ten days, they looked healthier and better-fed than any of the young people who ate the king's food.
Daniel 1:16 So Melzar removed their share of meat and the wine they were to drink, and gave them vegetables instead.
Daniel 1:17 God gave these four young people knowledge and skill in all kinds of learning and wisdom, and Daniel could understand all kinds of visions and dreams.
Daniel 1:18 After the time set by the king to bring them in was over, the chief official presented them to King Nebuchadnezzar.
Daniel 1:19 The king spoke with them, but no one was like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, so they served the king.
Daniel 1:20 In every area of wisdom and knowledge where the king tested them, he saw they were ten times better than all the sorcerers and fortune-tellers in his whole kingdom.
Daniel 1:21 Daniel remained until King Cyrus's first year.

Daniel 2:1 In the second year of Nebuchadnezzar's rule, he had dreams that upset his mind, and he could not sleep.
Daniel 2:2 Then the king ordered the magicians, astrologers, sorcerers, and Chaldeans to be called to tell him his dreams. So they came and stood in front of the king.
Daniel 2:3 The king said to them, "I had a dream that troubled me and I want to understand it."
Daniel 2:4 The Chaldeans said to the king in their language, "King, may you live forever. Tell us your dream, and we will explain its meaning."
Daniel 2:5 The king replied to the Chaldeans, "I have forgotten the dream. If you do not tell me what I dreamed and what it means, you will be chopped up, and your homes will be turned into piles of rubbish."
Daniel 2:6 If you tell the dream and its meaning, you will get gifts, rewards, and great honor from me: so tell me the dream and its meaning.
Daniel 2:7 They replied and said, "Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will explain its meaning."
Daniel 2:8 The king replied, "I am sure that you are trying to buy time because you realize I have forgotten the dream."
Daniel 2:9 If you don't tell me the dream, there is only one punishment for you: you have planned to tell me lies and twisted words until things change. So tell me the dream, then I'll know you can explain its meaning to me.
Daniel 2:10 The Chaldeans spoke to the king and said, "No one on earth can explain the king's dream. That's why no king, leader, or ruler has ever asked for such things from a magician, astrologer, or Chaldean."
Daniel 2:11 The king asks for something unusual, and no one else can reveal it to the king except for God, who does not live among humans.
Daniel 2:12 Because of this, the king was very angry and ordered that all the wise men of Babylon be killed.
Daniel 2:13 The order was given to kill the wise men, and they looked for Daniel and his friends to kill them too.
Daniel 2:14 Then Daniel spoke carefully and wisely to Arioch, the captain of the king's guard, who had set out to kill the wise men of Babylon.
Daniel 2:15 He replied to Arioch, the king's captain, "Why is the king's order so urgent?" Then Arioch explained the matter to Daniel.
Daniel 2:16 Daniel went to the king and asked for more time to explain the dream's meaning to him.
Daniel 2:17 Daniel went to his house and told his friends Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah about the matter.
Daniel 2:18 They hoped for mercy from the God of heaven about this secret, so Daniel and his friends would not die like Babylon's other wise men.
Daniel 2:19 Daniel learned the secret in a dream at night. Then he praised the God of heaven.
Daniel 2:20 Daniel said, "Praise be to God's name forever and ever, for all wisdom and power belong to him."
Daniel 2:21 He changes the times and seasons; he removes kings and sets up kings; he gives wisdom to the wise and knowledge to those who have understanding.
Daniel 2:22 He uncovers deep and hidden things: he knows what lies in darkness, and light is with him.
Daniel 2:23 I thank you and praise you, God of my ancestors, for giving me wisdom and strength, and for telling me what we asked of you: you have let us know the king's issue.
Daniel 2:24 So Daniel went to Arioch, whom the king had ordered to kill the wise men of Babylon. He said to him, "Do not kill the wise men of Babylon. Take me to the king, and I will explain the meaning to the king."
Daniel 2:25 Arioch quickly brought Daniel to the king and said, "I have found a man from the captives of Judah who can explain the dream to the king."
Daniel 2:26 The king said to Daniel, also known as Belteshazzar, "Can you tell me the dream I had and explain its meaning?"
Daniel 2:27 Daniel spoke to the king and said, "The mystery the king asked about is something that wise men, astrologers, magicians, and fortune tellers cannot explain to the king."
Daniel 2:28 There is a God in heaven who reveals secrets and has shown King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen in the future. Your dream and the visions you had in your bed are about these events.
Daniel 2:29 O king, while in bed, you wondered what the future holds. The one who shows secrets has told you what will happen.
Daniel 2:30 But for me, I wasn't told this secret because I am wiser than anyone else. Instead, it was so I could explain it to the king and so you could understand what's in your heart.
Daniel 2:31 You, O king, saw a huge statue. This huge statue, very shiny and bright, stood in front of you; and it looked frightening.
Daniel 2:32 The statue's head was made of pure gold, its chest and arms were silver, its stomach and hips were bronze.
Daniel 2:33 His legs are made of iron, his feet are a mix of iron and clay.
Daniel 2:34 You saw until a stone was cut out, not by hands, which hit the statue on its feet made of iron and clay, and shattered them.
Daniel 2:35 Then the iron, clay, bronze, silver, and gold all broke into pieces at once and turned into dust like what you find at the threshing place in summer. The wind blew it all away without leaving a trace. And the stone that hit the statue grew into a big mountain that filled the whole earth.
Daniel 2:36 This is the dream, and we will explain its meaning to the king.
Daniel 2:37 You, O king, are a king of kings because God in heaven has given you a kingdom, power, and might, and honor.
Daniel 2:38 Wherever people live, God has given you power over all the animals on the land and birds in the sky. You are the ruler of them all. You are like the head of gold.
Daniel 2:39 After you, another less powerful kingdom will rise, followed by a third kingdom of bronze that will rule the whole earth.
Daniel 2:40 The fourth kingdom will be as strong as iron. Just as iron crushes and dominates everything, this kingdom will crush and bruise all.
Daniel 2:41 And as you saw the feet and toes made partly of clay and partly of iron, the kingdom will be split. Yet some of its strength will be like iron, just as you saw iron mixed with clay.
Daniel 2:42 The toes of the feet were partly iron and partly clay, so the kingdom will be partly strong and partly fragile.
Daniel 2:43 You saw iron mixed with wet clay, they will mix with people, but they will not hold together, just as iron does not mix with clay.
Daniel 2:44 During the time of these kings, God from heaven will establish a kingdom that will never be destroyed. This kingdom won't be given to others. Instead, it will crush and end all these kingdoms and last forever.
Daniel 2:45 Because you saw a stone cut from the mountain without hands, and it smashed the iron, brass, clay, silver, and gold to pieces, God has shown the king what will happen in the future: the dream is certain, and its meaning is reliable.
Daniel 2:46 Then King Nebuchadnezzar fell to the ground, honored Daniel, and ordered that they give offerings and pleasant smells to him.
Daniel 2:47 The king said to Daniel, "It's true, your God is the most powerful God, the ruler of kings, and shows deep secrets because you could show this secret."
Daniel 2:48 The king made Daniel very important, gave him lots of gifts, and put him in charge of all of Babylon and the leaders of Babylon's wise men.
Daniel 2:49 Daniel asked the king, and he put Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in charge of the tasks in Babylon. But Daniel stayed working at the king's entrance.

Daniel 3:1 King Nebuchadnezzar made a gold statue sixty cubits tall and six cubits wide and set it up on the plain of Dura in the Babylon region.
Daniel 3:2 King Nebuchadnezzar sent for the princes, governors, captains, judges, treasurers, advisers, sheriffs, and all provincial leaders to attend the dedication of the statue he had erected.
Daniel 3:3 Then the leaders, officials, commanders, judges, money keepers, advisors, officers, and all province rulers gathered for the dedication of the statue that King Nebuchadnezzar had raised; and they stood in front of the statue that Nebuchadnezzar had raised.
Daniel 3:4 A messenger shouted, "People, countries, and speakers of different tongues, this is an order for you."
Daniel 3:5 When you hear the music of the horn, flute, harp, lyre, zither, pipe, and all other musical sounds, you must bow down and worship the golden statue that King Nebuchadnezzar has set up.
Daniel 3:6 Anyone who does not bow down and worship will immediately be thrown into a blazing furnace.
Daniel 3:7 So at that time, when everyone heard the music from the horn, flute, harp, and other instruments, all the people from different nations and with different languages bowed down and worshipped the gold statue King Nebuchadnezzar had made.
Daniel 3:8 So at that time, some Chaldeans approached and charged the Jews with a crime.
Daniel 3:9 They spoke and said to King Nebuchadnezzar, "O king, may you live forever."
Daniel 3:10 You, king, have ordered that everyone who hears the music of horns, flutes, harps, lyres, and other instruments must bow down and worship the gold statue.
Daniel 3:11 Whoever does not bow down and worship will be thrown into a blazing furnace.
Daniel 3:12 Some Jews you put in charge of Babylon's work, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, O king, don't respect you. They don't worship your gods or bow to the gold statue you made.
Daniel 3:13 Nebuchadnezzar, filled with anger, ordered Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego to be brought to him. Then, they were taken to the king.
Daniel 3:14 Nebuchadnezzar spoke and asked them, "Is it true, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, that you do not serve my gods or worship the golden statue I have made?"
Daniel 3:15 If you are ready, as soon as you hear the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all music, to fall down and worship the statue I made, good. But if you don't worship, you will immediately be thrown into a blazing furnace. And what God can save you from me?
Daniel 3:16 Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego replied to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we do not need to defend ourselves in this situation."
Daniel 3:17 If this is true, our God whom we serve can save us from the fiery furnace, and He will rescue us from your power, O king.
Daniel 3:18 If not, know this, O king, we will not serve your gods or bow to the gold statue you made.
Daniel 3:19 Then Nebuchadnezzar became very angry, and his face looked different when he looked at Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. So he ordered that the furnace be heated seven times more than usual.
Daniel 3:20 He ordered the strongest soldiers in his army to tie up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego and throw them into the blazing furnace.
Daniel 3:21 These men were tied up in their jackets, pants, hats, and other clothes, and thrown into the middle of the blazing furnace.
Daniel 3:22 Because the king's order was urgent and the furnace very hot, the fire's flames killed the men who took Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
Daniel 3:23 These three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell into the middle of the blazing furnace tied up.
Daniel 3:24 Then King Nebuchadnezzar was amazed and got up quickly. He said to his advisors, "Didn't we throw three tied-up men into the fire?" They replied to the king, "Yes, it's true, O king."
Daniel 3:25 He replied, "Look, I see four men unbound, walking around in the fire unharmed, and the fourth looks like a son of God."
Daniel 3:26 Then Nebuchadnezzar went up to the entrance of the flaming furnace, spoke, and said, "Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, you who serve the highest God, come out and come here." So Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego walked out of the fire.
Daniel 3:27 The leaders, officials, and officers, along with the king's advisors, came together and saw that the fire did not hurt these men. Not even their hair was burnt, their clothes were not damaged, and they didn't even smell like smoke.
Daniel 3:28 Then Nebuchadnezzar said, "Praise be to the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who sent his angel to rescue his followers who trusted in him. They defied the king's command and were willing to give up their lives rather than serve or worship any god except their own God."
Daniel 3:29 So I order that if anyone from any nation or language says something wrong about Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego's God, they will be punished severely, and their homes will be destroyed because no other god can save like this.
Daniel 3:30 Then the king gave Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego higher positions in the province of Babylon.

Daniel 4:1 King Nebuchadnezzar, to all peoples, countries, and languages living on the earth; may you have more and more peace.
Daniel 4:2 I thought it was good to show the signs and wonders that God has done for me.
Daniel 4:3 God's signs are amazing, and his wonders are powerful! His kingdom will never end, and he rules forever.
Daniel 4:4 I, Nebuchadnezzar, was at peace in my home and doing well in my palace.
Daniel 4:5 I had a dream that scared me, and the ideas in my bed and the pictures in my head disturbed me.
Daniel 4:6 So I ordered that all the wise men of Babylon be brought to me to explain the meaning of the dream.
Daniel 4:7 The magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and fortune tellers came in, and I told them my dream, but they couldn't explain what it meant.
Daniel 4:8 Finally, Daniel came to see me, named Belteshazzar after my god, and filled with the spirit of the holy gods: I shared my dream with him, saying,
Daniel 4:9 O Belteshazzar, chief of the magicians, I am aware that you have the spirit of the holy gods, and nothing secret bothers you. Tell me what my dream means that I saw, and explain it to me.
Daniel 4:10 In my bed, I had these dreams: I looked, and there was a tall tree standing in the center of the world.
Daniel 4:11 The tree grew tall and strong, its top touched the sky, and it could be seen from the farthest parts of the earth.
Daniel 4:12 Its leaves were beautiful, it had lots of fruit, and there was food for everyone. Wild animals found shade under it, birds lived in its branches, and all creatures ate from it.
Daniel 4:13 In my dream, as I lay in bed, I saw a messenger, a holy one, coming down from the sky.
Daniel 4:14 He shouted loudly, "Cut down the tree, trim its branches, shake its leaves off, and spread its fruit around: let the animals leave from under it, and the birds from its branches."
Daniel 4:15 But leave the stump with its roots in the ground, held with a band of iron and bronze, surrounded by young grass; let it be damp with the dew from the sky, and share its place with the animals among the plants of the earth.
Daniel 4:16 Change his heart from a human's to a beast's, and let seven periods of time pass over him.
Daniel 4:17 This decision is by the command of the guardians, and the order from the holy ones, so all people may learn that God has power over human kingdoms, and gives them to anyone he chooses, even to the least important people.
Daniel 4:18 I, King Nebuchadnezzar, had this dream. Now you, Belteshazzar, tell me what it means, because all the wise people in my kingdom can't explain it. But you can, because you have the spirit of the holy gods in you.
Daniel 4:19 Then Daniel, also called Belteshazzar, was shocked for an hour, and his thoughts worried him. The king said, "Belteshazzar, do not let the dream or its meaning upset you." Daniel replied, "My lord, the dream is for those who dislike you, and its meaning is for your foes."
Daniel 4:20 The tree you saw, which grew large and strong, reaching high to the sky and visible to the whole world;
Daniel 4:21 Its leaves were beautiful, it had lots of fruit, and it provided food for everyone; animals lived under it, and birds made their homes in its branches.
Daniel 4:22 You, O king, have grown and become strong; your greatness has increased and extends to the heavens, and your rule to the ends of the earth.
Daniel 4:23 The king saw a guardian and a sacred being coming down from the sky, saying, "Cut the tree down and get rid of it, but leave the stump with its roots in the ground, bound with iron and bronze in the young grass of the field. Let it get wet with the morning dew, and share the land with the wild animals, until seven periods of time go by."
Daniel 4:24 This is the meaning, O king, and this is God's command that has come to you, the king:
Daniel 4:25 You will be driven away from people, and you will live with the wild animals. You will eat grass like cows, and you will be covered with the dew of the sky. Seven periods of time will pass by for you until you understand that God has power over human kingdoms and gives them to anyone he chooses.
Daniel 4:26 They said to leave the tree's stump and roots; your kingdom will remain yours after you understand that God rules the heavens.
Daniel 4:27 So, king, please accept my advice: stop sinning, do what is right, and be kind to the poor. Maybe then you will have a peaceful life.
Daniel 4:28 Everything happened to King Nebuchadnezzar.
Daniel 4:29 After twelve months, he walked in the royal palace of Babylon.
Daniel 4:30 The king said, "Isn't this the great Babylon that I built as a royal palace by my mighty power and for the glory of my royal status?"
Daniel 4:31 As the king was speaking, a voice came from the sky, saying, "King Nebuchadnezzar, this message is for you: Your power as king is taken away from you."
Daniel 4:32 They will force you away from people, and you will live with wild animals. You will eat grass like cows, and seven periods will go by until you understand that God rules over the kingdoms of people and gives them to anyone he chooses.
Daniel 4:33 Right away, Nebuchadnezzar's fate happened: he was separated from people, ate grass like cattle, his body got wet with dew, until his hair grew long like eagles' feathers and his nails like birds' claws.
Daniel 4:34 At the end of that time, I, Nebuchadnezzar, looked up to heaven, and my mind came back to me. I praised and respected the Most High. I gave honor to him who lives forever. His rule goes on forever, and his kingdom lasts for all time.
Daniel 4:35 Everyone on earth is considered unimportant: and God does what he wants with the heavenly forces and people on earth: and no one can stop his action, or ask him, "What are you doing?"
Daniel 4:36 At that moment, my thinking became clear again. For the good of my kingdom, my honor and my radiance came back to me. My advisers and my nobles searched for me, and I regained my power over my kingdom, with even greater grandeur given to me.
Daniel 4:37 Now I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise and lift up and respect the King of heaven. All his deeds are right, and his paths are fair. He can humble those who are proud.

Daniel 5:1 King Belshazzar made a huge feast for a thousand of his nobles and drank wine in front of them.
Daniel 5:2 While Belshazzar was drinking wine, he ordered to bring the gold and silver cups that Nebuchadnezzar, his father, had taken from the temple in Jerusalem. He wanted the king, his leaders, his wives, and his mistresses to drink from them.
Daniel 5:3 Then they brought the gold cups taken from God's temple in Jerusalem; and the king, his officials, his wives, and his mistresses drank from them.
Daniel 5:4 They drank wine and praised the gods of gold, silver, bronze, iron, wood, and stone.
Daniel 5:5 Right then, fingers like a man's appeared and wrote on the wall by the lampstand in the king's palace. The king saw the hand as it was writing.
Daniel 5:6 The king's face changed and his thoughts scared him, making his hips shake and his knees knock together.
Daniel 5:7 The king shouted to bring the star readers, the Chaldeans, and fortune tellers. The king said to Babylon's wise men, "Whoever reads this writing and explains it to me will be dressed in red, wear a gold chain, and be the third most powerful in the kingdom."
Daniel 5:8 All the king's smart people came in, but they couldn't read the writing or explain its meaning to the king.
Daniel 5:9 King Belshazzar became very worried, his face showed his fear, and his nobles were amazed.
Daniel 5:10 The queen heard what the king and his nobles said and entered the banquet hall. She spoke, "King, may you live forever. Don't be upset or look so troubled."
Daniel 5:11 In your kingdom, there's a man with God's holy spirit. He was known for his wisdom like that of the gods during your father's time. This man, whom King Nebuchadnezzar, your father, put in charge of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and fortune tellers.
Daniel 5:12 Because Daniel has a great spirit, knowledge, and insight, can explain dreams, solve difficult problems, and clear up questions, let him be brought to interpret this.
Daniel 5:13 Daniel was brought to the king. The king said to Daniel, "Are you Daniel from the captives of Judah, whom my father the king brought from the land of the Jews?"
Daniel 5:14 I have heard that God's spirit is in you and that you have knowledge, insight, and great wisdom.
Daniel 5:15 And now, the wise men and astrologers have been presented to me to read this writing and explain its meaning, but they could not reveal what it means.
Daniel 5:16 I have heard you can explain dreams and solve problems. If you can read this writing and explain it to me, you will be dressed in red clothes, wear a gold necklace, and be the third highest leader in the kingdom.
Daniel 5:17 Daniel spoke to the king, "Keep your gifts for yourself and give your rewards to someone else; but I will read the writing for the king and explain what it means."
Daniel 5:18 O king, the highest God gave your father Nebuchadnezzar a kingdom, greatness, honor, and glory.
Daniel 5:19 Because of the greatness God gave him, all people, countries, and languages were afraid and shook before him. Whoever he wanted to kill, he killed; whoever he wanted to keep alive, he spared; whoever he wanted to raise up, he raised; and whoever he wanted to lower, he lowered.
Daniel 5:20 When he became proud and stubborn, he was removed from his throne and his royal honor was taken away.
Daniel 5:21 He was sent away from people; his mind became like animals' minds, and he lived with wild donkeys. They gave him grass to eat like cows, and his body was wet with the morning dew; until he realized that God, the highest ruler, controls the kingdom of people and chooses whoever he wants to be in charge.
Daniel 5:22 And you, his son Belshazzar, did not humble your heart even though you knew all this.
Daniel 5:23 You have acted proudly against God of heaven. People brought God's house cups to you, and you, your leaders, wives, and girlfriends drank wine from them. You praised gods of silver, gold, bronze, iron, wood, and stone, which can't see, hear, or know. Yet, you didn't honor the God who holds your life and controls your actions.
Daniel 5:24 Then the hand was sent by God, and this message was written.
Daniel 5:25 This is the message that was written: Numbered, Numbered, Weighed, Divided.
Daniel 5:26 God has counted your kingdom's days and has brought it to an end.
Daniel 5:27 You have been weighed on the scales and found not good enough.
Daniel 5:28 Your kingdom is split and given to the Medes and Persians.
Daniel 5:29 Belshazzar ordered, and they dressed Daniel in a red robe, put a gold chain around his neck, and announced that he would be the third highest leader in the kingdom.
Daniel 5:30 That night, Belshazzar, the Chaldean king, was killed.
Daniel 5:31 Darius from Media became the king at about 62 years old.

Daniel 6:1 Darius decided to put 120 princes in charge of the whole kingdom.
Daniel 6:2 Three presidents were in charge, with Daniel as the top one, so the leaders would answer to them and the king would not be harmed.
Daniel 6:3 Daniel was chosen over the other leaders because he had an excellent spirit; the king planned to put him in charge of the entire kingdom.
Daniel 6:4 The leaders and officials tried to find a reason to accuse Daniel about how he ran the kingdom, but they couldn't find anything wrong or a mistake, because he was loyal and no error or fault was found in him.
Daniel 6:5 Then these men said, "We will not find any reason to accuse Daniel unless it is about the law of his God."
Daniel 6:6 These leaders and officials went to the king and said, "King Darius, may you live always."
Daniel 6:7 All the leaders, governors, rulers, advisors, and officers of the kingdom agreed to create a royal law and a strong order that if anyone prays to any god or person except you, O king, within thirty days, they will be thrown into the lions' den.
Daniel 6:8 Now, king, set up the law and sign the document so that it cannot be changed, as is the rule of the Medes and Persians that does not change.
Daniel 6:9 So King Darius signed the document and the law.
Daniel 6:10 When Daniel learned that the order had been made official, he went to his home. With his windows open toward Jerusalem, he knelt down three times a day to pray and thank God, just as he always did.
Daniel 6:11 These men gathered and saw Daniel praying and asking favors from his God.
Daniel 6:12 Then they approached and spoke to the king about his order: "Have you not made a rule that for the next thirty days, anyone who prays to any god or person, except you, will be thrown into the lions' den?" The king replied, "Yes, it is true and it follows the unchangeable laws of Media and Persia."
Daniel 6:13 They replied to the king, "Daniel, from the captives of Judah, does not respect you, king, or follow the law you signed; instead, he prays three times a day."
Daniel 6:14 The king, after hearing this, was very upset with himself and was determined to save Daniel. He tried until sunset to rescue him.
Daniel 6:15 Then these men gathered together before the king and said, "King, be aware that according to the law of the Medes and Persians, no rule or law set by the king can be altered."
Daniel 6:16 The king ordered Daniel to be thrown into the lions' den. Then he said to Daniel, "The God you always serve will save you."
Daniel 6:17 They brought a stone and placed it over the den's entrance; the king sealed it with his ring and his nobles' rings, so that Daniel's situation could not be altered.
Daniel 6:18 Then the king went to his palace and spent the night without eating. No music was played for him, and he could not sleep.
Daniel 6:19 The king got up very early in the morning and quickly went to the lions' den.
Daniel 6:20 When he reached the den, he called out sadly to Daniel. The king spoke and said to Daniel, "Oh Daniel, servant of the living God, can your God, whom you always serve, save you from the lions?"
Daniel 6:21 Then Daniel said to the king, "King, may you live forever."
Daniel 6:22 My God sent his angel and closed the lions' mouths so they did not harm me, because I was found innocent by God; and O king, I have also done you no harm.
Daniel 6:23 The king was very happy for Daniel, and ordered them to lift Daniel from the pit. So Daniel was lifted from the pit, and he was not hurt at all, because he trusted in God.
Daniel 6:24 The king ordered and they brought the men who had accused Daniel. They threw them, their children, and their wives into the lions' den. The lions overpowered them and crushed all their bones before they even touched the den's floor.
Daniel 6:25 King Darius wrote to all the people, countries, and language groups living on the earth; may you have lots of peace.
Daniel 6:26 I order that in all parts of my kingdom, people must shake with fear and respect before Daniel's God, because he is the living God who lasts forever. His rule will never end, and his power goes on forever.
Daniel 6:27 God saves and rescues, and he does amazing things in the sky and on the ground, who saved Daniel from the lions' power.
Daniel 6:28 Daniel did well during the time of Darius and also when Cyrus the Persian was in power.

Daniel 7:1 In the first year of King Belshazzar of Babylon, Daniel had a dream and saw visions while on his bed. After that, he wrote down the dream and explained the main points.
Daniel 7:2 Daniel spoke and said, "In my night vision, I saw the four winds of heaven stirring up the great sea."
Daniel 7:3 Four large animals came out of the sea, each different from the others.
Daniel 7:4 The first looked like a lion with eagle's wings. I watched until its wings were torn off, it was raised from the ground, made to stand on two feet like a person, and it was given a human heart.
Daniel 7:5 Look, another beast appeared, a second one that resembled a bear. It lifted itself up on one side and had three ribs in its mouth between its teeth. They said to it, "Get up and eat lots of meat."
Daniel 7:6 After this, I saw another creature that looked like a leopard with four wings of a bird on its back; this beast also had four heads, and it was given power.
Daniel 7:7 After this, in my dream at night, I saw a fourth beast, very scary and powerful with big iron teeth. It ate and crushed everything, and it stomped on what was left. It was different from all the animals before it and had ten horns.
Daniel 7:8 I looked at the horns, and I saw a new small horn growing up among them. It replaced three of the first horns that were pulled out completely. This horn had eyes like a human and a mouth that said very important things.
Daniel 7:9 I watched until thrones were thrown down, and the Ancient One sat down, dressed in white as snow, with hair like pure wool. His throne was like a blazing fire, and its wheels were like burning fire.
Daniel 7:10 A river of fire flowed and came out from before God. Thousands upon thousands served him, and countless others stood before him. The court was ready, and the books were opened.
Daniel 7:11 I watched because of the loud words the horn was saying: I watched until the beast was killed, its body destroyed, and thrown into the fiery flame.
Daniel 7:12 The other animals lost their power but were allowed to live for a while longer.
Daniel 7:13 In my night dream, I saw someone like a human coming with the clouds of the sky, approaching the Eternal One, and they led him close to him.
Daniel 7:14 He was given power, honor, and a kingdom, so all people, countries, and languages would serve him: his power will last forever, it won't end, and his kingdom won't be destroyed.
Daniel 7:15 I, Daniel, felt sad deep inside me, and the visions in my mind upset me.
Daniel 7:16 I went up to one of those standing there and asked what all this meant. He explained it and helped me understand what these things signified.
Daniel 7:17 These four large animals represent four kings who will come from the earth.
Daniel 7:18 God's holy people will receive the kingdom and own it forever and ever.
Daniel 7:19 Then I would understand the truth about the fourth beast, which was different from all the others, very frightening, with iron teeth and bronze nails; it ate, crushed, and trampled the rest with its feet.
Daniel 7:20 About the ten horns on its head, and another horn that grew, before which three horns were removed; this horn had eyes and a mouth that said very important things and looked stronger than the others.
Daniel 7:21 I saw the horn fighting against God's holy people, and it was winning over them.
Daniel 7:22 Until the Old One came, and the holy people were given the right to judge; and the time arrived for the holy people to take over the kingdom.
Daniel 7:23 He said the fourth creature will be the fourth kingdom on earth. It will be different from all other kingdoms, and it will consume the whole earth, crush it and break it apart.
Daniel 7:24 The ten horns from this kingdom represent ten kings who will come to power: and then another king will come after them who is different from the earlier ones, and he will overcome three kings.
Daniel 7:25 He will say bad things against God, tire out God's holy people, and try to change special dates and laws. They will be under his power for a set time, two times, and half a time.
Daniel 7:26 The court will be in session, and they will take away his power, to completely destroy it forever.
Daniel 7:27 The kingdom, power, and the vastness of the kingdom under all the sky will be given to the holy people of the Most High God, whose kingdom lasts forever, and everyone will serve and follow Him.
Daniel 7:28 This is the end of the story. I, Daniel, was deeply troubled by my thoughts, and my face showed it, but I kept it to myself.

Daniel 8:1 In the third year of King Belshazzar's rule, I, Daniel, had a vision, after my first one.
Daniel 8:2 I had a vision and when it happened, I was in the city of Shushan at the palace, located in Elam. In the vision, I was standing by the Ulai River.
Daniel 8:3 I looked up and saw a ram with two horns standing by the river; both horns were long, but one was longer than the other, and the longer one grew out last.
Daniel 8:4 I saw the ram pushing to the west, north, and south; no animals could stand against him, nor could anyone rescue from his power; he did as he pleased and became powerful.
Daniel 8:5 As I was thinking, a male goat appeared, coming from the west across the land without touching the ground, and this goat had a large horn between its eyes.
Daniel 8:6 He went to the ram with two horns, which I had seen by the river, and charged at it with great anger.
Daniel 8:7 I saw him approach the ram, full of anger, and he struck the ram, breaking its two horns. The ram had no strength to resist him, and he knocked the ram to the ground and stomped on it. No one could save the ram from him.
Daniel 8:8 So the male goat became very powerful. But when he was at his strongest, his large horn broke off. In its place, four important horns grew toward the four directions of the sky.
Daniel 8:9 From one of them, a small horn grew and became very large, stretching south, east, and toward the beautiful land.
Daniel 8:10 It grew big, up to the army of heaven, and it threw some of the army and the stars down to the earth and stepped on them.
Daniel 8:11 Yes, he made himself as great as the leader of the army, and through him the regular offering was stopped, and the sacred place was overthrown.
Daniel 8:12 An army was given to him to fight against the daily offering because of sin, and it threw the truth to the ground; and it acted and succeeded.
Daniel 8:13 I heard one holy person talking, and another holy person asked the one who spoke, "How long will the vision last about the daily offering and the sin that destroys, allowing the holy place and the people to be trampled?"
Daniel 8:14 He told me, "After 2,300 days, the holy place will be clean again."
Daniel 8:15 When I, Daniel, had seen the vision and was looking for its meaning, suddenly, I saw someone who looked like a man standing before me.
Daniel 8:16 I heard a man's voice by the Ulai Canal calling out, "Gabriel, help this person understand the vision."
Daniel 8:17 He came close to where I was standing. When he approached, I felt scared and dropped to the ground. However, he told me, "Know this, human: the vision will happen at the end time."
Daniel 8:18 As he talked with me, I was deeply asleep with my face down, but he touched me and made me stand up.
Daniel 8:19 He said, "Look, I will tell you what will happen at the very end of the anger: because at the set time, the end will come."
Daniel 8:20 The ram you saw with two horns represents the kings of Media and Persia.
Daniel 8:21 The rough goat represents the king of Greece, and the large horn between its eyes stands for the first king.
Daniel 8:22 After it is broken, four kingdoms will rise from that nation, but they will not have its power.
Daniel 8:23 In the later time of their rule, when the wrongdoers have grown completely, a king with a harsh face and skilled in riddles will rise.
Daniel 8:24 His strength will be great, but not by his own strength. He will cause astounding destruction, succeed, take action, and will ruin powerful and sacred people.
Daniel 8:25 With his clever planning, he will make deceit succeed under his control; he will think highly of himself, and using peace, he will ruin many. He will even stand against the greatest leaders, but he will be defeated by no human power.
Daniel 8:26 The dream about the evening and the morning that was described is true. So, keep the dream secret because it will happen far in the future.
Daniel 8:27 I, Daniel, passed out and was sick for some days. Then I got up and went about the king's work. I was amazed by the vision, but nobody understood it.

Daniel 9:1 In the first year of Darius, son of Ahasuerus, from the Medes' family, who became king of the Chaldean land;
Daniel 9:2 In the first year of his rule, I, Daniel, learned from the writings the number of years God told the prophet Jeremiah that Jerusalem would be in ruins, which was seventy years.
Daniel 9:3 I turned to God, to ask for help with prayers and pleas, fasting, wearing burlap, and sitting in ashes.
Daniel 9:4 I prayed to God, my God, and confessed, saying, "Oh God, the great and awesome God, who keeps His promise and kindness to those who love Him and obey His commands."
Daniel 9:5 We have sinned, done wrong, acted badly, and rebelled by turning away from your commands and laws.
Daniel 9:6 We did not listen to your prophets who spoke in your name to our kings, leaders, ancestors, and everyone in the country.
Daniel 9:7 God, you are righteous, but we are ashamed because we have sinned, both in Judah, in Jerusalem, and among all Israel, near and far, in every country where you have scattered us because of our wrongdoings against you.
Daniel 9:8 God, we deserve to be ashamed because we, our leaders, and our ancestors have sinned against you.
Daniel 9:9 God is kind and forgiving, even when we disobey him.
Daniel 9:10 We have not listened to God's voice or followed his laws given to us through his prophets.
Daniel 9:11 Yes, all Israel has broken your law by turning away and not listening to you; so the curse written in Moses's Law has come upon us because we have sinned against you.
Daniel 9:12 He has made his words come true, which he spoke against us and our leaders who judged us, by bringing a great disaster on us. Nothing like this has ever happened under the whole sky as what has been done to Jerusalem.
Daniel 9:13 The law of Moses says all this bad has happened to us. But we didn't pray to God to turn away from our wrongs and know your truth.
Daniel 9:14 So God has been watching the bad things and let them happen to us because God is fair in everything he does; we did not listen to what he said.
Daniel 9:15 And now, our God, who brought your people out of Egypt with great power and made yourself famous as seen today, we have sinned and acted badly.
Daniel 9:16 God, because of your goodness, I ask you to stop being angry with your city Jerusalem, your holy mountain. Our sins and the wrongs of our ancestors have made Jerusalem and your people an embarrassment to everyone around us.
Daniel 9:17 So now, our God, listen to your servant's prayer and plea, and make your temple, that is empty, shine with your presence, for your own sake.
Daniel 9:18 My God, please listen and hear us; look and see our ruins, and the city named after you. We ask for help, not because we are good, but because of your great kindness.
Daniel 9:19 God, hear; God, forgive; God, listen and act; do not delay, for your own sake, my God: for your city and your people bear your name.
Daniel 9:20 While I was talking, praying, admitting my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and asking God for help for his holy mountain;
Daniel 9:21 Yes, as I was praying, the man Gabriel, who I had seen in my earlier vision, came quickly to me just when it was time for the evening offering.
Daniel 9:22 He told me and said, "Daniel, I have come to give you wisdom and insight."
Daniel 9:23 As soon as you started to pray, a message was sent out, and I have come to tell you, for you are very loved. So pay attention to the message and think about the vision.
Daniel 9:24 God has set apart seventy weeks for your people and your holy city to stop their rebellion, end their sins, make up for their wrongs, bring in eternal goodness, complete the vision and prophecy, and dedicate the holiest place.
Daniel 9:25 Understand this: From the time the order is given to rebuild Jerusalem until the leader, the Messiah, comes, there will be seven sets of seven years and sixty-two sets of seven years. The city will be rebuilt with streets and strong defenses, despite the difficult times.
Daniel 9:26 After sixty-two weeks, the Messiah will be killed, not for his own sake. The people of the coming prince will destroy the city and the holy place. The end will come like a flood, and until the war is over, ruins are destined.
Daniel 9:27 He will make a strong agreement with many people for one week. In the middle of the week, he will stop the offerings and sacrifices. Because of widespread wicked acts, he will leave the place empty until the end that is decided pours out on the ruined city.

Daniel 10:1 In the third year when Cyrus was king of Persia, something was shown to Daniel, who was also named Belteshazzar. This thing was true, and it was about a big event in the future. Daniel understood what he saw and what it meant.
Daniel 10:2 During that time, I, Daniel, was sad for three whole weeks.
Daniel 10:3 I didn't eat any good-tasting bread, and I didn't have any meat or drink any wine. I also didn't put any oil on my skin for the full three weeks.
Daniel 10:4 On the twenty-fourth day of the first month, I was by the side of the great river, called Hiddekel.
Daniel 10:5 I looked up and saw a man dressed in linen with a belt of pure gold around his waist.
Daniel 10:6 His body was like shiny green stone, his face shone like lightning, his eyes were like flaming torches, his arms and legs glowed like polished bronze, and his voice sounded like a big crowd.
Daniel 10:7 I, Daniel, was the only one who saw the vision. The men with me didn't see it, but they were so scared that they ran away to hide.
Daniel 10:8 So I was alone and saw this amazing sight, and I had no strength left: for my good looks had faded away, and I kept no strength.
Daniel 10:9 I heard his voice speaking, and when I heard it, I was deeply asleep with my face down to the ground.
Daniel 10:10 I felt a hand touch me, which made me get on my knees and hands.
Daniel 10:11 He said to me, "Daniel, you are deeply loved, understand the words I'm speaking to you, and stand up, because I've been sent to you." After he said this to me, I stood up, shaking.
Daniel 10:12 He then told me, "Don't be afraid, Daniel. Because from the first day you decided to understand and humble yourself before God, your words have been heard, and I have come because of your words."
Daniel 10:13 The leader of Persia's kingdom resisted me for twenty-one days. But then Michael, a main leader, came to help me, and I stayed there with the Persian kings.
Daniel 10:14 I have come to help you understand what will happen to your people in the future: the vision is still for a time far away.
Daniel 10:15 After he said those things to me, I looked down and couldn't speak.
Daniel 10:16 Look, someone who looked like a human touched my lips. Then I opened my mouth and spoke to the one standing in front of me, "Oh sir, because of the vision, I am filled with pain and I have no strength left."
Daniel 10:17 How can I, a servant, speak with you, my lord? I am completely weak and have no breath left in me.
Daniel 10:18 Then someone who looked like a man came and touched me, giving me strength.
Daniel 10:19 He said, "You are very loved, don't be afraid; have peace, be brave, yes, be strong." When he spoke to me, I felt stronger and said, "Please speak, for you have made me strong."
Daniel 10:20 He asked, "Do you know why I have come to you? I will now go back to fight against the prince of Persia. And after I leave, the prince of Greece will come."
Daniel 10:21 I will show you what is written in the book of truth: no one supports me against them except for Michael, your leader.

Daniel 11:1 Also, in the first year of Darius the Mede, I stood by him to support and strengthen him.
Daniel 11:2 I will now show you the truth. Look, three more kings will rise in Persia; and the fourth will be much richer than the others. With his wealth, he will cause everyone to fight against Greece.
Daniel 11:3 A powerful king will rise, who will rule with a large territory and do as he pleases.
Daniel 11:4 When he rises to power, his kingdom will break apart and spread to the four directions of the sky; it won't go to his descendants or remain as it was under his rule: for his kingdom will be uprooted and given to others, not his own family.
Daniel 11:5 The southern king will be powerful, as will one of his leaders; he will become stronger than the king and rule over a vast area.
Daniel 11:6 After some years, they will unite; the southern king's daughter will go to the northern king to form a pact. However, she won't keep her strength, nor will he or his strength last. She, along with her escorts, her father, and her supporter during those times, will be handed over.
Daniel 11:7 From her family's roots, one will rise to take power, bring an army, attack the northern king's stronghold, fight them, and win.
Daniel 11:8 He will also take their gods, leaders, and valuable silver and gold items as captives to Egypt; he will last longer than the king of the north.
Daniel 11:9 The king of the south will come into his kingdom and then go back to his own country.
Daniel 11:10 His sons will rise up and gather a large army. One will come for sure, sweep through and move on. Then he will go back, roused to attack his stronghold.
Daniel 11:11 The southern king will become very angry and will go out to fight the northern king. He will gather a large army, but his army will be defeated.
Daniel 11:12 When he removes many people, he will become proud; he will defeat thousands, but this will not make him stronger.
Daniel 11:13 The king from the north will come back, with a huge crowd bigger than before, and after some years, he will definitely come with a large army and lots of wealth.
Daniel 11:14 During that time, many will oppose the southern king, and your people's rebels will rise to fulfill the prophecy, but they will fail.
Daniel 11:15 The northern king will come, build a siege ramp, and capture the strongest cities. The southern forces won't be able to resist, not even the best troops, nor will they have the power to stand against him.
Daniel 11:16 Whoever attacks him will do as he pleases, and no one can stop him. He will stay in the beautiful country, which he will destroy.
Daniel 11:17 He will determine to come with the full force of his kingdom, bringing with him those who are righteous; this is what he will do: and he will offer him a woman, intending to ruin her: but she will not support him or be on his side.
Daniel 11:18 After this, he will look toward the islands and conquer many: but a ruler will end the insults made by him, making the insults fall back on him without his own dishonor.
Daniel 11:19 He will look toward his country's strongholds, but he will trip, fall, and disappear.
Daniel 11:20 A tax collector will rise to power in the kingdom, but he will be destroyed soon after, not in anger or in war.
Daniel 11:21 A despicable person will rise to power where he was not given royal honors; yet he will gain control peacefully, using smooth talk.
Daniel 11:22 A flood will sweep away everything before him; it will destroy everything, even the leader of the covenant.
Daniel 11:23 After making an agreement, he will act dishonestly: he will rise to power with the help of a few people.
Daniel 11:24 He will calmly enter the richest parts of the land; he will do things his ancestors never did, nor his ancestors before them; he will share the loot, goods, and wealth among them. Yes, he will plan his strategies against the strongholds, for a while.
Daniel 11:25 He will gather his strength and bravery to fight the southern king with a large army; but the southern king, with an even bigger and stronger army, will prepare for battle. Yet, he will fail because they will plan tricks against him.
Daniel 11:26 Yes, those who eat his food will destroy him, and his army will be swept away: many will fall down dead.
Daniel 11:27 Both kings will plan evil and lie while eating together, but they will fail because the end will come at the set time.
Daniel 11:28 Then he will go back to his country with lots of wealth; but he will be against the sacred promise; he will do great things, and return to his country.
Daniel 11:29 At the set time, he will come back and move toward the south; but it won't be like before or after.
Daniel 11:30 Ships from Chittim will attack him; he will be upset, go back, and become angry at the sacred promise. He will act on this; he will go back and work with those who abandon the sacred promise.
Daniel 11:31 Forces will support him, they will corrupt the strong sanctuary, stop the regular offering, and set up the dreadful abomination.
Daniel 11:32 Those who do evil against the agreement will be corrupted by smooth talk, but the people who know their God will be strong and take action.
Daniel 11:33 People with knowledge will teach many, but they will face violence, fire, capture, and loss for a long time.
Daniel 11:34 When they fall, they will get a little help, but many will join them with smooth talk.
Daniel 11:35 Some wise people will stumble to test, cleanse, and refine them until the end time, because it's set for a specific time.
Daniel 11:36 The king will do as he wants; he will raise himself up and make himself greater than any god, and will say amazing things against the God of all gods, and will succeed until the anger is finished: because what is decided will happen.
Daniel 11:37 He will not respect his ancestors' God, the love of women, or any god, because he will consider himself greater than all.
Daniel 11:38 He will honor the god of forces instead of his own god. He will honor a god his ancestors did not know with gold, silver, precious stones, and gifts.
Daniel 11:39 He will act this way in the strongest fortresses with a foreign god, whom he will recognize and honor with glory: he will make them rulers over many and will distribute the land for profit.
Daniel 11:40 At the end time, the southern king will attack him, and the northern king will come like a storm, with chariots, horsemen, and many ships. He will invade nations, sweeping through and conquering them.
Daniel 11:41 He will also go into the beautiful land, and many nations will be defeated: but Edom, Moab, and the leader of the Ammonites will escape from his power.
Daniel 11:42 He will also reach out his hand over the nations, and Egypt will not escape.
Daniel 11:43 He will control Egypt's gold and silver treasures and all its valuable items; Libyans and Ethiopians will follow him.
Daniel 11:44 News from the east and north will upset him; so he will attack angrily to destroy and kill many.
Daniel 11:45 He will set up his royal tents between the seas at the beautiful holy mountain; but he will meet his end, and no one will help him.

Daniel 12:1 During that time, Michael, the powerful prince who protects your people, will arise. There will be a period of great distress, unlike anything that has happened from the beginning of nations until then. But at that time, your people, everyone whose name is written in the book, will be saved.
Daniel 12:2 Many who are in the ground, asleep, will wake up: some will live forever and some will be forever disgraced.
Daniel 12:3 Wise people will shine like the sky, and those who lead many to do right will be like the stars forever.
Daniel 12:4 Daniel, close the words and seal the book until the end time; many will search eagerly, and knowledge will grow.
Daniel 12:5 Then I, Daniel, saw two others, one on each side of the riverbank.
Daniel 12:6 Someone asked the man dressed in linen, who was standing over the river, "How long until these amazing things end?"
Daniel 12:7 I heard the man in linen clothes above the river raise his right and left hands to the sky and promise by the eternal God that there would be a time, two times, and half a time, and after he breaks the power of the holy people, all will be done.
Daniel 12:8 I heard but did not understand. Then I asked, "My Lord, what will happen in the end?"
Daniel 12:9 He said, "Go on, Daniel: the words are secret and sealed until the end time."
Daniel 12:10 Many will be cleansed, made pure, and tested; but the wicked will keep doing wrong: and the wicked won't understand; but the wise will understand.
Daniel 12:11 Starting when the regular sacrifice is stopped and the terrible idol is set up, there will be 1,290 days.
Daniel 12:12 Happy is the person who waits and reaches 1,335 days.
Daniel 12:13 Keep going until the end: you will rest, and then receive your reward when the days are over.

Hosea 1:1 God's message came to Hosea, Beeri's son, when Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah were kings of Judah, and during Jeroboam, Joash's son, was king of Israel.
Hosea 1:2 The start of God's message through Hosea. God told Hosea, "Go, marry a woman who has been unfaithful, and have children with her, because the people have been very unfaithful, turning away from God."
Hosea 1:3 He went and married Gomer, daughter of Diblaim, who became pregnant and gave birth to a son for him.
Hosea 1:4 God told him, "Name the child Jezreel; soon I will punish Jehu's family for the bloodshed at Jezreel, and I will end the rule of Israel's kingdom."
Hosea 1:5 On that day, I will break Israel's bow in the Jezreel Valley.
Hosea 1:6 She became pregnant again and had a daughter. God told him, "Name her Loruhamah, because I will no longer show mercy to Israel’s people; I will completely remove them."
Hosea 1:7 I will show kindness to Judah's family and save them through God, their God. I will not save them with bows, swords, battles, horses, or horsemen.
Hosea 1:8 After she finished breastfeeding Loruhamah, she became pregnant and gave birth to a son.
Hosea 1:9 Then God said, "Name him Not My People, because you are not my people, and I will not be your God."
Hosea 1:10 The children of Israel will be as many as the sand by the sea, too many to measure or count. And where they were told, "You are not my people," there they will be called "Children of the living God."
Hosea 1:11 The people of Judah and Israel will unite and choose one leader, and they will rise from the land, for the day of Jezreel will be great.

Hosea 2:1 Tell your brothers, 'My People,' and your sisters, 'Loved One.'
Hosea 2:2 Ask your mother to change her ways, for she is not my wife and I am not her husband. She must stop being unfaithful and not act like an adulterer anymore.
Hosea 2:3 So I don't leave her bare, put her back as she was when born, turn her into a desert, make her like dry land, and kill her with thirst.
Hosea 2:4 I will not show kindness to her children because they are children of unfaithfulness.
Hosea 2:5 Their mother has acted like a prostitute: the one who gave birth to them has behaved disgracefully. She said, "I will chase after my lovers who provide me with food, water, wool, linen, oil, and drinks."
Hosea 2:6 So, I will block your path with thorns and build a wall so she can't find her way.
Hosea 2:7 She will chase her lovers but not catch them; she will look for them but not find them. Then she will think, 'I will go back to my first husband because it was better for me then than now.'
Hosea 2:8 She did not realize that I gave her grain, wine, and oil, and increased her silver and gold, which they used for Baal.
Hosea 2:9 So I will go back and take back my grain when it's time and my wine when it's due, and I will take back my wool and flax meant to cover her nakedness.
Hosea 2:10 I will now show her bad behavior to her lovers, and no one can save her from me.
Hosea 2:11 I will also make all her happiness stop, her holidays, her new moon celebrations, her rest days, and all her special festivals.
Hosea 2:12 I will ruin her grapevines and fig trees, which she claimed her lovers rewarded her with; I'll turn them into a wild area where wild animals will feed.
Hosea 2:13 I will punish her for the times she worshiped Baal, when she burned incense to them, wore her earrings and jewelry, chased her lovers, and forgot me, says God.
Hosea 2:14 So, I will attract her, take her to the desert, and speak kindly to her.
Hosea 2:15 I will give her vineyards again, and the valley of Achor will be a door of hope. She will sing there like when she was young and when she left Egypt.
Hosea 2:16 On that day, God says, you will call me 'My Husband' and not call me 'My Master' anymore.
Hosea 2:17 I will remove the names of the Baals from her lips, and their names will not be remembered anymore.
Hosea 2:18 On that day, I will make a promise to them with the wild animals, the birds in the sky, and the insects on the ground: I will remove the bow, the sword, and war from the land, and they will rest in safety.
Hosea 2:19 I will promise to be yours forever; yes, I will promise to be yours with fairness, with justice, with kindness, and with compassion.
Hosea 2:20 I will promise myself to you faithfully, and you will know God.
Hosea 2:21 On that day, I will listen, says God, I will hear the skies, and they will hear the land.
Hosea 2:22 The earth will receive the grain, the wine, and the oil; and they will respond to Jezreel.
Hosea 2:23 I will plant her for myself in the land; I will show love to those who were not loved; and I will tell those who were not my people, 'You are my people,' and they will say, 'You are my God.'

Hosea 3:1 God told me, "Go, show love to a woman loved by her friend but who is unfaithful, just as God loves the people of Israel, even though they turn to other gods and love to drink wine."
Hosea 3:2 I bought her for fifteen silver coins, a large amount of barley, and half that amount again.
Hosea 3:3 I told her, "You must wait for me for many days; you must not be unfaithful, and you must not belong to another man; and so I will be for you."
Hosea 3:4 The Israelites will live for a long time without a king or prince, without sacrifices, statues, special priestly clothes, or household gods.
Hosea 3:5 Later, the people of Israel will come back, look for God, and for David their king; they will respect God and his kindness in the future.

Hosea 4:1 Listen to God's message, people of Israel: God has an issue with the country's people, because they lack truth, kindness, and understanding of God.
Hosea 4:2 By swearing, lying, killing, stealing, and being unfaithful, they run wild, and violence follows violence.
Hosea 4:3 So the land will be sad, and everyone living in it will grow weak, along with the animals on the land, the birds in the sky, and even the fish in the sea will disappear.
Hosea 4:4 Let no one argue or scold another, because your people are like those who argue with a priest.
Hosea 4:5 So you will fall in the daytime, the prophet will also fall with you at night, and I will destroy your mother.
Hosea 4:6 My people are ruined because they don't know enough: because you have ignored knowledge, I will ignore you so you won't be a priest to me: since you have forgotten your God's law, I will also forget your children.
Hosea 4:7 As they grew in number, they also sinned against me: so I will turn their honor into disgrace.
Hosea 4:8 They consume my people's sin and desire their wrongdoing.
Hosea 4:9 People and priests will be alike: I will punish them for their actions and repay them for what they have done.
Hosea 4:10 They will eat but still be hungry; they will be unfaithful but not grow in number because they have stopped paying attention to God.
Hosea 4:11 Immorality, wine, and strong drink can ruin good judgment.
Hosea 4:12 My people look for advice from wooden idols, and their walking sticks tell them what to do. They have been led astray by a desire for false gods and have turned away from their God.
Hosea 4:13 They offer sacrifices on mountain tops and burn incense on hills, under oak, poplar, and elm trees, where it is shady and pleasant. As a result, your daughters will become prostitutes, and your partners will be unfaithful.
Hosea 4:14 I will not punish your daughters when they are unfaithful, nor your wives when they are unfaithful: because they themselves keep company with prostitutes and make offerings with them. So the people who do not understand will stumble.
Hosea 4:15 Even though you are unfaithful, Israel, I hope that Judah will not sin. Do not visit Gilgal, do not go to Bethaven, and do not promise by saying, "God lives."
Hosea 4:16 Israel has slipped away like a stubborn cow; now God will care for them like a lamb in a wide open space.
Hosea 4:17 Ephraim is attached to idols: leave him be.
Hosea 4:18 Their drink has gone bad; they are always unfaithful. Her leaders love disgraceful ways.
Hosea 4:19 The wind has wrapped her in its wings, and they will feel shame for their offerings.

Hosea 5:1 Listen, priests, pay attention, people of Israel, and hear this, royal house, because God will judge you. You have been traps at Mizpah and nets on Tabor.
Hosea 5:2 The rebels are skilled at killing, even though I have warned them all.
Hosea 5:3 I know Ephraim, and Israel is not hidden from me: because now, Ephraim, you are unfaithful, and Israel is unclean.
Hosea 5:4 They won't change their actions to return to God because a spirit of unfaithfulness is among them, and they don't know God.
Hosea 5:5 Israel's pride shows clearly, so Israel and Ephraim will fall because of their sins; Judah will also fall with them.
Hosea 5:6 They will go with their sheep and cattle to look for God, but they will not find him; he has pulled away from them.
Hosea 5:7 They have betrayed God: they have had unusual children: now, within a month, they will be destroyed with all they have.
Hosea 5:8 Sound the horn in Gibeah and the trumpet in Ramah; shout loudly at Bethaven, follow you, Benjamin.
Hosea 5:9 Ephraim will be ruined on the day of punishment; I have told the tribes of Israel what will definitely happen.
Hosea 5:10 The leaders of Judah were like those who move boundaries; so I will pour out my anger on them like water.
Hosea 5:11 Ephraim is crushed and judged unfairly because he chose to follow wrong orders.
Hosea 5:12 So I will be to Ephraim like a moth, and to the house of Judah like decay.
Hosea 5:13 When Ephraim noticed his illness, and Judah noticed his injury, Ephraim went to the Assyrian, and sent a message to King Jareb: but he couldn't heal you or fix your injury.
Hosea 5:14 I will be like a lion to Ephraim and like a young lion to Judah's people. I will attack and leave, I will carry off, and no one can save them.
Hosea 5:15 I will go back to my place until they admit their wrong and look for me. When they are in trouble, they will search for me earnestly.

Hosea 6:1 Come, let's go back to God; He has hurt us, but He will heal us; He has struck us, but He will fix our wounds.
Hosea 6:2 In two days, God will restore us to life; on the third day, he will lift us up, so we can live before him.
Hosea 6:3 Then we will understand if we keep trying to know God. His arrival is certain like the dawn, and He will come to us like the rain, like the late and early rains that water the earth.
Hosea 6:4 Ephraim, what should I do with you? Judah, what should I do with you? Your goodness disappears like the morning clouds and the early dew.
Hosea 6:5 So I have taught them through the prophets; I have struck them down with my words; and your decisions shine like the dawn.
Hosea 6:6 I wanted kindness, not offerings; and understanding God above burnt sacrifices.
Hosea 6:7 They, like humans, have broken the agreement; they have betrayed me there.
Hosea 6:8 Gilead is a city of wrongdoers, covered with blood.
Hosea 6:9 Like bands of thieves hiding to attack, a group of priests kill on the path, agreeing together, because they do shameful things.
Hosea 6:10 I have seen a terrible thing in Israel's house: Ephraim has acted shamefully, and Israel is unclean.
Hosea 6:11 Also, Judah, God has prepared a harvest for you when I bring back my people from captivity.

Hosea 7:1 When I wanted to heal Israel, Ephraim's sin and Samaria's evil were revealed because they lied, thieves broke in, and bands of robbers plundered outside.
Hosea 7:2 They don't think in their hearts that I remember all their bad actions: now what they've done surrounds them; they are in my sight.
Hosea 7:3 They please the king with their bad deeds, and the leaders with their lies.
Hosea 7:4 They are all unfaithful, like an oven the baker heats and then stops stoking after mixing the dough until it rises.
Hosea 7:5 On our king's day, the leaders made him sick with lots of wine; he joined in with those who mock.
Hosea 7:6 They prepare their hearts like a hot oven while they wait in ambush. Their anger smolders all night and in the morning it blazes like a burning fire.
Hosea 7:7 They all burn with anger like an oven and have destroyed their rulers; all their kings have fallen, and none of them call out to me.
Hosea 7:8 Ephraim has mixed himself with other people; Ephraim is like an uncooked cake.
Hosea 7:9 Outsiders have used up his energy, and he doesn't realize it; even with gray hair scattered on him, he still doesn't know.
Hosea 7:10 Israel's pride is shown openly, but they still don't turn back to God or look for Him, despite everything.
Hosea 7:11 Ephraim is like a foolish dove with no understanding: they turn to Egypt, they travel to Assyria.
Hosea 7:12 When they go, I will throw my net over them; I will pull them down like birds of the sky; I will punish them as they have been told.
Hosea 7:13 How terrible for them! They have run away from me. They will be destroyed because they have sinned against me. Even though I saved them, they have still told lies about me.
Hosea 7:14 They haven't truly called out to God; instead, they wail on their beds. They gather together for grain and wine, but they turn against God.
Hosea 7:15 Even though I made their arms strong, they still plan to do bad things against me.
Hosea 7:16 They come back, but not to God; they are like a faulty bow; their leaders will die by the sword because of their angry words; this will make them a joke in Egypt.

Hosea 8:1 Put the trumpet to your lips. An eagle swoops on God's house because they broke my agreement and disobeyed my laws.
Hosea 8:2 Israel will call out to me, "My God, we know you."
Hosea 8:3 Israel has rejected what is good; the enemy will chase after him.
Hosea 8:4 They chose kings without my approval, made leaders I did not recognize, and from their silver and gold, they created idols to be destroyed.
Hosea 8:5 Samaria, your calf has rejected you; I am angry with them. How long until they become innocent?
Hosea 8:6 It came from Israel: a craftsman made it; so it's not God. But the calf of Samaria will be smashed.
Hosea 8:7 They planted wind and will get a storm; it won't grow stalks, blooms won't make flour: if it does yield, outsiders will eat it.
Hosea 8:8 Israel is consumed; now they will be among the nations like an unwanted pot.
Hosea 8:9 They have gone to Assyria, like a wild donkey alone: Ephraim has paid for partners.
Hosea 8:10 Yes, even though they hired help from other nations, I will now bring them together, and they will feel some sadness because of the heavy demands of the king of leaders.
Hosea 8:11 Because Ephraim has made many altars for sinning, these altars will become a way for him to sin.
Hosea 8:12 I wrote to him about the important parts of my law, but they were seen as something odd.
Hosea 8:13 They offer meat for my offerings and eat it, but God does not accept them; now he will remember their sins and punish them: they will go back to Egypt.
Hosea 8:14 Israel has forgotten God and built temples; Judah has built many strong cities, but I will set fire to these cities, and it will destroy their palaces.

Hosea 9:1 Do not celebrate, Israel, like other nations, because you have been unfaithful to God, loving the rewards you get on every threshing floor.
Hosea 9:2 The ground and the wine-making place won't provide for them, and the fresh wine will disappoint her.
Hosea 9:3 They will not live in God's land; but Ephraim will go back to Egypt, and they will eat impure food in Assyria.
Hosea 9:4 They must not give wine offerings to God, nor will these please him. Their sacrifices will be like mourning bread; whoever eats it will be unclean. Their bread for their life cannot enter God's house.
Hosea 9:5 What will you do on the sacred day, and on the day of God's feast?
Hosea 9:6 Look, they have left because they were destroyed. Egypt will collect their bodies, and Memphis will bury them. The nice spots where they kept their money will be taken over by weeds, and thorns will fill their homes.
Hosea 9:7 The time for punishment has come, the time for payback is here; Israel will realize this: the prophet is senseless, the spiritual person is insane, because of your many sins and intense hatred.
Hosea 9:8 Ephraim's guard was with my God, but the prophet is like a hunter's trap on every path, and there is hate in God's house.
Hosea 9:9 They have become very corrupt, like in Gibeah's time: so God will remember their wrongs, and he will punish their sins.
Hosea 9:10 I found Israel like grapes in the desert; I saw your ancestors as the first fruit on the fig tree at its first season: but they went to Baalpeor, turned to that disgrace, and their shameful acts were as they desired.
Hosea 9:11 Ephraim's honor will vanish like a bird, from birth, from pregnancy, and from conception.
Hosea 9:12 Even if they raise their children, I will take them away until none are left. And it will be bad for them when I leave them.
Hosea 9:13 Ephraim is like the city Tyre, set in a nice area, but Ephraim will lead his children to the killer.
Hosea 9:14 God, give them what you will give; give them wombs that cannot bear children and breasts that are dry.
Hosea 9:15 All their bad acts are in Gilgal; there I began to hate them. Because they keep doing evil, I will force them out of my house and stop loving them; all their leaders are rebels.
Hosea 9:16 Ephraim is struck down, their roots are dried up, they will not bear fruit. Even if they do produce, I will kill the precious offspring from their womb.
Hosea 9:17 God will reject them because they did not listen to him, and they will wander among the nations.

Hosea 10:1 Israel is like a vine with no value; it produces fruit for itself. The more fruit it has, the more altars it builds; the better the land, the finer the idols.
Hosea 10:2 Their heart is not united; they will be seen as guilty: God will destroy their altars, God will ruin their statues.
Hosea 10:3 Now they will say, "We have no king, because we did not fear God; what can a king do for us?"
Hosea 10:4 They have said things, lying when they make a promise. So unfairness grows like poison plants in the field's rows.
Hosea 10:5 The people of Samaria will be scared because of the fake gods of Bethaven; they will be sad for them, and the priests who were happy about them will mourn, because their honor is gone.
Hosea 10:6 It will be taken to Assyria as a gift for King Jareb: Ephraim will feel shame, and Israel will be embarrassed by its own advice.
Hosea 10:7 Samaria's king is gone like foam on water.
Hosea 10:8 The worship sites of Aven, Israel's sin, will be ruined: thorns and thistles will grow on their altars; and people will ask the mountains to hide them and the hills to fall on them.
Hosea 10:9 Israel, you have sinned since the time of Gibeah: there they remained: the fight in Gibeah against the wicked people did not defeat them.
Hosea 10:10 I want to punish them, and people will come together against them when they get stuck in their own wrong ways.
Hosea 10:11 Ephraim is like a trained young cow that likes to crush grain; but I will put a yoke on her beautiful neck. I will make Ephraim work; Judah will plow and Jacob will break up the soil.
Hosea 10:12 Plant for yourselves the right way, gather with kindness; prepare your unused land: it's time to look for God, until He comes and showers you with the right way to live.
Hosea 10:13 You have planted evil, you have harvested sin; you have eaten the fruit of lies: because you trusted in your own path, in the strength of your warriors.
Hosea 10:14 So, your people will be in chaos, and all your strongholds will be ruined, just like when Shalman destroyed Betharbel on the day of war: the mother was shattered against her children.
Hosea 10:15 Bethel will do the same to you because of your great evil; by morning the king of Israel will be completely destroyed.

Hosea 11:1 When Israel was young, I loved him and called my son out of Egypt.
Hosea 11:2 When they were called, they ignored it; they made sacrifices to false gods and burned incense to idols.
Hosea 11:3 I also taught Ephraim to walk, holding them by their arms; yet they did not realize that I healed them.
Hosea 11:4 I led them with human ties, with ropes of love. Like one who eases the load on their jaws, I bent down to feed them.
Hosea 11:5 He will not go back to Egypt, and the Assyrian will be his king, because they would not come back.
Hosea 11:6 The sword will stay in his cities, destroy his branches, and eat them up, because of their own plans.
Hosea 11:7 My people love to turn away from me; even when they are called to the Most High, no one praises Him.
Hosea 11:8 How can I let you go, Ephraim? How can I hand you over, Israel? How can I make you like Admah? How can I treat you like Zeboim? My heart is changed inside me, and my compassion is stirred up.
Hosea 11:9 I will not act with fierce anger, nor come back to destroy Ephraim because I am God, not a human; the Holy One among you, and I will not come into the city.
Hosea 11:10 They will follow God; He will roar like a lion; when He roars, the children will shake with fear from the west.
Hosea 11:11 They will shake with fear like a bird from Egypt and like a dove from Assyria, and I will put them in their homes, says God.
Hosea 11:12 Ephraim surrounds me with lies, and Israel with deceit; but Judah still rules with God and is loyal with the holy people.

Hosea 12:1 Ephraim chases the wind and follows the east wind: he keeps adding lies and destruction; they make agreements with the Assyrians, and oil is taken to Egypt.
Hosea 12:2 God also has an argument with Judah and will punish Jacob for his actions; He will repay him based on what he has done.
Hosea 12:3 In the womb, he grabbed his brother's heel, and with his strength, he struggled with God.
Hosea 12:4 Yes, he had power over the angel and won; he cried and asked for mercy; he met him in Bethel, where he spoke with us.
Hosea 12:5 Even God of all; God is his name to remember.
Hosea 12:6 So turn to your God: practice kindness and fairness, and always depend on your God.
Hosea 12:7 He is a trader with dishonest scales in his hands; he loves to cheat.
Hosea 12:8 Ephraim said, "I have become rich and gained wealth. In all my work, no one will find any wrong that is sin in me."
Hosea 12:9 I am God, who brought you out of Egypt, and I will make you live in tents again, like during the festival.
Hosea 12:10 I have spoken through the prophets, given many visions, and taught in parables through the prophets' work.
Hosea 12:11 Is there wrongdoing in Gilead? Surely they are worthless; they offer bulls in Gilgal; yes, their altars are like piles of stones in the field rows.
Hosea 12:12 Jacob ran away to Syria, and Israel worked to marry a wife, and to get a wife he took care of sheep.
Hosea 12:13 God led Israel out of Egypt through a prophet, and by a prophet they were kept safe.
Hosea 12:14 Ephraim made God very angry, so God will make him face the consequences of his actions, and will make sure his shame remains on him.

Hosea 13:1 When Ephraim spoke with fear, he became a leader in Israel; but when he sinned with Baal, he died.
Hosea 13:2 They keep sinning more, making silver statues and idols they imagine, all made by craftsmen. They tell those who offer sacrifices to kiss these calf idols.
Hosea 13:3 So they will be like the morning cloud and like the early dew that goes away, like chaff blown away from the threshing floor by the wind, and like smoke from a chimney.
Hosea 13:4 I am God, who brought you out of Egypt, and you should not acknowledge any god except me because there is no one else who can save you.
Hosea 13:5 I knew you in the desert, in the dry land.
Hosea 13:6 As their fields were good, they ate and were satisfied; their hearts grew proud, so they forgot God.
Hosea 13:7 So I will be like a lion to them, and like a leopard, I will watch over them.
Hosea 13:8 I will confront them like a mother bear robbed of her cubs, and will tear open their heart; there I will eat them like a lion, and wild animals will rip them apart.
Hosea 13:9 Israel, you have ruined yourself; but your help is in me.
Hosea 13:10 I will be your king. Where is another who can save you in all your cities? Where are your judges to whom you said, "Give me a king and princes"?
Hosea 13:11 I gave you a king because I was angry, and I took him away because I was furious.
Hosea 13:12 Ephraim's wrongdoing is tied up; his sin is hidden.
Hosea 13:13 He will feel pain like a woman giving birth: he is a foolish son, because he should not stay where babies are born for long.
Hosea 13:14 I will rescue them from the grave's power; I will save them from death: O death, I will bring your diseases; O grave, I will cause your ruin: I will not turn back.
Hosea 13:15 Although he may have success among his brothers, a strong wind will blow in from the desert, and this wind from God will dry up his water source and his well will run dry: all his valuable belongings will be ruined.
Hosea 13:16 Samaria will be ruined because she turned against God: people will die by the sword, babies will be smashed, and pregnant women will be cut open.

Hosea 14:1 Israel, come back to God, for you have stumbled because of your wrongdoings.
Hosea 14:2 Bring your words to God and ask Him to forgive all our sins and accept us with kindness; then we will offer Him our words of praise.
Hosea 14:3 Asshur won't save us; we won't ride on horses. We won't call our handmade idols our gods anymore, because the fatherless find kindness in you.
Hosea 14:4 I will heal their turning away, I will love them without cost: because my anger has turned away from them.
Hosea 14:5 I will be like dew for Israel: he will grow like a lily and send out roots like Lebanon's trees.
Hosea 14:6 His branches will grow wide, his beauty will be like the olive tree, and his scent like that of Lebanon.
Hosea 14:7 Those who live in God's protection will come back; they will flourish like grain, and spread out like a grapevine: their smell will be like Lebanon's wine.
Hosea 14:8 Ephraim will ask, "Why should I deal with idols anymore?" I have listened to God and noticed him. I am like a fresh pine tree. You can find your fruit in me.
Hosea 14:9 Who is wise to understand these things? Who is smart to know them? God's ways are right, and the good will follow them, but the wrongdoers will stumble in them.

Joel 1:1 God's message that came to Joel, Pethuel's son.
Joel 1:2 Listen, old men, and all who live in the land, pay attention. Has anything like this happened in your time or in your ancestors' time?
Joel 1:3 Tell your children about it, let them tell their children, and those children tell the next generation.
Joel 1:4 What the palmerworm did not eat, the locust did; and what the locust did not eat, the cankerworm did; and what the cankerworm did not eat, the caterpillar did.
Joel 1:5 Wake up, you who drink too much, and cry; scream, all of you wine lovers, because the fresh wine is taken away from your lips.
Joel 1:6 A nation has invaded my land, powerful and countless, with teeth like a lion's, and with the fangs of a mighty lion.
Joel 1:7 He has destroyed my vine and stripped my fig tree. He has completely bared it and thrown it aside; its branches are now white.
Joel 1:8 Mourn like a young woman wrapped in rough cloth for the husband of her young days.
Joel 1:9 The food offering and the drink offering are stopped at God's house; the priests, God's servants, are sad.
Joel 1:10 The crops are gone, the earth is sad; the grain is ruined, the new wine is gone, the oil is failing.
Joel 1:11 Feel ashamed, you farmers; cry out, you vine growers, because the wheat and barley are ruined; the field crops are destroyed.
Joel 1:12 The grapevine has dried up, and the fig tree is weak; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree, and the apple tree, all the trees in the fields have dried up because happiness has faded away from people.
Joel 1:13 Get ready and cry, priests; wail, servants of the altar; come, spend the night in mourning, servants of my God, because the grain and drink offerings are no longer brought to your God's temple.
Joel 1:14 Set a special time to fast, call a serious meeting, bring together the leaders and everyone who lives in the land to God's house, and pray to God.
Joel 1:15 Oh no, the day is coming! It's the day of God, and it will bring destruction like a disaster from the powerful one.
Joel 1:16 Isn't the food taken away from us, along with joy and happiness from God's house?
Joel 1:17 The seeds have rotted under the dirt, the storehouses are empty, the barns are ruined; because the grain has dried up.
Joel 1:18 The animals cry out in pain! The herds of cows are confused because there is no grass to eat; even the sheep are left with nothing.
Joel 1:19 God, I will call out to you: because the fire has eaten up the wild land's grass, and the flame has burned every tree in the fields.
Joel 1:20 The wild animals cry out to you because the water streams are dry, and fire has burned the wild grasslands.

Joel 2:1 Play the trumpet in Zion, and ring the alarm on my holy mountain: let everyone in the land shake with fear: for the day of God is coming, for it is very near.
Joel 2:2 A day of darkness and sadness, a day of clouds and deep darkness, like dawn spreading over the mountains: a huge and powerful group of people; nothing like this has ever happened before, nor will it ever happen again, even after many years and generations.
Joel 2:3 A fire consumes in front of them; behind them a flame blazes: the land is like the garden of Eden before them, and behind them it's a ruined wasteland; indeed, nothing can escape them.
Joel 2:4 They look like horses, and like riders, they will run.
Joel 2:5 They will jump like the sound of chariots on mountain tops, like the crackling of fire burning dry plants, as a mighty army ready for battle.
Joel 2:6 The people will feel great pain, and all faces will turn dark.
Joel 2:7 They will run like strong men; they will climb the wall like soldiers; they will all walk on their own paths, and they will not leave their positions.
Joel 2:8 No one will push another; each will walk in his own way: and if they fall on the sword, they will not be hurt.
Joel 2:9 They will run around in the city; they will run on the walls, climb onto the houses; they will enter through the windows like a thief.
Joel 2:10 The earth will shake before them; the sky will quiver; the sun and moon will turn dark, and the stars will stop shining.
Joel 2:11 God will speak before his army: His forces are vast: He is powerful and does what He says: The day of God is immense and very frightening; who can endure it?
Joel 2:12 So now, God says, turn back to me with all your heart, by fasting, crying, and mourning.
Joel 2:13 Tear your heart, not your clothes, and return to God, for he is kind and merciful, slow to get angry, full of love, and changes his mind about the harm.
Joel 2:14 Who knows if God will come back, change his mind, and leave a blessing for you, including food and drink offerings for your God?
Joel 2:15 Sound the trumpet in Zion, declare a fast, call a gathering.
Joel 2:16 Bring the people together, make the group holy, call the old leaders, get the children and the babies: let the man getting married leave his room, and the woman getting married come out of her private place.
Joel 2:17 Let the priests, who serve God, cry between the entrance and the altar. Let them say, "Save your people, God, don't let others insult your chosen ones by ruling over them. Why should others ask, 'Where is their God?'"
Joel 2:18 Then God will care deeply for his land and have compassion on his people.
Joel 2:19 Yes, God will reply to his people, "Look, I will give you grain, wine, and olive oil, and you will have enough: and I will not let you be shamed among the nations anymore."
Joel 2:20 I will take the northern army far away from you and push them into a dry and empty land. Their front will face the eastern sea and their back the farthest sea. Their smell will rise up, their stench too, because they have done great things.
Joel 2:21 Don't be afraid, land; be happy and celebrate: God will do amazing things.
Joel 2:22 Do not fear, you animals of the fields: the wild pastures are growing, and the trees are bearing their fruit, the fig tree and the grapevine are giving their best.
Joel 2:23 Be happy, people of Zion, and be joyful in God: He has given you enough early rain, and He will make sure you get both early and late rain in the first month.
Joel 2:24 The floors will be full of wheat, and the containers will overflow with wine and oil.
Joel 2:25 I will give back to you the years the locusts, the cankerworms, the caterpillars, and the palmerworms have eaten, my great army that I sent to you.
Joel 2:26 You will eat a lot, feel full, and thank God, who has done amazing things for you; and my people will never feel shame.
Joel 2:27 You will know that I am with Israel, and that I am your God and no other; and my people will never be ashamed.
Joel 2:28 Afterward, I will give my spirit to everyone; your sons and daughters will speak of the future, your old men will have dreams, and your young men will see visions.
Joel 2:29 I will pour out my spirit on the servants and maidens in those days.
Joel 2:30 I will show amazing things in the sky and on the earth: blood, fire, and columns of smoke.
Joel 2:31 The sun will become dark, and the moon will turn red, before the great and terrible day of God comes.
Joel 2:32 Whoever calls on God's name will be saved; deliverance will be in Mount Zion and Jerusalem as God promised, and among the survivors God calls.

Joel 3:1 For, look, in those days and at that time, when I bring back the people of Judah and Jerusalem,
Joel 3:2 I will gather all nations and take them to the Valley of Jehoshaphat. There, I will argue for my people and my land, Israel, because they have been scattered among the nations and my land has been divided.
Joel 3:3 They have drawn lots for my people, traded a boy for a prostitute, and sold a girl for wine to drink.
Joel 3:4 Yes, and what do you have to do with me, O Tyre, Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? Will you pay me back? If you pay me back, I will quickly return your payment on your own head.
Joel 3:5 Because you took my silver and gold, and brought my precious things into your temples:
Joel 3:6 You have sold the people of Judah and Jerusalem to the Greeks, so you could send them far from their land.
Joel 3:7 I will lift them from the place where you sold them and bring the consequences back on you.
Joel 3:8 I will sell your sons and daughters to the people of Judah, and they will sell them to the Sabeans, a distant nation, because God has said so.
Joel 3:9 Tell this to the nations: Get ready for battle, wake up the strong fighters, let all the soldiers come close; let them move forward.
Joel 3:10 Turn your farming tools into swords and your cutting tools into spears; let those who feel weak say, I am strong.
Joel 3:11 Come together and join, all you nations, and gather around: call your strong ones to come down, God.
Joel 3:12 Let the nations wake up and come to the Valley of Jehoshaphat; for there I will sit to judge all the surrounding nations.
Joel 3:13 Use the sickle, the crops are ready: come, gather them; the vat is full, it's overflowing because there is so much evil.
Joel 3:14 Many people, many people in the valley of choice: for God's day is close in the valley of choice.
Joel 3:15 The sun and the moon will become dark, and the stars will stop shining.
Joel 3:16 God will roar from Zion and shout from Jerusalem; the sky and land will tremble. But God will be a safe place for his people, and a stronghold for the people of Israel.
Joel 3:17 You will know that I am God living in Zion, my holy mountain. Then Jerusalem will be a holy city, and no strangers will pass through it anymore.
Joel 3:18 On that day, the mountains will drip with sweet wine, the hills will overflow with milk, all of Judah's streams will run with water, and a spring will come out of God's house and water the valley of Shittim.
Joel 3:19 Egypt will become ruined, and Edom will turn into a barren wasteland because of the harm done to the people of Judah, since they have spilled the blood of the innocent in their country.
Joel 3:20 Judah will live forever, and Jerusalem will last from one generation to the next.
Joel 3:21 I will purify their blood that I haven't purified before, because God lives in Zion.

Amos 1:1 These are the words of Amos, one of the shepherds from Tekoa. He had visions about Israel when Uzziah was king of Judah, and when Jeroboam, Joash's son, was king of Israel. This happened two years before the earthquake.
Amos 1:2 He said, God will roar from Zion and speak loudly from Jerusalem; the shepherds' homes will be sad, and the top of Carmel will dry up.
Amos 1:3 God says: Because Damascus has sinned many times, I will not stop their punishment. They crushed Gilead with iron tools.
Amos 1:4 I will send a fire to Hazael's house, and it will destroy Benhadad's palaces.
Amos 1:5 I will break the defenses of Damascus, end the people from Aven Valley, and their leaders from Eden. The Syrians will be taken as prisoners to Kir, says God.
Amos 1:6 God says: Because Gaza has sinned many times, I won't stop their punishment. They took away a whole group of captives and handed them over to Edom.
Amos 1:7 I will send a fire against the wall of Gaza, and it will burn down its palaces.
Amos 1:8 I will remove the people from Ashdod and the ruler from Ashkelon, and I will attack Ekron. The remaining Philistines will die, says God.
Amos 1:9 God says, "Because Tyre has sinned many times, I will not stop their punishment. They handed over captives to Edom and forgot their treaty of friendship."
Amos 1:10 I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre that will destroy its palaces.
Amos 1:11 God says: Because Edom sinned many times, I will not stop punishing them. They chased their own family with weapons, showed no mercy, stayed angry all the time, and never forgave.
Amos 1:12 I will send a fire to Teman, and it will burn down the strong houses of Bozrah.
Amos 1:13 God says, "Because the people of Ammon committed three sins, and even four, I will not stop their punishment. They attacked pregnant women in Gilead to expand their own land."
Amos 1:14 I will start a fire in the walls of Rabbah, and it will burn down its palaces amid battle cries on the day of combat, and with a storm on the day of the whirlwind.
Amos 1:15 Their king and his leaders will be captured and taken away, says God.

Amos 2:1 God says, "Because Moab sinned three times, even four, I will not cancel their punishment. They burned the bones of Edom's king to ashes."
Amos 2:2 I will send fire to Moab, and it will burn the palaces of Kirioth. Moab will die amid noise, shouts, and trumpet blasts.
Amos 2:3 I will remove the judge from the middle and kill all the leaders with him, says God.
Amos 2:4 God says this: Because Judah has sinned three times, even four, I won't stop their punishment. They rejected God's law and did not follow His rules. Their lies led them astray, like their ancestors before them.
Amos 2:5 I will send fire to Judah, and it will burn down the palaces of Jerusalem.
Amos 2:6 God says: Because Israel has sinned three and even four times, I won't stop their punishment. They traded innocent people for money and the needy for sandals.
Amos 2:7 They chase after worthless things instead of helping the poor and twist the paths of the humble. Both a man and his father misuse the same girl, dishonoring my sacred name.
Amos 2:8 They lie down on clothes taken as pledges near every altar, and they drink wine taken as fines in the temple of their god.
Amos 2:9 But I destroyed the Amorite before them, who was as tall as cedar trees and as strong as oaks; I destroyed their fruit from above and their roots from below.
Amos 2:10 I also took you out of Egypt and guided you for 40 years in the desert to take over the land of the Amorites.
Amos 2:11 I chose some of your sons to be prophets and some of your young men to be Nazarites. Isn't it true, people of Israel? says God.
Amos 2:12 But you gave the Nazarites wine to drink and told the prophets not to speak God's words.
Amos 2:13 Look, I am weighed down by you, like a cart is weighed down when it is full of grain bundles.
Amos 2:14 So the fast will not escape, the strong will not use their strength, and the brave will not save themselves.
Amos 2:15 The person using the bow won't be able to stand; the fast runner won't save themselves; and the horse rider won't escape.
Amos 2:16 The brave one among the warriors will run away without clothes on that day, says God.

Amos 3:1 Listen to what God has said against you, children of Israel, against the entire family I led out of Egypt:
Amos 3:2 I have known only you among all the families on earth; so I will punish you for all your wrongs.
Amos 3:3 Can two people walk together if they do not agree?
Amos 3:4 Will a lion roar in the woods without catching prey? Will a young lion shout from its den if it has caught nothing?
Amos 3:5 Can a bird be caught in a trap on the ground if no one has set one for it? Can someone lift a trap from the ground if it hasn't caught anything?
Amos 3:6 If a trumpet sounds in the city, won't the people be scared? If there's trouble in a city, isn't it God who has caused it?
Amos 3:7 God will do nothing without revealing his plan to his prophets.
Amos 3:8 The lion has roared, who wouldn't be afraid? God has spoken, who wouldn't tell the message?
Amos 3:9 Announce in the palaces of Ashdod and Egypt, say, "Gather on the Samaria mountains and see the big upsets and the oppressed people there."
Amos 3:10 They do not know how to do right, says God, who keep violence and theft in their homes.
Amos 3:11 So God says: An enemy will surround the country; they will reduce your power, and your grand houses will be robbed.
Amos 3:12 God says, "Like a shepherd saves from the lion's mouth two legs or a piece of an ear, so will the Israelites be saved who live in Samaria on the edge of a bed, and in Damascus on a sofa."
Amos 3:13 Listen and speak out in the house of Jacob, says God, the God of all.
Amos 3:14 On the day I punish Israel for their sins, I will also destroy the altars of Bethel; the altar horns will be cut off and fall to the ground.
Amos 3:15 I will destroy the winter homes and the summer homes; the ivory houses will be gone, and the big houses will end, says God.

Amos 4:1 Listen to this message, you cows of Bashan on Samaria's mountain, who hurt the poor, who crush the needy, and who tell their bosses, "Bring us something to drink."
Amos 4:2 God has promised by his own purity, look, the time will come when you will be taken away with hooks, and your descendants with fishhooks.
Amos 4:3 You will leave through the gaps, each cow heading straight ahead; and you will throw them into the palace, says God.
Amos 4:4 Go to Bethel and sin; keep on sinning at Gilgal. Bring your sacrifices every morning and your tithes every three years.
Amos 4:5 Give thanks with bread that has yeast, tell others, and share freely: this pleases you, people of Israel, says God.
Amos 4:6 I also gave you clean teeth in your cities and lack of bread everywhere, but still you haven't turned back to me, says God.
Amos 4:7 I also kept rain from you when it was three months before harvest. I made it rain on one city but not another. One place got rain and didn't dry up, while the place with no rain withered.
Amos 4:8 Two or three cities went to one city to get water to drink, but it wasn't enough. Still, you haven't turned back to me, says God.
Amos 4:9 I have struck you with blight and decay; when your gardens, vineyards, fig trees, and olive trees grew, the palmerworm ate them, but still you have not turned back to me, says God.
Amos 4:10 I sent sickness to you like in Egypt: I killed your young men with the sword, took your horses, and made your camps smell bad: still, you did not turn back to me, says God.
Amos 4:11 I destroyed some of you, just like God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, and you were saved from the fire, but still you haven't come back to me, says God.
Amos 4:12 So I will act toward you, Israel, and since I will do this, get ready to face your God, Israel.
Amos 4:13 Look, the one who shapes the mountains, makes the wind, and tells people their thoughts, who turns dawn into darkness and walks on the high parts of the land, God, the commander of heavenly armies, is his name.

Amos 5:1 Listen to this message I speak against you, which is a sad song, O people of Israel.
Amos 5:2 The young woman of Israel has fallen; she will not get up again: she is left alone on her land; there is no one to help her up.
Amos 5:3 God says: The city that sends out a thousand will only have a hundred left, and the one that sends out a hundred will only have ten left for the people of Israel.
Amos 5:4 God says to the people of Israel, "Look for me, and you will live."
Amos 5:5 Do not look for Bethel, do not go to Gilgal, and do not travel to Beersheba. Gilgal will be taken captive, and Bethel will be destroyed.
Amos 5:6 Look for God, and you will live; or he might burst out like fire in Joseph's house, consume it, and no one in Bethel can put it out.
Amos 5:7 You who make fair decisions bitter, and abandon what is right in the world,
Amos 5:8 Look for the one who created the seven stars and Orion, who changes deep darkness into morning, and turns day into night: who commands the sea waters and pours them over the earth: God is his name.
Amos 5:9 God gives power to the weak to stand against the mighty, so the weak can attack the stronghold.
Amos 5:10 They dislike the person who corrects others publicly, and they detest the one who speaks honestly.
Amos 5:11 Since you step on the poor and take their wheat, you build stone houses but won't live in them; you plant vineyards but won't drink their wine.
Amos 5:12 I know your many wrongs and your big sins: they hurt good people, they accept bribes, and they push away the poor from getting their rights at the gate.
Amos 5:13 So the wise will stay quiet at that time, because it is a bad time.
Amos 5:14 Look for good, not bad, so you may live, and then God will be with you as you have said.
Amos 5:15 Dislike what's bad, like what's good, and set up fair decisions in your communities. Maybe then God will show kindness to the survivors of Joseph's family.
Amos 5:16 So God, the Lord of all, says: There will be crying in all the streets and people will say in every road, "Oh no, oh no!" Farmers will be called to grieve, and those good at grieving to cry.
Amos 5:17 In all the grape gardens there will be crying, because I will come through you, says God.
Amos 5:18 You who wish for God's day, why do you want it? That day is dark, not light.
Amos 5:19 It's like a man running from a lion, only to meet a bear; or he goes into his house, rests his hand on the wall, and a snake bites him.
Amos 5:20 Won't God's day be full of darkness, without any light? Very dark, with no brightness at all?
Amos 5:21 I hate and reject your festivals, and I won't enjoy your formal gatherings.
Amos 5:22 Even if you give me burnt sacrifices and food offerings, I will not accept them: I will not consider the peace sacrifices of your fat animals.
Amos 5:23 Stop singing your songs to me; I won't listen to your music.
Amos 5:24 Let fair judgment flow like water, and let justice be strong like a flowing river.
Amos 5:25 Did you give me sacrifices and offerings in the desert for forty years, O people of Israel?
Amos 5:26 You have carried the tent of your god Moloch and the star of your god Chiun, which you made for yourselves.
Amos 5:27 So I will make you captive and send you away beyond Damascus, says God, who is called the God of armies.

Amos 6:1 Trouble awaits those who are comfortable in Zion and rely on Mount Samaria, the famous leaders of the nations where the people of Israel go!
Amos 6:2 Go to Calneh and look; then visit the great city of Hamath, and afterward go to Gath of the Philistines. Are they stronger than these kingdoms? Is their land larger than yours?
Amos 6:3 You who push away the day of punishment and bring violence close.
Amos 6:4 They lie on ivory beds, lounge on their sofas, eat lambs from the flock, and calves from the pen.
Amos 6:5 They sing to the music of the harp and make up their own musical instruments, like David.
Amos 6:6 They drink wine from large bowls and use the finest oils to anoint themselves, but they do not care about the suffering of Joseph's people.
Amos 6:7 So now they will be taken away as prisoners with those who were first taken away, and the feasting of those who lounged will end.
Amos 6:8 God has sworn by himself, says the God of all, I despise Jacob's pride and hate his strongholds: so I will hand over the city and everything in it.
Amos 6:9 If ten people are left in one house, they will die.
Amos 6:10 A man's uncle will carry him, and the one who cremates him, to remove the bones from the house. He will ask anyone nearby, "Is anyone else with you?" When he says, "No," he will be told, "Be quiet; we must not speak of God's name."
Amos 6:11 Look, God commands, and he will strike the big house, making large cracks, and the small house with splits.
Amos 6:12 Can horses run on rocky ground? Can you plow with oxen on rocks? You have made fair decisions bitter, and turned what is right into poison.
Amos 6:13 You who celebrate meaningless things, saying, "Haven't we gained power by our own strength?"
Amos 6:14 But look, I will bring against you a nation, O people of Israel, says God, and they will trouble you from the entrance of Hemath to the wilderness river.

Amos 7:1 God showed me this: I saw him create locusts at the start of the crops' second growth, after the king's harvest.
Amos 7:2 When they finished eating the land's grass, I said, "Please God, forgive us. How can Jacob survive? He is too small."
Amos 7:3 God changed his mind about this: It will not happen, says God.
Amos 7:4 God showed me this: God called for judgment by fire, which consumed the deep waters and ate up the land.
Amos 7:5 I said, "Please stop, God. How can Jacob recover? He is too weak."
Amos 7:6 God changed his mind about this: This will not happen either, says God.
Amos 7:7 He showed me: and look, God stood on a wall built straight with a plumb line, holding a plumb line.
Amos 7:8 God asked me, "Amos, what do you see?" I answered, "A plumbline." God said, "Look, I will put a plumbline among my people Israel; I won't overlook their actions anymore."
Amos 7:9 The special places of Isaac will be empty, and the holy places of Israel will be ruined; and I will attack the family of Jeroboam with a sword.
Amos 7:10 Then Amaziah, the priest of Bethel, sent a message to Jeroboam, king of Israel, saying, "Amos has plotted against you among the people of Israel: the country cannot handle everything he says."
Amos 7:11 Amos says this: Jeroboam will die by the sword, and Israel will definitely be taken captive from their land.
Amos 7:12 Amaziah told Amos, "You, the seer, go away to the land of Judah, eat your bread there, and give your messages there."
Amos 7:13 Do not prophesy again in Bethel; it is the king's temple and the royal palace.
Amos 7:14 Amos replied to Amaziah, "I was not a prophet or the son of a prophet; I was a shepherd and I picked sycamore fruit."
Amos 7:15 God chose me as I tended the sheep and God told me, "Go, speak my words to the people of Israel."
Amos 7:16 Listen now to God's message: You say, "Do not speak against Israel, and do not say anything against the family of Isaac."
Amos 7:17 So God says: Your wife will be unfaithful in the city, your sons and daughters will be killed with swords, your land will be split up, and you will die in a dirty land. Israel will definitely be taken as prisoners out of their land.

Amos 8:1 God showed me this: Look, a basket of summer fruit.
Amos 8:2 He asked, "Amos, what do you see?" I answered, "A basket of summer fruit." Then God told me, "The end has come for my people Israel; I will not spare them anymore."
Amos 8:3 On that day, the temple songs will turn to wails, says God. Dead bodies will be everywhere; they will be thrown out quietly.
Amos 8:4 Listen, you who trample on the needy and try to destroy the poor of the land.
Amos 8:5 Asking, "When will the new moon pass so we can sell grain? And the Sabbath, so we can offer wheat? Reducing the measure, increasing the price, and cheating with dishonest scales?"
Amos 8:6 So we can buy the poor with money, and the needy for a pair of shoes, and even sell the bad part of the wheat.
Amos 8:7 God has promised because of Jacob's greatness, I will surely remember their deeds always.
Amos 8:8 Won't the earth shake because of this, and all who live in it be sad? It will surge like a river; it will be thrown out and sink like the river of Egypt.
Amos 8:9 On that day, God says, I will make the sun set at noon and darken the earth on a bright day.
Amos 8:10 I will change your celebrations into sadness, and all your music into cries of sorrow; I will make everyone wear rough cloth around their waist, and shave every head; I will make the sadness as deep as for an only child, and the end as bitter as a terrible day.
Amos 8:11 Look, days will come, says God, when I will cause a famine in the land. It won't be for lack of bread or thirst for water, but a famine of hearing God's words.
Amos 8:12 They will wander from sea to sea, and from north to east, they will rush around trying to find God's message, but they will not find it.
Amos 8:13 On that day, the beautiful young women and young men will become weak from thirst.
Amos 8:14 Those who swear by Samaria's sin and say, "Your god, O Dan, is alive," and "The way of Beersheba lives," will fall and never get up again.

Amos 9:1 I saw God standing at the altar. He said, "Hit the top of the door so the pillars tremble. Chop off their heads, all of them. I will kill any who are left with a sword. Those who run won't get far, and those who escape won't be saved."
Amos 9:2 Even if they dig deep into the ground, my hand will still reach and take them; even if they climb up to the sky, I will bring them down.
Amos 9:3 Even if they hide at the top of Carmel, I will find and take them from there; and if they hide from me at the bottom of the sea, I will tell the serpent to bite them.
Amos 9:4 Even if they are taken captive by their enemies, I will order the sword to kill them. I will watch them for harm, not for their good.
Amos 9:5 God has the power to touch the land so it will melt, and everyone living there will be sad. The land will rise like a flood and be covered like in the Egypt flood.
Amos 9:6 He makes his layers in the sky and sets his group on the earth; he calls the sea's waters and spreads them over the earth: God is his name.
Amos 9:7 Aren't you like the children of Ethiopia to me, children of Israel? says God. Didn't I lead Israel out of Egypt? And the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?
Amos 9:8 Look, God is watching the sinful nation, and I will wipe it from the earth; but I will not completely destroy Jacob's descendants, says the Lord.
Amos 9:9 Look, I will give an order, and I will shake the people of Israel among all countries, just like corn is shaken in a strainer, but not even the smallest grain will fall to the ground.
Amos 9:10 Every sinner among my people will die by the sword, those who think harm won't reach or stop us.
Amos 9:11 On that day, I will repair David's fallen shelter, fix its gaps, rebuild its ruins, and restore it like before.
Amos 9:12 So they can own what's left of Edom, and all nations called by my name, says God who does this.
Amos 9:13 Look, a time is coming, says God, when the farmer will catch up with the harvester, and the grape crusher will catch up with the one planting seeds; the mountains will drip with sweet wine, and all the hills will flow.
Amos 9:14 I will bring back my people Israel from captivity. They will rebuild the ruined cities and live in them. They will plant vineyards and drink their wine; they will also create gardens and eat their fruits.
Amos 9:15 I will put them on their land, and no one will ever remove them from the land I gave them, says God.

Obadiah 1:1 Obadiah's vision. This is what God says about Edom: We've heard a report from God, and a messenger has been sent to the nations, saying, "Get up, and let's fight against Edom."
Obadiah 1:2 Look, I have made you small among the nations: you are very disliked.
Obadiah 1:3 Your proud heart has tricked you, you who live in the mountain cracks and high places, thinking to yourself, "Who can bring me down to the ground?"
Obadiah 1:4 Even if you rise high like an eagle and put your home among the stars, I will bring you down, says God.
Obadiah 1:5 If thieves came to you, if robbers at night, (you are destroyed!) wouldn't they steal only what they needed? If grape pickers came to you, wouldn't they leave some grapes behind?
Obadiah 1:6 People have thoroughly searched Esau's belongings and found his hidden treasures.
Obadiah 1:7 All your allies have led you to the border; the friends who were at peace with you have tricked you and have overcome you; those who shared your bread have set a trap beneath you: there is no wisdom in him.
Obadiah 1:8 On that day, God says, won't I remove the wise from Edom and the understanding from the mountain of Esau?
Obadiah 1:9 Your strong men, O Teman, will be scared so that everyone on Mount Esau will be killed.
Obadiah 1:10 Because you hurt your brother Jacob, shame will cover you, and you will be gone forever.
Obadiah 1:11 On the day you stood by, on the day strangers took his people away and outsiders came into his city, throwing dice for Jerusalem, you acted just like them.
Obadiah 1:12 You should not have watched when your brother was in trouble, nor should you have been happy when the people of Judah were destroyed, nor should you have boasted when they were in distress.
Obadiah 1:13 You should not have gone through my people's gate when they were in trouble; indeed, you should not have watched their suffering on that day, nor should you have touched their belongings.
Obadiah 1:14 You should not have waited at the crossroads to kill the survivors, nor should you have handed over the remaining people in their time of trouble.
Obadiah 1:15 God's day is coming soon for all nations; what you have done will be done to you; your actions will come back to you.
Obadiah 1:16 Just as you drank on my sacred hill, so will all the nations keep drinking; they will drink and gulp down until they are like they never existed.
Obadiah 1:17 On Mount Zion there will be rescue, and it will be a holy place; the family of Jacob will take back their belongings.
Obadiah 1:18 Jacob's family will be like a fire, Joseph's family like a flame, and Esau's family like dry grass. They will burn Esau's family and nothing will be left, because God has said so.
Obadiah 1:19 People from the south will take over the land of Esau; those from the flat lands will take over Philistine territory. They will also take the farmlands of Ephraim and Samaria, and Benjamin will take over Gilead.
Obadiah 1:20 The people of Israel who were taken away will take over the land of the Canaanites up to Zarephath, and the people from Jerusalem who were taken to Sepharad will take over the southern cities.
Obadiah 1:21 Rescuers will come to Mount Zion to rule over Esau's hill, and the kingdom will belong to God.

Jonah 1:1 God spoke to Jonah, Amittai's son, saying,
Jonah 1:2 Get up, go to Nineveh, the big city, and speak out against it, because their badness has reached me.
Jonah 1:3 Jonah got up to run away to Tarshish to escape from God, and he went to Joppa. There he found a boat going to Tarshish. He paid for the trip and got on board to sail with them to Tarshish, away from God.
Jonah 1:4 But God made a strong wind blow over the sea, and a big storm came up, making the ship nearly break apart.
Jonah 1:5 The sailors were scared and each prayed to his own god. They threw the ship's cargo into the sea to make it lighter. But Jonah had gone below deck, where he lay down and fell into a deep sleep.
Jonah 1:6 The captain went to him and said, "What are you doing sleeping? Get up and pray to your God; maybe God will notice us, and we won't die."
Jonah 1:7 They all said to each other, "Come, let's draw lots to find out who is responsible for this trouble." They drew lots and the lot pointed to Jonah.
Jonah 1:8 They asked him, "Please tell us why this trouble is happening to us. What is your job? Where do you come from? What's your country? And what people do you belong to?"
Jonah 1:9 He told them, "I am a Hebrew; and I respect God, the God of heaven, who created the sea and the land."
Jonah 1:10 The men became very scared and asked him, "Why did you do this?" They knew he was running away from God because he had told them.
Jonah 1:11 Then they asked him, "What should we do to you to make the sea calm for us?" because the sea was stormy and turbulent.
Jonah 1:12 He told them, "Pick me up and throw me into the sea, and then the sea will become calm for you. I know that this big storm has come because of me."
Jonah 1:13 The men rowed hard to reach the land, but they couldn't because the sea got rough and stormy against them.
Jonah 1:14 So they called out to God, saying, "Please, God, we beg you, don't let us die because of this man's life, and don't make us guilty of killing an innocent person: for you, God, have done as you wanted."
Jonah 1:15 So they picked up Jonah and threw him into the sea, and the sea stopped raging.
Jonah 1:16 The men became very afraid of God, and they gave a sacrifice to God and promised to do things for Him.
Jonah 1:17 God had sent a big fish to swallow Jonah. Jonah was inside the fish for three days and nights.

Jonah 2:1 Then Jonah prayed to God from inside the fish.
Jonah 2:2 I called out to God because of my suffering, and he listened to me; from deep inside the grave I cried, and you heard my voice.
Jonah 2:3 You threw me into the deep sea; I was surrounded by water; all your waves and billows rolled over me.
Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am thrown away from your view; but I will look again towards your holy temple.
Jonah 2:5 Water surrounded me, even to my life; deep water closed around me and plants tangled around my head.
Jonah 2:6 I went down to the mountain bases; the earth trapped me forever: but you, God, brought my life up from ruin.
Jonah 2:7 When I felt weak inside, I remembered God, and my prayer reached you in your holy temple.
Jonah 2:8 Those who believe in false things ignore the kindness meant for them.
Jonah 2:9 I will offer sacrifice to you with thankful voice; I will fulfill my promises. Salvation comes from God.
Jonah 2:10 God spoke to the fish, and it threw up Jonah onto dry land.

Jonah 3:1 God spoke to Jonah again, saying,
Jonah 3:2 Get up, go to Nineveh, that big city, and tell them the message I have given you.
Jonah 3:3 Jonah got up and went to Nineveh, as God had told him. Nineveh was a very big city; it took three days to go through it.
Jonah 3:4 Jonah started to go into the city, traveling for one day, and he shouted, "In forty days, Nineveh will be destroyed."
Jonah 3:5 The people of Nineveh trusted God, announced a fast, and wore rough clothes, from the most important to the least.
Jonah 3:6 News reached the king of Nineveh, and he got up from his throne, took off his robe, put on sackcloth, and sat in ashes.
Jonah 3:7 He had it announced and spread through Nineveh by the king's and his nobles' order, saying, "No person or animal, no herd or flock, should eat or drink anything."
Jonah 3:8 Let people and animals wear rough cloth, and call out to God strongly; yes, let everyone stop their bad ways and stop hurting others with their hands.
Jonah 3:9 Who knows if God will change his mind and stop being so angry, so we won't die?
Jonah 3:10 God saw what they did, that they stopped doing evil, so he changed his mind about the punishment he had planned to give them, and he didn't do it.

Jonah 4:1 Jonah was very upset by this, and he became angry.
Jonah 4:2 He prayed to God and said, "I knew this would happen, God. That's why I ran away to Tarshish. I knew you are kind and merciful, not easily angered, full of love, and you change your mind about punishing.
Jonah 4:3 So now, God, please take my life from me; it's better for me to die than to live.
Jonah 4:4 Then God asked, "Is it right for you to be angry?"
Jonah 4:5 Jonah left the city, sat on its east side, built himself a shelter, and sat in its shade to see what would happen to the city.
Jonah 4:6 God made a plant grow over Jonah to give him shade and help him feel better. Jonah was very happy about the plant.
Jonah 4:7 God made a worm come up the next morning, and it attacked the plant so that it dried up.
Jonah 4:8 When the sun rose, God sent a strong east wind; the sun blazed on Jonah's head so much that he became weak, wished to die, and thought, "It's better for me to die than to live."
Jonah 4:9 God asked Jonah, "Is it right for you to be angry about the plant?" And he answered, "Yes, I am right to be angry enough to die."
Jonah 4:10 God said, "You feel sorry for the plant you didn't work for or make grow. It appeared overnight and died overnight."
Jonah 4:11 Shouldn't I have mercy on Nineveh, that large city, with more than 120,000 people who do not know right from left, and many animals too?

Micah 1:1 God's message that came to Micah of Morasheth during the time of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, the kings of Judah, was about Samaria and Jerusalem.
Micah 1:2 Listen, everyone; pay attention, O earth and everything in it: and let God be a witness against you, God from his holy place.
Micah 1:3 Look, God is coming from his place and will step down and walk on the earth's high places.
Micah 1:4 The mountains will melt beneath him, and the valleys will split open, like wax melting before a fire and like water rushing down a slope.
Micah 1:5 All this is because Jacob did wrong, and Israel's house sinned. What did Jacob do wrong? Wasn't it Samaria? And Judah's wrong places, aren't they Jerusalem?
Micah 1:6 So, I will turn Samaria into a pile of rubble in a field, like a cleared vineyard, and I will toss its stones into the valley and expose its foundations.
Micah 1:7 All its carved idols will be smashed, all its earnings will be burned up, and all its idols I will ruin. It collected its wealth by prostitution, and it will be used again for prostitution.
Micah 1:8 I will cry and yell, I will walk bare and naked: I will cry loudly like the dragons, and grieve like the owls.
Micah 1:9 Her injury can't be healed; it has reached Judah and even the entrance of my people in Jerusalem.
Micah 1:10 Do not announce it in Gath, do not cry at all; in the house of Aphrah cover yourself with dust.
Micah 1:11 Go away, you who live in Saphir, with your shame exposed. The people of Zaanan did not leave to mourn for Bethezel; they will get no support from you.
Micah 1:12 The person from Maroth really hoped for something good, but bad things came from God to Jerusalem's gate.
Micah 1:13 You, who live in Lachish, hitch the chariot to the fast horse: you started the sin for Zion's people. Israel's wrongdoings were found in you.
Micah 1:14 So you must give gifts to Moresheth of Gath; the towns of Achzib will deceive the kings of Israel.
Micah 1:15 I will send an enemy to conquer you, people of Mareshah; the nobles of Israel will hide in the cave at Adullam.
Micah 1:16 Shave your head and cut off your hair for your precious children; make your bald spot bigger like an eagle, because they have been taken away from you as captives.

Micah 2:1 Trouble to those who plan bad things and do evil in their beds! When morning comes, they do it because they can.
Micah 2:2 They desire fields and seize them with force; and homes, and take them: so they crush a person and his family, even a person and his inheritance.
Micah 2:3 So God says: Look, I am planning a disaster against this family, which you cannot stop; you will not walk proudly, for this time is bad.
Micah 2:4 On that day someone will tell a story against you, mourn with deep sorrow, and say, "We are completely ruined. He has altered what belonged to our people. How has he taken it away from me? While turning aside, he has split our land."
Micah 2:5 You will have no one to divide land by casting lots in God's assembly.
Micah 2:6 Don't prophesy, they tell the prophets: they must not prophesy, so they won't feel ashamed.
Micah 2:7 You who are known as the family of Jacob, is God's spirit limited? Are these his actions? Don't my words benefit those who live rightly?
Micah 2:8 Recently, my people have turned into enemies: you take the coat and clothes from those who walk by peacefully, like people who dislike war.
Micah 2:9 You have forced the women of my people out of their nice homes, and you have taken my honor away from their children forever.
Micah 2:10 Get up and leave; this place is not your rest: it's unclean and will ruin you with terrible destruction.
Micah 2:11 If a man walks in the spirit and lies, saying, "I will tell you about wine and strong drink," he will be considered a prophet by these people.
Micah 2:12 I will definitely bring together all of you, Jacob; I will gather the leftovers of Israel; I will put them as the sheep in Bozrah, as a group in their pen: they will make a loud sound because there are so many people.
Micah 2:13 The leader has gone ahead of them: they have smashed through, walked through the gate, and left by it: their king will lead them, with God at their front.

Micah 3:1 And I said, please listen, leaders of Jacob and rulers of Israel; isn't it your duty to know what is right?
Micah 3:2 Those who hate good and love evil, who tear off their skin and flesh from their bones.
Micah 3:3 They also eat my people's flesh, peel off their skin, break their bones, and cut them up like meat for cooking in a pot or caldron.
Micah 3:4 Then they will call out to God, but he will not listen to them: he will hide his face from them at that time because they have acted badly in their actions.
Micah 3:5 God says about the prophets who lead my people astray: they promise peace when they have food to eat, but they declare war against those who don't feed them.
Micah 3:6 So you will have a night without visions; it will be dark for you, without divination. The sun will set on the prophets, and the day will turn dark for them.
Micah 3:7 Then the seers will be embarrassed, and the diviners will be confused: yes, they will all cover their mouths; because there is no reply from God.
Micah 3:8 I am truly filled with power by God's spirit, and with judgment and strength, to tell Jacob his wrongdoing, and to Israel his sin.
Micah 3:9 Please listen, leaders of Jacob's family and rulers of Israel, who hate fairness and twist what is right.
Micah 3:10 They construct Zion with violence, and Jerusalem with wrongdoing.
Micah 3:11 Its leaders judge for bribes, its priests teach for a price, and its prophets tell the future for money. Yet they rely on God and say, "Isn't God with us? No disaster will come upon us."
Micah 3:12 So, because of you, Zion will be plowed like a field, Jerusalem will turn into piles of rubble, and the temple hill will become like overgrown hilltops.

Micah 4:1 In the future, God's house on the mountain will be the most important, higher than all other hills, and people will come to it.
Micah 4:2 Many nations will come and say, "Let's go up to God's mountain, to the house of Jacob's God; He will teach us His ways, and we will follow His paths. For teachings will come from Zion, and God's word from Jerusalem."
Micah 4:3 He will judge among many peoples and correct powerful nations from far away; they will turn their swords into tools for farming, and their spears into tools for cutting branches. No country will fight against another, nor will they learn war anymore.
Micah 4:4 Everyone will sit under their own vine and fig tree without fear because God has promised it.
Micah 4:5 Everyone will follow their own god, and we will follow our God forever.
Micah 4:6 On that day, God says, I will bring together those who limp, and I will collect those who have been scattered, and those whom I have hurt.
Micah 4:7 I will make those who limp a small surviving group, and those who were sent away a powerful nation: and God will rule over them on Mount Zion from now on, forever.
Micah 4:8 And you, tower of the sheep, the daughter of Zion's stronghold, power will come to you first; the kingdom will come to the daughter of Jerusalem.
Micah 4:9 Why are you crying out loud? Is there no king within you? Has your advisor died? For pains have gripped you like a woman in labor.
Micah 4:10 Feel pain and work hard to give birth, daughter of Zion, like a woman in childbirth: for now you will leave the city, you will live in the fields, and you will go all the way to Babylon; there you will be rescued; there God will save you from your enemies.
Micah 4:11 Now many countries are against you, saying, "Let her become dirty, and let us see Zion."
Micah 4:12 But they do not know God's thoughts or understand his plan: for he will gather them like bundles of grain on the threshing floor.
Micah 4:13 Get up and crush, O daughter of Zion, for I will make your strength iron, and I will make your feet brass, and you will break many people into pieces, and I will dedicate their wealth to God, and their possessions to the God of the whole earth.

Micah 5:1 Get ready for battle, people of the city; we are under attack. They will strike the leader of Israel on the face with a stick.
Micah 5:2 Though you, Bethlehem Ephratah, are small among the clans of Judah, from you will come for me a ruler over Israel, whose origins are from long ago, from ancient times.
Micah 5:3 So he will let them go until the woman in labor gives birth; then, the rest of his brothers will come back to the people of Israel.
Micah 5:4 He will stand and take care of the sheep with God's power, in the greatness of God's name; and they will live safely, because he will be honored everywhere on earth.
Micah 5:5 This man will bring peace when the Assyrian invades our land; and if he marches into our palaces, we will fight against him with seven leaders and eight top officials.
Micah 5:6 They will destroy Assyria's land with the sword, and Nimrod's land at its borders: so he will save us from the Assyrian when he enters our land and walks inside our borders.
Micah 5:7 Jacob's remaining people will be among many, like dew from God, like rain on the grass, not depending on anyone or waiting for humans.
Micah 5:8 The remaining people of Jacob will live among the nations, with many people, like a lion among the forest animals, like a young lion among sheep. He will pass through, trample, and tear apart, and no one can rescue.
Micah 5:9 Your hand will rise against your enemies, and all your foes will be destroyed.
Micah 5:10 On that day, God says, I will take away your horses and destroy your chariots.
Micah 5:11 I will destroy the cities in your land and knock down all your fortresses.
Micah 5:12 I will remove witchcraft from your hands, and you will no longer have fortune-tellers.
Micah 5:13 I will destroy your idols and images from among you; you will no longer worship what your hands have made.
Micah 5:14 I will pull out your worship places from among you and I will destroy your cities.
Micah 5:15 I will carry out punishment with angry fury on the nations, the likes of which they have never heard.

Micah 6:1 Listen to what God says; stand up, argue your case before the mountains, and let the hills hear what you say.
Micah 6:2 Listen, mountains, to God's argument, and you solid grounds of the earth: for God has a dispute with his people, and he will speak to Israel about it.
Micah 6:3 My people, what have I done to you? How have I tired you? Tell me.
Micah 6:4 I brought you out of Egypt and saved you from slavery; and I sent Moses, Aaron, and Miriam ahead of you.
Micah 6:5 My people, remember what King Balak of Moab planned and what Balaam son of Beor told him from Shittim to Gilgal; so you understand the goodness of God.
Micah 6:6 How should I come before God and bow down to the High God? Should I come to Him with burnt offerings, with year-old calves?
Micah 6:7 Will God be happy with thousands of sheep, or with ten thousand gallons of oil? Should I offer my first child for my wrongs, the child of my body for the sin of my soul?
Micah 6:8 God has shown you, person, what is good. What does God ask of you but to act fairly, love kindness, and walk humbly with your God?
Micah 6:9 God's voice calls out to the city, and the wise person will recognize your name: listen to the punishment, and the one who has sent it.
Micah 6:10 Are there still stolen riches in the house of the bad person, and the dishonest short measure that is hated?
Micah 6:11 Can I consider them honest when they use unfair scales and bags of false weights?
Micah 6:12 The rich people there are very violent, the people living there tell lies, and their speech is full of trickery.
Micah 6:13 I will make you sick by striking you and make you empty because of your sins.
Micah 6:14 You will eat but not be full; you will be thrown down within yourself; you will try to save, but you will not succeed; and what you do save, I will let be destroyed by the sword.
Micah 6:15 You will plant seeds, but you will not harvest crops; you will press olives, but you will not use the oil; you will make sweet wine, but you will not drink it.
Micah 6:16 You follow Omri's laws and Ahab's family's deeds, and take their advice; so I will make you a wasteland, and your people will be mocked; therefore, you will suffer the shame of my people.

Micah 7:1 I am in trouble! I am like when people have picked the summer fruits, like the scraps left after grapes are picked: there is no bunch to eat; I really wanted the early ripe fruit.
Micah 7:2 The good person is gone from the world; no one is honest anymore. Everyone is setting traps to hurt others; they are all trying to catch their fellow man like hunting with a net.
Micah 7:3 They eagerly do bad things with both hands. The leader and the judge both want bribes; the powerful person tells of his evil wish, and so they plan it together.
Micah 7:4 Even the best person is like a prickly bush; the most honest is as sharp as a thorn fence. The time for your guards and punishment is coming; soon they will be confused.
Micah 7:5 Do not trust a friend or rely on a leader; be careful what you say around the one close to you.
Micah 7:6 The son disrespects his father, the daughter rebels against her mother, the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law; a man's enemies are his own family members.
Micah 7:7 So I will look to God; I will wait for the God who saves me: my God will listen to me.
Micah 7:8 Don't be happy over me, my enemy. If I fall down, I will get up; if I'm in the dark, God will be my light.
Micah 7:9 I will accept God's anger because I sinned against him, until he stands up for me and makes things right for me. He will lead me into the light, and I will see his goodness.
Micah 7:10 Then my enemy will see it, and she will be covered with shame, the one who asked me, "Where is your God?" I will see her then; she will be trampled like mud in the streets.
Micah 7:11 On the day when your walls are to be rebuilt, on that day the order will be ended.
Micah 7:12 On that day, he will come to you from Assyria, from strong cities, from the fortress to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain.
Micah 7:13 Despite this, the land will become empty because of the people living there, due to the results of their actions.
Micah 7:14 Take care of your people with your guidance, your special flock living alone in the forest, in the heart of Carmel: let them graze in Bashan and Gilead, like in the past.
Micah 7:15 Based on the number of days since you left Egypt, I will show him wonderful things.
Micah 7:16 Nations will see and be shocked by their own power; they will cover their mouths and be unable to hear.
Micah 7:17 They will lick the dust like snakes, they will come out of their holes like earthworms: they will be scared of our God and will be afraid because of you.
Micah 7:18 Who is a God like you, forgiving sin and overlooking the wrongs of those who are left of your people? You do not stay angry forever because you enjoy being merciful.
Micah 7:19 He will come back, he will show us mercy; he will conquer our wrongs; and you will throw all their sins into the sea's depths.
Micah 7:20 You will show your faithfulness to Jacob and love to Abraham, as you promised our ancestors long ago.

Nahum 1:1 The message about Nineveh. The vision that Nahum from Elkosh saw.
Nahum 1:2 God is jealous, and God takes revenge; God takes revenge and is very angry; God will punish those against him, and he keeps anger for his enemies.
Nahum 1:3 God is patient, very strong, and does not let the guilty go free. God moves in the tornado and the storm, and the clouds are like the dust under his feet.
Nahum 1:4 He scolds the sea, makes it dry, and dries up all the rivers: Bashan and Carmel wither, and the flowers of Lebanon also wither.
Nahum 1:5 Mountains shake before him, hills dissolve, and the earth burns at his arrival, including the world and everyone living in it.
Nahum 1:6 Who can withstand his anger? Who can endure his fierce rage? His fury is unleashed like fire, and he shatters rocks.
Nahum 1:7 God is good, a safe place in times of trouble; and he knows those who trust in him.
Nahum 1:8 With a sweeping flood, he will completely destroy that place, and darkness will chase his enemies.
Nahum 1:9 What are you planning against God? He will completely end it; trouble will not happen again.
Nahum 1:10 While they are tangled like thorns and drunk like drunkards, they will be consumed like completely dry straw.
Nahum 1:11 Someone from among you plans evil against God, a wicked advisor.
Nahum 1:12 God says, "Even if they are calm and many, they will be cut down when he comes through. Though I have caused you trouble, I will not do it anymore."
Nahum 1:13 I will now break his control over you and tear apart your chains.
Nahum 1:14 God has commanded that your name will no longer spread. I will destroy the carved and metal idols from your temple. I will prepare your grave because you are wicked.
Nahum 1:15 Look at the mountains—the feet of the one who brings good news and announces peace! O Judah, celebrate your festivals and keep your promises: the evil one will not invade you again; he is completely defeated.

Nahum 2:1 The destroyer has come before you: guard the fortress, watch the road, strengthen your waist, and power up greatly.
Nahum 2:2 God has taken away Jacob's greatness, just like Israel's; because the enemies have stripped them bare and ruined their vine branches.
Nahum 2:3 The warriors' shields are red, the brave wear red clothes: on the day of battle, the chariots will blaze with fire, and the evergreen trees will shake violently.
Nahum 2:4 Chariots will speed through the streets, bumping into each other on wide roads; they will look like bright torches and move as fast as lightning.
Nahum 2:5 He will list his brave men: they will trip as they walk; they will rush to its wall, and the protection will be set up.
Nahum 2:6 The river gates will be opened, and the palace will fall apart.
Nahum 2:7 Huzzab will be captured and taken away; she will be led by her maids who sound like cooing doves, beating on their chests.
Nahum 2:8 Nineveh is an ancient city like a water pond, but its people will run away. "Stop, stop," they will shout, but no one will turn around.
Nahum 2:9 Take the silver loot, take the gold loot; there is no end to the riches and beauty from all the nice things.
Nahum 2:10 It is empty and ruined and destroyed; hearts are faint, knees knock, all hips hurt, and every face grows pale.
Nahum 2:11 Where is the home of the lions and the place where the young lions eat, where the lion, the old lion, walked, and the lion's cub, without fear?
Nahum 2:12 The lion tore enough for his cubs, choked food for his lionesses, and filled his lairs with prey, and his dens with torn animals.
Nahum 2:13 Look, I am against you, says God, and I will burn your chariots in smoke, and the sword will kill your young lions: I will take away your hunted animals from the land, and no one will hear your messengers anymore.

Nahum 3:1 Trouble to the violent city! It is full of lies and theft; the victims never escape.
Nahum 3:2 The sound of a whip, the clatter of wheels, the pounding of horses, and the bouncing of chariots.
Nahum 3:3 The rider raises both the shiny sword and the sparkling spear. There are many killed and lots of dead bodies, with no end to their remains; they trip over their own bodies.
Nahum 3:4 Because the beautiful prostitute did many bad sexual things and used magic to control people, she sold entire nations and families.
Nahum 3:5 I am against you, says God; and I will lift your skirts over your face, I will show the nations your bareness, and the kingdoms your disgrace.
Nahum 3:6 I will throw disgusting dirt on you, make you unwanted, and put you on display for all to see.
Nahum 3:7 Everyone who sees you will run away and say, 'Nineveh is destroyed. Who will feel sorry for her? Where can I find someone to comfort you?'
Nahum 3:8 Are you better than the crowded city of No, which was located by the rivers, surrounded by water, whose defense was the sea, and whose walls were also from the sea?
Nahum 3:9 Ethiopia and Egypt gave her great power, and it had no limit; Put and Lubim were your helpers.
Nahum 3:10 She was taken away and made a prisoner. Her young children were killed in the streets, they drew lots for her leaders, and all her important men were tied up with chains.
Nahum 3:11 You will also get drunk; you will hide yourself; you too will look for strength because of the enemy.
Nahum 3:12 Your strong places will be like fig trees with early figs: if shaken, they will fall right into the eater’s mouth.
Nahum 3:13 Look, your people are weak like women; your land's gates will be wide open to your enemies; fire will burn up your defenses.
Nahum 3:14 Gather water for the siege, strengthen your defenses: go to the clay and step on the mortar, make the brick oven strong.
Nahum 3:15 Fire will consume you; a sword will eliminate you, like a cankerworm it will devour you. Though you increase in number like cankerworms, though you multiply like locusts.
Nahum 3:16 You have more traders than the stars in the sky: the locust destroys and then flies away.
Nahum 3:17 Your leaders swarm like locusts, and your officials are like the big locusts that settle in the walls on a chilly day, but when the sun comes up they fly away, and no one knows where they go.
Nahum 3:18 Your leaders sleep, O Assyrian king: your important people will lie in the dust: your people are spread on the mountains, and nobody brings them together.
Nahum 3:19 Your injury cannot be healed; your wound is severe. Everyone who hears about you will clap their hands because your evil has affected everyone without stopping.

Habakkuk 1:1 The message that the prophet Habakkuk saw.
Habakkuk 1:2 God, how long must I call for help, but you do not listen? I cry to you about violence, but you do not save.
Habakkuk 1:3 Why do you show me wrongdoing, and make me see trouble? Destruction and violence are in front of me; there are people who start fights and arguments.
Habakkuk 1:4 So the law fails, and fair judgment is not carried out because the wicked surround the good; that's why unfair decisions are made.
Habakkuk 1:5 Look among the nations, watch, and be amazed: for I will do something in your time that you won't believe, even if someone tells you.
Habakkuk 1:6 Look, I am bringing the Chaldeans, a fierce and quick-moving people, who will spread across the land and take over homes that do not belong to them.
Habakkuk 1:7 They are frightening and awful: they make their own rules and honor.
Habakkuk 1:8 Their horses are faster than leopards and fiercer than night wolves. The riders will spread out, and they will come from far away. They will swoop down like eagles rushing to feed.
Habakkuk 1:9 They will all come to do violence: their faces will be eager like the east wind, and they will collect captives like the sand.
Habakkuk 1:10 They will mock the kings, and laugh at the princes. They will make fun of every fortress, because they will pile up dirt and capture it.
Habakkuk 1:11 Then he will change his mind, cross over, and do wrong, giving credit for his strength to his god.
Habakkuk 1:12 Aren't you eternal, my God, my Holy One? We will not die. God, you have appointed them for judgment; and, mighty God, you have set them up for discipline.
Habakkuk 1:13 You have purer eyes than to see evil and cannot look at wrongs. So why do you watch those who are dishonest and stay silent when the wicked swallows someone more righteous than himself?
Habakkuk 1:14 You make people like fish in the sea, like crawling creatures with no one to lead them.
Habakkuk 1:15 They catch all of them with a hook, trap them in their net, and collect them with their netting; so they are happy and joyful.
Habakkuk 1:16 So they offer sacrifices to their nets and burn incense to their fishing dragnets, because these things give them rich and abundant food.
Habakkuk 1:17 Will they then keep emptying their net, never stopping the killing of nations?

Habakkuk 2:1 I will stand at my guard post and take my position on the watchtower. I will look to see what God will tell me and how I should respond when I am corrected.
Habakkuk 2:2 God answered me, "Write the vision clearly on tablets, so that anyone who reads it can quickly understand."
Habakkuk 2:3 The dream is set for a specific time, and it will come true at the end without lying. Even if it delays, keep waiting for it; it will certainly happen and won't be late.
Habakkuk 2:4 Look, the person with a proud heart is not right inside, but the righteous person will live by trusting in God.
Habakkuk 2:5 Yes, because he sins with wine, he is an arrogant man who does not stay home, but grows his wants like the grave, and is like death, never satisfied, collecting all nations to himself and piling up all people.
Habakkuk 2:6 Won't everyone use a story against him, mock him, and say, "How terrible for the one who takes what isn't his! How long? And for the one who burdens himself with heavy debts!"
Habakkuk 2:7 Won't they suddenly rise up to bite you, awaken to trouble you, and you will become loot for them?
Habakkuk 2:8 Because you have robbed many nations, all the survivors will rob you; because of people's bloodshed, and violence to the land, the city, and to everyone living there.
Habakkuk 2:9 How terrible for the person who greedily wants wrong things for his home, trying to place his home safe and high to avoid evil's reach!
Habakkuk 2:10 You have brought disgrace to your family by harming many people, and you have wronged your own life.
Habakkuk 2:11 The stone in the wall will cry out, and the wooden beam will respond.
Habakkuk 2:12 Trouble comes to the one who builds a town with bloodshed and starts a city with wrongdoing!
Habakkuk 2:13 Look, isn't it because of God that people work hard for nothing and wear themselves out for no reason?
Habakkuk 2:14 The earth will be full of understanding God's glory, just like water fills the sea.
Habakkuk 2:15 Trouble comes to the one who gives their neighbor drink, pouring from the bottle to get them drunk, so they can gaze upon their nakedness!
Habakkuk 2:16 You are full of shame instead of honor: drink yourself, and show your nakedness: the cup from God's right hand will come around to you, and disgrace will cover your glory.
Habakkuk 2:17 Lebanon's violence will fall on you, and the terror from the animals you scared, because of the bloodshed and the violence in the land, the city, and all who live there.
Habakkuk 2:18 What good is an idol that has been carved? Or a cast image and a spreader of falsehoods, when their creator trusts in them to make silent gods?
Habakkuk 2:19 Bad luck to the person who tells a piece of wood to wake up or a silent stone to get up—it can’t teach. Look, it's covered with gold and silver, but there's no life inside it at all.
Habakkuk 2:20 God is in his holy place: let everyone on earth be quiet before him.

Habakkuk 3:1 Habakkuk the prophet's prayer for troubling times.
Habakkuk 3:2 God, I have heard what you said and was scared: God, make your work live again during the years, let it be known; even when you're angry, please remember to be kind.
Habakkuk 3:3 God came from Teman, and the Holy One from Mount Paran. His brightness filled the sky, and the earth was full of His praise.
Habakkuk 3:4 His brightness was like the light; he had rays shining from his hand: and that's where his power was hidden.
Habakkuk 3:5 A disease spread before him, and fiery sparks shot out from under his feet.
Habakkuk 3:6 He stood and measured the earth; he looked and separated the nations; the ancient mountains crumbled, the eternal hills bowed down; his paths are forever.
Habakkuk 3:7 I saw the tents of Cushan in trouble; and the tents in the land of Midian shook.
Habakkuk 3:8 Was God unhappy with the rivers? Were you angry with the rivers? Were you mad at the sea when you rode on your horses and drove your chariots to save us?
Habakkuk 3:9 Your bow was fully revealed, as promised to the tribes, your word. Pause. You split the earth with rivers.
Habakkuk 3:10 The mountains saw you and shook; the floodwaters swept by; the ocean roared and raised its waves high.
Habakkuk 3:11 The sun and moon stopped in the sky; by the light of your arrows, they moved, and by the glow of your shining spear.
Habakkuk 3:12 You marched through the land in anger, you crushed the nations in your wrath.
Habakkuk 3:13 You went out to save your people, to save your chosen one; you crushed the leader of the wicked house, laying bare the foundation all the way to the neck. Pause.
Habakkuk 3:14 You struck the leaders' heads with their own staffs. They attacked me like a whirlwind, eager to secretly destroy the weak.
Habakkuk 3:15 You walked through the sea with your horses, through the mass of deep waters.
Habakkuk 3:16 When I heard, my stomach shook; my lips shook at the sound: decay spread in my bones, and I shook inside, so I could be calm on the day of trouble: when he rises against the people, he will attack them with his soldiers.
Habakkuk 3:17 Even if the fig tree does not bloom and the grapes don't grow on the vines; if the olive crop fails and the fields make no food; if there are no sheep in the pen and no cattle in the barns;
Habakkuk 3:18 I will be happy in God, I will take joy in the God who saves me.
Habakkuk 3:19 God gives me strength, makes me as sure-footed as a deer, and lets me walk on the heights. For the director of music with stringed instruments.

Zephaniah 1:1 God's message came to Zephaniah, Cushi's son, Gedaliah's grandson, Amariah's great-grandson, and Hizkiah's great-great-grandson, during Josiah's time, Amon's son, who was king of Judah.
Zephaniah 1:2 I will completely destroy everything from the land, says God.
Zephaniah 1:3 I will destroy people and animals; I will destroy the birds in the sky and the fish in the sea, along with the obstacles that the wicked face: and I will wipe out people from the earth, says God.
Zephaniah 1:4 I will reach out my hand against Judah, and against everyone living in Jerusalem; I will eliminate the followers of Baal from this place, along with the idolatrous priests.
Zephaniah 1:5 Those who worship the stars from their rooftops, and those who worship and make promises by God, and those who make promises by Malcham.
Zephaniah 1:6 And those who turned away from God; and those who did not look for God, or ask about Him.
Zephaniah 1:7 Be quiet before God, because God's day is near: God has prepared a sacrifice and invited His guests.
Zephaniah 1:8 On the day of God's sacrifice, I will punish the leaders, the king's children, and all who wear foreign clothes.
Zephaniah 1:9 On that day, I will also punish everyone who jumps over the doorway and fills their master's house with violence and lies.
Zephaniah 1:10 On that day, God says there will be a sound of crying from the Fish Gate, a wailing from the second area, and a loud crash from the hills.
Zephaniah 1:11 Cry out, people of Maktesh, because all the traders are destroyed; everyone who handles silver is wiped out.
Zephaniah 1:12 At that time, I will search Jerusalem with lamps and punish those who are comfortable and think God will neither help nor harm.
Zephaniah 1:13 So their possessions will be stolen, and their homes will be empty. They will build houses but not live in them, and they will grow grapes but not drink the wine.
Zephaniah 1:14 God's great day is close, very close, and is coming quickly. Even the shouts on that day will make strong men cry loudly.
Zephaniah 1:15 That day is a day of anger, a day of problems and suffering, a day of destruction and ruin, a day of darkness and sadness, a day of clouds and deep shadow.
Zephaniah 1:16 A day of trumpet blasts and warnings against the walled cities and tall towers.
Zephaniah 1:17 I will cause trouble for people, making them stumble like blind people, because they sinned against God. Their blood will spill like dust, and their bodies will be like waste.
Zephaniah 1:18 Their silver and gold won't save them when God is angry. The whole land will be consumed by the fire of his jealousy. He will quickly remove everyone living in the land.

Zephaniah 2:1 Come together, yes, come together, unwanted nation.
Zephaniah 2:2 Before the command comes out, before the day flies away like husks, before God's strong anger hits you, before the day of God's anger arrives.
Zephaniah 2:3 Look for God, all you humble people of the earth, who have followed his laws; look for doing right and being humble: perhaps you will be kept safe on the day of God's anger.
Zephaniah 2:4 Gaza will be abandoned, Ashkelon will be ruined, they will force Ashdod out at midday, and Ekron will be destroyed.
Zephaniah 2:5 Sorry for you, people by the sea, Cherethite nation! God's message is against you; Canaan, land of the Philistines, I will destroy you so no one will live there.
Zephaniah 2:6 The seashore will become homes and huts for shepherds, and pens for sheep.
Zephaniah 2:7 The land will be for Judah's survivors; they will graze there. At night, they will rest in Ashkelon's homes because God will care for them and end their exile.
Zephaniah 2:8 I have heard Moab's insults and Ammon's children's taunts, as they insult my people and boast against their land.
Zephaniah 2:9 So I promise, as I am alive, says God, Moab will become like Sodom and the Ammonites like Gomorrah—a place of weeds and salt pits, a land forever empty. The survivors of my people will take their things, and those left of my people will own their land.
Zephaniah 2:10 They will receive this for their arrogance because they insulted and acted superior to God's people.
Zephaniah 2:11 God will be fearsome to them: for he will starve all the earth's gods; and people will worship him, each from their own place, including all the islands of the nations.
Zephaniah 2:12 You people of Ethiopia will also be killed by my sword.
Zephaniah 2:13 He will reach out his hand to the north to ruin Assyria; he will turn Nineveh into ruins, dry as a desert.
Zephaniah 2:14 Animals will rest inside the city, creatures from every country: birds like pelicans and herons will nest in the high beams; their sounds will fill the windows; ruins will be at the doorways because God will reveal the woodwork.
Zephaniah 2:15 This happy city lived without worries, and thought to herself, "I am alone and there's no one like me." But look how it's now empty, a spot where animals rest! Everyone who goes by will hiss and shake their head.

Zephaniah 3:1 Sadness to the dirty and tainted city, to the one that oppresses!
Zephaniah 3:2 She did not listen; she did not accept correction; she did not trust in God; she did not draw close to her God.
Zephaniah 3:3 Her leaders inside her city are like loud lions; her judges are like wolves at night; they don't even leave bones until the next day.
Zephaniah 3:4 Her prophets are unreliable and deceitful; her priests have made the holy place dirty and have broken the law.
Zephaniah 3:5 The fair God is in the middle of it all; he will not act wrongly: every morning he shows his fair decisions, he does not fail; but the unfair have no shame.
Zephaniah 3:6 I have destroyed the nations: their towers are empty; I have made their streets empty, so no one passes by: their cities are ruined, with no people, with no one living there.
Zephaniah 3:7 I thought, 'You will surely respect God and accept guidance, so your homes won't be destroyed, no matter how I punish you.' But they got up early and ruined everything they did.
Zephaniah 3:8 Wait for me, says God, until the day I come to punish. I plan to bring together nations and kingdoms, so I can unleash my fury and intense anger on them. The whole earth will be consumed by the fire of my jealousy.
Zephaniah 3:9 Then I will give the people a clear language, so they can all call on God's name and serve him together.
Zephaniah 3:10 From beyond Ethiopia's rivers, my worshipers, the scattered people's children, will bring me gifts.
Zephaniah 3:11 On that day, you will not feel shame for all your wrong actions against me; because I will remove from you those who take pride in your arrogance, and you will no longer act superior because of my sacred hill.
Zephaniah 3:12 I will also leave among you a suffering and poor people, and they will trust in God's name.
Zephaniah 3:13 The remaining people of Israel will not do wrong, nor will they tell lies; they will not have deceitful speech: because they will eat and rest, and no one will scare them.
Zephaniah 3:14 Sing, daughter of Zion; yell, Israel; be happy and celebrate with all your heart, daughter of Jerusalem.
Zephaniah 3:15 God has removed your punishments and thrown out your enemies. The King of Israel, God Himself, is with you; you will not see evil again.
Zephaniah 3:16 On that day, they will tell Jerusalem, "Don't be afraid," and to Zion, "Don't let your hands grow weak."
Zephaniah 3:17 God among you is powerful; he will save you, he will be happy with great joy; he will find peace in his love, he will delight in you with singing.
Zephaniah 3:18 I will bring together those who are sad because of the holy meeting, who belong to you, and felt its disgrace as a heavy load.
Zephaniah 3:19 Look, I will fix everything that hurts you at that time. I will rescue the limping one and bring back those who were scattered. I will give them honor and recognition in all the places where they were disgraced.
Zephaniah 3:20 At that time, I will bring you back when I gather you. I will make your name honored and praised by all people on earth, when I free you and you see it, says God.

Haggai 1:1 In Darius's second year as king, on the first day of the sixth month, God's message came through the prophet Haggai to Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son and the governor of Judah, and to Joshua, Josedech's son and the high priest.
Haggai 1:2 God says, "These people claim it's not the time to build God's house."
Haggai 1:3 God's message came through the prophet Haggai, saying,
Haggai 1:4 Is it time for you to live in your paneled houses while this house remains in ruins?
Haggai 1:5 So now, God says this: Think about what you're doing.
Haggai 1:6 You planted a lot but harvest little; you eat but aren't full; you drink but aren't satisfied; you dress but aren't warm; and you earn money only to put it into a pocket with holes.
Haggai 1:7 God says; Think about what you do.
Haggai 1:8 Go to the mountain, get wood, and make the house; I will enjoy it and be honored, says God.
Haggai 1:9 You expected a lot, but see, it turned out to be little; and when you brought it home, I scattered it. Why? says God. Because my house is ruined, while each of you rushes to care for your own house.
Haggai 1:10 So the sky above you doesn't give dew, and the earth doesn't produce crops.
Haggai 1:11 I called for dryness on the land, the mountains, the grain, the new wine, the oil, the crops, the people, the animals, and all the work they do.
Haggai 1:12 Then Zerubbabel, Shealtiel's son, and Joshua, Josedech's son, the high priest, with all the remaining people, listened to God's voice and Haggai the prophet's words, because God had sent him, and the people respected God.
Haggai 1:13 Then Haggai, God's messenger, delivered God's message to the people, saying, "I am with you," says God.
Haggai 1:14 God motivated the spirit of Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel, leader of Judah, and Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirits of all the remaining people; and they came and worked on God's house.
Haggai 1:15 On the twenty-fourth day of the sixth month, in King Darius's second year.

Haggai 2:1 In the seventh month, on the twenty-first day, God's message came through the prophet Haggai, saying,
Haggai 2:2 Talk to Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel, the leader of Judah, and to Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the rest of the people, and say,
Haggai 2:3 Who among you saw this temple when it was first built? And what do you think of it now? Doesn't it seem like nothing compared to before?
Haggai 2:4 Be strong now, Zerubbabel, says God; and be strong, Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all you people of the land, says God, and work: because I am with you, says God.
Haggai 2:5 Based on the promise I made to you when you left Egypt, my spirit stays with you: do not be afraid.
Haggai 2:6 God says: After a little while, I will shake the sky, the earth, the sea, and the land.
Haggai 2:7 I will shake all nations, and what every nation wants will come. I will fill this house with glory, says God.
Haggai 2:8 The silver and the gold belong to me, says God.
Haggai 2:9 The splendor of this new house will be greater than the old one, says God, and here I will bring peace, says God.
Haggai 2:10 On the 24th day of the ninth month, in the second year of King Darius, God's message came through the prophet Haggai, saying,
Haggai 2:11 God says; Now ask the priests about the law and tell them,
Haggai 2:12 If someone carries sacred meat in their clothes and their clothes touch bread, soup, wine, oil, or any food, will it become sacred? The priests said no.
Haggai 2:13 Then Haggai asked, "If someone unclean from a dead body touches any of these, does it become unclean?" And the priests replied, "It will become unclean."
Haggai 2:14 Haggai replied, "This is how these people and this nation are before God, and so is everything they do; even their offerings are unclean."
Haggai 2:15 Please think about this day and the past, before any stone was set on another in God's temple.
Haggai 2:16 Since that time, when someone went to a pile of twenty measures, there were only ten; when someone went to the wine vat to get fifty containers, there were only twenty.
Haggai 2:17 I struck you with blight, mildew, and hail, which ruined your work; but you still didn't turn to me, says God.
Haggai 2:18 Think about this day and from now on, from the 24th day of the ninth month, since the day the foundation of God's temple was set, think about it.
Haggai 2:19 Is the seed still in the barn? Yes, the grapevine, fig tree, pomegranate, and olive tree haven't produced fruit yet. But from today, I will bless you.
Haggai 2:20 Once more, on the twenty-fourth day of the month, God's message came to Haggai.
Haggai 2:21 Tell Zerubbabel, the leader of Judah, I will shake the sky and the ground.
Haggai 2:22 I will topple the rulers of nations, destroy the power of foreign kingdoms, overturn their war chariots and riders; the horses and riders will fall, each killed by his comrade's sword.
Haggai 2:23 On that day, says God, I will choose you, Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, says God, and I will make you like a seal ring, because I have chosen you, says God.

Zechariah 1:1 In the eighth month, during Darius's second year as king, God sent a message to Zechariah, Berechiah's son and the grandson of Iddo the prophet.
Zechariah 1:2 God was very unhappy with your ancestors.
Zechariah 1:3 Tell them this: 'God of all commands: Come back to me, and I will come back to you,' says God of all.
Zechariah 1:4 Do not be like your ancestors. Before, prophets told them, "God says, 'Now stop your evil ways and actions.' But they did not listen or pay attention to me," says God.
Zechariah 1:5 Where are your ancestors now? And do prophets live forever?
Zechariah 1:6 But my words and my laws, which I gave to my prophets, didn't your ancestors take them to heart? When they did, they turned back and realized, just as God planned to treat us based on our actions and behavior, so he has done to us.
Zechariah 1:7 On the twenty-fourth day of the eleventh month, called Sebat, in the second year of Darius, God spoke to Zechariah, Berechiah's son, Iddo's grandson, the prophet.
Zechariah 1:8 At night, I saw a man on a red horse standing among the myrtle trees in the valley, with red, speckled, and white horses behind him.
Zechariah 1:9 I said, "Oh sir, what are these?" And the angel speaking with me replied, "I will show you what they are."
Zechariah 1:10 The man standing among the myrtle trees replied, "These are the ones God has sent to walk back and forth across the earth."
Zechariah 1:11 They replied to the angel of God standing among the myrtle trees, "We have walked back and forth across the earth, and see, the whole earth is quiet and at peace."
Zechariah 1:12 Then the angel from God replied and said, "God of all, how long will you not show kindness to Jerusalem and the towns of Judah, which you have been angry with for seventy years?"
Zechariah 1:13 God answered the angel who was speaking to me with kind and comforting words.
Zechariah 1:14 The angel talking to me told me to shout this message: "God says, 'I have a strong love for Jerusalem and Zion.'"
Zechariah 1:15 I am very upset with the nations that are calm: because I was only a little upset, but they made the trouble worse.
Zechariah 1:16 So God says, "I have come back to Jerusalem with kindness. My house will be built there," says God, "and Jerusalem will be marked out for building."
Zechariah 1:17 Say again, God of all says: My cities will grow with success; God will comfort Zion and choose Jerusalem again.
Zechariah 1:18 I looked up and saw four horns.
Zechariah 1:19 I asked the angel who was speaking with me, "What are these?" And he replied, "These are the horns that have spread out Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem."
Zechariah 1:20 God showed me four carpenters.
Zechariah 1:21 I asked, "What are these coming to do?" He answered, "These horns scattered Judah so no one could raise their head. But these have come to frighten them and to throw out the horns of the nations that raised their horn against the land of Judah to scatter it."

Zechariah 2:1 I looked up once more, and saw a man holding a measuring tape.
Zechariah 2:2 Then I asked, "Where are you going?" And he answered me, "To measure Jerusalem, to find out how wide and how long it is."
Zechariah 2:3 The angel who was speaking with me left, and another angel came out to meet him.
Zechariah 2:4 He said to him, "Go quickly, tell the young man, 'Jerusalem will be filled with people and animals, and it won't need walls.'"
Zechariah 2:5 I, says God, will be like a protective wall of fire around her, and I will be the honor within her.
Zechariah 2:6 Come, come, leave the land of the north, says God, for I have scattered you in all directions like the four winds of the sky, says God.
Zechariah 2:7 Save yourself, Zion, who lives among the people of Babylon.
Zechariah 2:8 God, the Lord of all, says this: After the glory, he sent me to the nations that robbed you. Because whoever harms you, harms the apple of his eye.
Zechariah 2:9 Look, I will wave my hand at them, and they will become loot for their own slaves. Then you will know that God has sent me.
Zechariah 2:10 Sing and be happy, daughter of Zion; for look, I am coming and I will live among you, says God.
Zechariah 2:11 Many countries will join with God on that day and will be my people. I will live among you, and you will realize that God has sent me to you.
Zechariah 2:12 God will take Judah as his own in the sacred land and will choose Jerusalem once more.
Zechariah 2:13 Everyone be quiet before God, for he has risen from his sacred home.

Zechariah 3:1 He showed me Joshua the high priest standing before God's angel, and Satan standing at his right side to oppose him.
Zechariah 3:2 God said to Satan, "God corrects you, Satan; God who chose Jerusalem corrects you. Isn't this like a stick saved from the fire?"
Zechariah 3:3 Joshua was wearing dirty clothes and stood in front of the angel.
Zechariah 3:4 He replied to those standing before him, "Remove the dirty clothes from him." Then he said to him, "See, I have taken away your sin, and I will dress you in new clothes."
Zechariah 3:5 I said, "Put a clean turban on his head." So they put a clean turban on his head and gave him clothes to wear. And God's messenger stood by.
Zechariah 3:6 The angel of God warned Joshua, saying,
Zechariah 3:7 God says: If you follow my ways and keep my commands, then you will also govern my house and guard my courts, and I will give you places to walk among those who stand here.
Zechariah 3:8 Listen, Joshua the high priest, you and your friends who sit with you: they are men to be marveled at. Look, I will bring out my servant, the Branch.
Zechariah 3:9 Look at the stone I put in front of Joshua. This one stone has seven eyes on it. I will carve its design, says God, and in one day, I will take away the sin of that land.
Zechariah 3:10 On that day, says God, everyone will invite their neighbor to sit together under the vine and the fig tree.

Zechariah 4:1 The angel who was speaking with me came back and woke me up like someone being woken from sleep.
Zechariah 4:2 He asked me, "What do you see?" And I answered, "I see a golden lampstand with a bowl at the top and seven lights on it, with seven tubes going to the lights."
Zechariah 4:3 Two olive trees were next to it, one on the right side of the bowl and one on the left side.
Zechariah 4:4 So I replied to the angel speaking with me, asking, "What are these, sir?"
Zechariah 4:5 The angel speaking with me replied and asked, "Do you not know what these are?" And I answered, "No, sir."
Zechariah 4:6 He replied to me, "This is what God tells Zerubbabel: 'Not by strength or by force, but by my spirit,' says God."
Zechariah 4:7 Who are you, great mountain? Before Zerubbabel, you will become flat land: and he will present the top stone amid shouts of 'Grace, grace to it!'
Zechariah 4:8 Also, God spoke to me, saying,
Zechariah 4:9 Zerubbabel's hands have started building this house; his hands will also complete it; and you will know that God has sent me to you.
Zechariah 4:10 Who has looked down on small beginnings? They will celebrate and see the measuring line in Zerubbabel's hand along with the seven; they represent God's eyes, which move throughout the entire world.
Zechariah 4:11 I answered and asked him, "What are these two olive trees on the right and left sides of the lampstand?"
Zechariah 4:12 I replied again and asked him, "What are these two olive branches that pour out golden oil through the two gold pipes?"
Zechariah 4:13 He answered and asked, "Do you not know what these are?" And I said, "No, sir."
Zechariah 4:14 He said, "These are the two chosen ones who stand by God of the whole earth."

Zechariah 5:1 Then I turned, raised my eyes, and saw a flying scroll.
Zechariah 5:2 He asked me, "What do you see?" I replied, "I see a flying scroll; it is twenty units long and ten units wide."
Zechariah 5:3 He told me, "This is the curse that will spread across the whole earth: everyone who steals will be punished as shown here; and everyone who lies under oath will be punished as shown there."
Zechariah 5:4 I will make this happen, says God of all, and it will go into the thief's house, and into the house of anyone who lies using my name: it will stay in the middle of his house, and destroy it, with its wood and stones.
Zechariah 5:5 The angel who was speaking to me went out and then said to me, "Look up now and see what is coming out."
Zechariah 5:6 I asked, "What is that?" He replied, "This is a measuring basket that is being sent out." He also said, "This represents them throughout the whole world."
Zechariah 5:7 Then I saw a piece of lead lifted up, and there was a woman sitting inside the basket.
Zechariah 5:8 He said, "This is evil." He threw it into the ephah and put the lead cover over its opening.
Zechariah 5:9 I looked up and saw two women coming with the wind in their wings. They had wings like a stork's wings. They lifted the basket up into the sky, between the earth and heaven.
Zechariah 5:10 Then I asked the angel who was speaking with me, "Where are they taking the basket?"
Zechariah 5:11 He told me to build a house for it in the land of Shinar: it will be set up and stand on its own foundation.

Zechariah 6:1 I turned, looked up, and saw four chariots coming from between two brass mountains.
Zechariah 6:2 In the first cart were red horses; and in the second cart black horses.
Zechariah 6:3 In the third chariot were white horses; in the fourth chariot were speckled and strong brown horses.
Zechariah 6:4 Then I replied to the angel who was speaking with me, "What are these, sir?"
Zechariah 6:5 The angel replied to me, "These are the four spirits of the sky, sent out from the presence of God who rules over the whole earth."
Zechariah 6:6 The black horses inside go to the north; the white follow them; and the gray head south.
Zechariah 6:7 The horse went out to travel back and forth across the land, and God said, "Go, move back and forth across the land." So they traveled back and forth across the land.
Zechariah 6:8 He called out to me and said, "Look, those going to the north country have calmed my spirit there."
Zechariah 6:9 God's message came to me, saying,
Zechariah 6:10 Choose some men from the captives, from Heldai, Tobijah, and Jedaiah, who have arrived from Babylon. Go on the same day to the house of Josiah, Zephaniah's son.
Zechariah 6:11 Then take silver and gold, make crowns, and put them on the head of Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest.
Zechariah 6:12 Tell him this message from God: Look at the man called The BRANCH; he will rise from where he is and build God's temple.
Zechariah 6:13 He will build God's temple; he will have honor and sit and govern on his throne; he will be a priest on his throne, and peace will be the plan between the two.
Zechariah 6:14 The crowns will be for Helem, Tobijah, Jedaiah, and Hen, Zephaniah's son, as a reminder in God's temple.
Zechariah 6:15 People from far away will come and build God's temple, and you will realize that God has sent me to you. This will happen if you carefully listen to and obey God.

Zechariah 7:1 In the fourth year of King Darius, God's message came to Zechariah on the fourth day of the ninth month, which is Chisleu.
Zechariah 7:2 They sent Sherezer, Regemmelech, and their men to the house of God to pray to God.
Zechariah 7:3 Talk to the priests in God's house and to the prophets, asking, "Should I cry and fast in the fifth month like I've been doing for many years?"
Zechariah 7:4 God spoke to me, saying,
Zechariah 7:5 Tell everyone in the land, and the priests, 'When you fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month for seventy years, were you really fasting for me?
Zechariah 7:6 When you ate and drank, wasn't it for your own benefit?
Zechariah 7:7 Shouldn't you listen to the words God spoke through the earlier prophets, when Jerusalem was full of people and thriving, and the surrounding cities were also populated, including the southern areas and the lowlands?
Zechariah 7:8 God's message came to Zechariah, saying,
Zechariah 7:9 God says, 'Make fair decisions and be kind and compassionate to each other.'
Zechariah 7:10 Do not mistreat widows or orphans, strangers, or the poor; and do not plan to harm your fellow person in your heart.
Zechariah 7:11 But they wouldn't listen, turned their backs, and covered their ears so they couldn't hear.
Zechariah 7:12 Yes, they made their hearts as hard as a diamond so they wouldn't listen to the law and the words that God had sent through his spirit by the earlier prophets; that's why a great anger came from God.
Zechariah 7:13 So, it happened that when he called, they did not listen; so when they called, I did not listen, says God.
Zechariah 7:14 I spread them out with a strong wind to countries they didn't know. The land was empty behind them, with no one going by or coming back, because they made the beautiful land empty.

Zechariah 8:1 God spoke to me once more, saying,
Zechariah 8:2 God says; I felt very jealous for Zion, and my jealousy for her was very strong.
Zechariah 8:3 God says, "I have come back to Zion, and I will live in the heart of Jerusalem. Jerusalem will be known as the City of Truth, and God's holy mountain will be called the Sacred Mountain."
Zechariah 8:4 God says: Old men and women will still live in Jerusalem's streets, each with a cane because of their great age.
Zechariah 8:5 The city's streets will be filled with boys and girls playing there.
Zechariah 8:6 God says: Even if this seems amazing to the few people left today, wouldn't it seem amazing to me as well? says God.
Zechariah 8:7 God says, "Look, I will rescue my people from the east and from the west."
Zechariah 8:8 I will bring them to live in the center of Jerusalem. They will be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and fairness.
Zechariah 8:9 God says; Stay strong, all who hear the prophets' words today, spoken since the time the temple foundation was laid, so that the temple can be built.
Zechariah 8:10 Before these days, people and animals did not get paid; there was no peace for anyone going or coming because of the trouble. I made everyone turn against their neighbor.
Zechariah 8:11 But now I will not act towards the remaining people as I did before, says God.
Zechariah 8:12 The seeds will grow well; the vine will produce fruit, the earth will yield its crops, and the sky will give its dew; and I will let the survivors among the people have all these things.
Zechariah 8:13 It will happen that, just as you were a curse among the nations, O people of Judah and Israel, so I will rescue you, and you will be a blessing. Do not be afraid, but be strong.
Zechariah 8:14 God says, "Just as I planned to punish you when your ancestors made me angry, says God, and I did not change my mind."
Zechariah 8:15 So, I have decided once more to be good to Jerusalem and the people of Judah: do not be afraid.
Zechariah 8:16 Do these things: Tell the truth to each other; make honest and peaceful decisions in your communities.
Zechariah 8:17 Do not think of hurting others in your hearts, and do not like lying promises, because I hate all these things, says God.
Zechariah 8:18 God's message came to me, saying,
Zechariah 8:19 God says: The fasts in the fourth, fifth, seventh, and tenth months will bring joy, happiness, and cheerful festivals to Judah's people; so love honesty and peace.
Zechariah 8:20 God says; It will happen, that people will come from many cities.
Zechariah 8:21 People from one city will go to another, saying, "Let's go quickly to worship God and to seek God. I will go too."
Zechariah 8:22 Yes, many people and powerful nations will come to look for God in Jerusalem and to pray to God.
Zechariah 8:23 God says, in those days, ten men from different nations and languages will grab the clothes of a Jewish man, saying, "We want to go with you because we've heard that God is with you."

Zechariah 9:1 The heavy message from God is in Hadrach, and Damascus will be its resting place: when people and all the tribes of Israel look to God.
Zechariah 9:2 Hamath will also border there; Tyre and Sidon, even if they are very wise.
Zechariah 9:3 Tyre built a stronghold for itself and piled up silver like dust, and gold like the mud of the streets.
Zechariah 9:4 Look, God will throw her out and destroy her strength in the sea; and she will be consumed by fire.
Zechariah 9:5 Ashkelon will see and be afraid; Gaza will see and be very sad, and so will Ekron, because what they hoped for will fail. The king will be gone from Gaza, and no one will live in Ashkelon.
Zechariah 9:6 A child born out of wedlock will live in Ashdod, and I will end the arrogance of the Philistines.
Zechariah 9:7 I will remove the blood from his mouth and the forbidden things from his teeth; but the one who stays will belong to our God, and will be like a leader in Judah, and Ekron will be like a Jebusite.
Zechariah 9:8 I will protect my house from the army and from anyone coming and going, and no one will oppress them again, because now I have seen it with my own eyes.
Zechariah 9:9 Be very happy, daughter of Zion; cheer, daughter of Jerusalem: see, your King comes to you: he is fair, and brings rescue; humble, and riding on a donkey, on a colt, the young of a donkey.
Zechariah 9:10 I will remove the war chariots from Ephraim and the horses from Jerusalem; the battle bows will be taken away. He will bring peace to the nations, and his rule will stretch from sea to sea and from the river to the ends of the earth.
Zechariah 9:11 You too, by the blood of your agreement, I have freed your captives from a waterless pit.
Zechariah 9:12 Go to the safe place, you who hope and wait; today I promise to give you back much more than you lost.
Zechariah 9:13 When I have prepared Judah, equipped it with Ephraim, and rallied your children, Zion, against Greece's children, making you like a warrior's sword.
Zechariah 9:14 God will be seen above them, and his arrow will shoot out like lightning: God will sound the trumpet and come with the southern storms.
Zechariah 9:15 God will protect them; they will eat and conquer with slingshot stones; they will drink and shout as if drunk; they will be full like bowls, like the corners of an altar.
Zechariah 9:16 God will save them on that day like a shepherd saves his sheep; they will shine in his land like jewels in a crown.
Zechariah 9:17 How great is God's goodness and beauty! Grain will make young men happy, and new wine will make young women joyful.

Zechariah 10:1 Ask God for rain when the late rains come; then God will send thunderclouds and give everyone rain for the plants in the fields.
Zechariah 10:2 The idols have said meaningless things, and the fortune-tellers have seen lies and told untrue dreams; they offer empty comfort. So the people wandered like sheep, distressed because they had no leader.
Zechariah 10:3 I became angry with the shepherds and punished the goats. God has taken care of his people, Judah, and made them strong like a fine horse in battle.
Zechariah 10:4 From him comes the cornerstone, from him the tent peg, from him the bow for battle, from him every ruler together.
Zechariah 10:5 They will be like strong warriors, stepping on their enemies in the street mud during the fight: and they will battle because God is with them, and the horse riders will be confused.
Zechariah 10:6 I will make the people of Judah strong, and I will rescue the people of Joseph. I will bring them back and settle them because I care for them. They will be as if I had never rejected them. I am God, their God, and I will listen to them.
Zechariah 10:7 The people of Ephraim will be strong, and their hearts will be happy like when drinking wine; yes, their children will see it and be happy; their hearts will be joyful in God.
Zechariah 10:8 I will call them and bring them together; for I have saved them: and they will multiply as they did before.
Zechariah 10:9 I will scatter them among the nations, and in distant lands they will remember me; they will live with their children and return.
Zechariah 10:10 I will bring them back from Egypt and gather them from Assyria; I will take them to Gilead and Lebanon, where there won't be enough room for them.
Zechariah 10:11 He will go through the sea in trouble, hit the sea's waves, and the river's depths will dry up. Assyria's pride will be lowered, and Egypt's power will leave.
Zechariah 10:12 I will make them strong in God; they will live and act in his name, says God.

Zechariah 11:1 Open your doors, Lebanon, so the fire can burn your cedar trees.
Zechariah 11:2 Cry out, pine tree, because the cedar has fallen; the powerful have been destroyed. Cry out, you oaks of Bashan, because the thick forest has been cut down.
Zechariah 11:3 Shepherds cry out because their beauty is ruined; young lions roar because the lush Jordan Valley is ruined.
Zechariah 11:4 God, my God, says: Take care of the sheep that are being killed.
Zechariah 11:5 The people who own them kill them and think they've done nothing wrong. Those who sell them say, "Praise God, I'm rich." And their own shepherds don't care about them.
Zechariah 11:6 I will not feel sorry for the people of the land anymore, says God. I will let everyone be captured by their neighbors and their ruler. They will attack the land, and I won't save them from it.
Zechariah 11:7 I will give food to the doomed sheep, including you, the needy ones. I got myself two sticks; I named one Beauty and the other Unity, and I took care of the sheep.
Zechariah 11:8 I also got rid of three shepherds in one month; I grew tired of them, and they strongly disliked me too.
Zechariah 11:9 I said, I won't take care of you anymore: let what is dying die, and what is to be cut off be cut off; and let the remaining ones eat each other's flesh.
Zechariah 11:10 I took my stick, named Beauty, and broke it to end the agreement I had with all the people.
Zechariah 11:11 It broke that day, and the needy sheep who followed me realized it was God's message.
Zechariah 11:12 I told them, "If you agree, pay me; if not, don't." So they gave me thirty silver coins as my payment.
Zechariah 11:13 God told me, "Throw it to the potter—the splendid price they valued me at." So I took the thirty pieces of silver and threw them to the potter at God's house.
Zechariah 11:14 Then I cut my other staff named Bands to break the unity between Judah and Israel.
Zechariah 11:15 God told me to take the tools of a foolish shepherd.
Zechariah 11:16 Look, I will bring up a shepherd in the land who won't care for the lost, or look for the young, or heal the injured, or feed the healthy, but he will eat the meat of the fat ones and tear off their hooves.
Zechariah 11:17 Pity the bad shepherd who abandons his sheep! He will be hurt in his arm and right eye: his arm will wither, and his right eye will become completely blind.

Zechariah 12:1 God has a message for Israel. God, who created the skies, set the earth's foundations, and made humans' spirit within them, says this message.
Zechariah 12:2 I will make Jerusalem a cup that makes all the surrounding people tremble, when they attack both Judah and Jerusalem.
Zechariah 12:3 On that day, I will make Jerusalem a heavy stone for everyone: anyone who tries to lift it will get hurt, even if all the world's people unite against it.
Zechariah 12:4 On that day, God says, I will strike every horse with panic and their riders with madness; I will watch over the people of Judah and make every horse of the nations blind.
Zechariah 12:5 The leaders of Judah will think, "The people of Jerusalem will give me strength through God, who commands heavenly armies."
Zechariah 12:6 On that day, I will make the leaders of Judah like a fire in a fireplace and like a blazing torch in a bundle of grain; they will burn up all the nearby nations on every side. And people will live in Jerusalem again, just like before.
Zechariah 12:7 God will save the homes of Judah first, so that the honor of David's family and Jerusalem's people won't be greater than that of Judah.
Zechariah 12:8 On that day, God will protect Jerusalem's people; the weakest among them will be like David; and David's family will be like God, like God's angel with them.
Zechariah 12:9 On that day, I will try to destroy all the countries that attack Jerusalem.
Zechariah 12:10 I will give the family of David and the people of Jerusalem a spirit of kindness and prayer. They will look at me, the one they have hurt, and they will be sad for him, like the sadness for an only child, and feel deep sorrow for him, like the sorrow for a firstborn.
Zechariah 12:11 On that day, there will be a great sadness in Jerusalem, like the sadness of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddo.
Zechariah 12:12 The land will be sad, each family by itself; David's family by itself, and their wives by themselves; Nathan's family by itself, and their wives by themselves.
Zechariah 12:13 The Levi family separately, and their wives separately; the Shimei family separately, and their wives separately.
Zechariah 12:14 Every remaining family, each on its own, and their wives by themselves.

Zechariah 13:1 On that day, there will be a spring made available to David's family and to the people of Jerusalem for cleansing from sin and impurity.
Zechariah 13:2 On that day, God says, I will remove the idols from the land, and they will be forgotten. I will also get rid of the false prophets and evil spirits from the land.
Zechariah 13:3 When someone still claims to speak for God, his own parents will say, "You must not live because you tell lies in God's name." They will be the ones to end his life for doing so.
Zechariah 13:4 On that day, the prophets will feel shame for every vision when they have prophesied; they won't wear rough clothes to trick people.
Zechariah 13:5 But he will say, "I am not a prophet, I am a farmer; a person taught me to care for animals since I was young."
Zechariah 13:6 Someone will ask him, "What are these wounds on your hands?" And he will reply, "These are the wounds I got at my friends' house."
Zechariah 13:7 Wake up, sword, against my shepherd, and against the man close to me, says God. Strike the shepherd, and the sheep will run away; I will act against the small ones.
Zechariah 13:8 God says that in the whole land, two-thirds will be cut off and die, but one-third will be left.
Zechariah 13:9 I will take a third of the people through fire and make them pure like silver, and test them like gold. They will call on me, and I will listen. I will say, 'These are my people,' and they will say, 'God is our God.'

Zechariah 14:1 Look, God's day is coming, and your possessions will be shared out among you.
Zechariah 14:2 I will bring all countries together to fight against Jerusalem; the city will be captured, homes will be looted, and women will be violated; half of the city will be taken prisoner, and the rest of the people will not be separated from the city.
Zechariah 14:3 Then God will go out and battle those nations, just as he did on the day of war.
Zechariah 14:4 On that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, east of Jerusalem. The Mount of Olives will split in two from east to west, forming a huge valley. Half of the mountain will move north and half will move south.
Zechariah 14:5 You will run to the mountain valley; this valley will stretch to Azal. Yes, you will run as you did when you escaped the earthquake in Uzziah's time, king of Judah. God will come, and all the holy people with you.
Zechariah 14:6 On that day, the light will neither be bright nor completely dark.
Zechariah 14:7 There will be one day known to God, not day or night, but in the evening there will be light.
Zechariah 14:8 On that day, fresh water will flow from Jerusalem, half to the eastern sea and half to the western sea, in both summer and winter.
Zechariah 14:9 God will be king over the whole earth: on that day, God will be the only one, and his name the only one.
Zechariah 14:10 All the land will become flat from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem. It will be raised up and people will live there, from the gate of Benjamin to the location of the first gate, to the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel to the king's wine presses.
Zechariah 14:11 People will live there, and there won't be any more total destruction; instead, Jerusalem will be a safe place to live.
Zechariah 14:12 This is the sickness God will use to punish all the people who battled against Jerusalem: their flesh will rot while they are still standing, their eyes will rot in their sockets, and their tongues will rot in their mouths.
Zechariah 14:13 On that day, a great commotion from God will be among the people; they will all grab their neighbor's hand, and they will turn against each other.
Zechariah 14:14 Judah will also fight at Jerusalem; all the riches of the surrounding nations, gold, silver, and clothes, will be collected in large amounts.
Zechariah 14:15 This is how the disease will affect the horses, mules, camels, donkeys, and all the animals in the tents, just like this disease.
Zechariah 14:16 Everyone remaining from the nations that attacked Jerusalem will go there every year to worship God, the King, and to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:17 If any family on earth does not go to Jerusalem to worship the King, God, they will not get any rain.
Zechariah 14:18 If Egypt's people don't go and don't come because they have no rain, there will be a disease with which God will punish the nations that don't go to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:19 This will be the punishment for Egypt and for all nations that do not come to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.
Zechariah 14:20 On that day, the horses' bells will have "Holiness to God" on them, and the pots in God's house will be like the bowls at the altar.
Zechariah 14:21 Yes, every pot in Jerusalem and Judah will be sacred to God. Everyone who offers a sacrifice will come and use them to boil their offerings. On that day, there will be no Canaanites in God's house.

Malachi 1:1 God's message for Israel through Malachi.
Malachi 1:2 God says, "I have loved you. But you ask, 'How have you loved us?' Wasn't Esau Jacob's brother? But I loved Jacob.
Malachi 1:3 I disliked Esau and destroyed his hills and land, leaving it empty for the wild desert creatures.
Malachi 1:4 Edom says, "We are poor, but we will rebuild the ruins." But God says, "They may build, but I will destroy. They will be known as 'Land of Evil' and 'People God is always angry with.'"
Malachi 1:5 You will see and say, "God will be honored from Israel's border."
Malachi 1:6 A son respects his father, and a servant respects his master. So if I am a father, where is my respect? And if I am a master, where is the fear of me? says God to you, priests, who look down on my name. And you ask, How have we looked down on your name?
Malachi 1:7 You offer dirty bread on my altar, and you ask, "How have we made you dirty?" By saying, "God's table is not important."
Malachi 1:8 If you sacrifice blind animals, isn't that wrong? And if you sacrifice lame or sick ones, isn't that wrong too? Would your governor be happy with that or accept you? says God of all.
Malachi 1:9 And now, please ask God to be kind to us; this happened because of you. Will he respect you? says God Almighty.
Malachi 1:10 Is there anyone among you who would close the doors for nothing? You don't even light a fire on my altar without being paid. I am not pleased with you, says God, and I won't accept your offerings.
Malachi 1:11 From sunrise to sunset, my name will be great among the nations. Everywhere, people will offer incense and pure sacrifices in my name because my name will be great among the nations, says God of hosts.
Malachi 1:12 But you have dishonored it by saying, "God's table is dirty;" and its fruit, even its food, is despised.
Malachi 1:13 You also said, "Look, how tiring this is!" and you scorned it, says God; and you brought the torn, the lame, and the sick animals; you offered this as a gift: should I accept this from you? says God.
Malachi 1:14 Let the trickster be cursed, who has a male in his flock and promises it but sacrifices a damaged one to God instead. For I am a great King, says God, and my name is feared among the nations.

Malachi 2:1 And now, priests, this order is for you.
Malachi 2:2 If you won't listen and don't take seriously giving honor to my name, says God of all, I will send a curse on you, and I will turn your blessings into curses—indeed, I have already done it because you don't take it to heart.
Malachi 2:3 Look, I will ruin your crops and put waste on your faces, the waste from your special feasts; and someone will carry you off with it.
Malachi 2:4 You will understand that I sent this order to you so that my agreement would be with Levi, says God.
Malachi 2:5 I made a promise to him of life and peace; and I gave them to him because he respected me and was in awe of my name.
Malachi 2:6 He spoke the truth, and no wrong was on his lips; he walked with me in peace and fairness, turning many from sin.
Malachi 2:7 The priest's mouth should share knowledge, and people should look for teaching from him, because he is God's messenger.
Malachi 2:8 You have left the right path; you made many people trip over the law; you have ruined the agreement of Levi, says God.
Malachi 2:9 Because of this, I have made you despised and lowly in front of everyone, because you have not followed my ways and have been unfair in applying the law.
Malachi 2:10 Don't we all have one father? Didn't one God make us? Why then do we betray each other, breaking the agreement of our ancestors?
Malachi 2:11 Judah has been unfaithful, and a terrible thing has happened in Israel and Jerusalem; Judah has disgraced the sacredness of God, which he cherished, and has married a woman who worships a different god.
Malachi 2:12 God will remove the man who does this, both the leader and the follower, from the homes of Jacob, and anyone who makes an offering to God of hosts.
Malachi 2:13 You have done this again, making God's altar wet with tears, weeping, and loud crying, so much that God doesn't care about the offerings, or accept them happily from you.
Malachi 2:14 But you ask, "Why?" It is because God has been a witness between you and the wife of your youth, whom you have betrayed, although she is your partner, the wife you promised to stay with.
Malachi 2:15 Did not God make them one? Yet he had a spirit left. Why one? To find a godly offspring. So watch over your spirit, and do not betray the wife of your youth.
Malachi 2:16 God, the God of Israel, says he hates divorce: for it covers one's clothes with violence, says God of the armies: so be careful in your spirit, and do not be unfaithful.
Malachi 2:17 You have tired God with your words. But you ask, "How have we tired him?" When you say, "Anyone who does evil is good to God, and he enjoys them," or "Where is the God who judges?"

Malachi 3:1 Look, I will send my messenger, and he will make the path ready for me. And God, whom you are looking for, will quickly come to his temple, the messenger of the agreement you enjoy. Look, he will come, says God of all.
Malachi 3:2 Who can endure the day of his coming? Who will be able to stand when he appears? He is like a fire that purifies and like soap that cleans.
Malachi 3:3 He will sit like someone who cleans and refines silver; he will purify the Levi tribe members, cleaning them like gold and silver, so they can give God a righteous offering.
Malachi 3:4 Then the gifts from Judah and Jerusalem will please God, like in the past and the old years.
Malachi 3:5 I will come close to judge you quickly; I will testify against witches, cheaters, liars, those who cheat workers, widows, orphans, and those who deny justice to foreigners and do not respect me, says God.
Malachi 3:6 I am God, I do not change; so you, the children of Jacob, are not destroyed.
Malachi 3:7 Since your ancestors' time, you have turned away from my rules and haven't followed them. Come back to me, and I will come back to you, says God. But you asked, "How can we come back?"
Malachi 3:8 Can a person steal from God? Yet you have stolen from me. But you ask, 'How have we stolen from you?' Through not giving tithes and offerings.
Malachi 3:9 You are cursed with a curse because you have robbed me, all of you.
Malachi 3:10 Bring all your tithes to the storehouse so there will be food in my house. Test me in this, says God, and see if I don't open the windows of heaven and pour out so many blessings you won't have enough room for them.
Malachi 3:11 I will stop the destroyer for you, so it won't ruin your crops; your vine won't drop its fruit before it’s ready, says God.
Malachi 3:12 Every country will say you are lucky because your land will be wonderful, says God.
Malachi 3:13 You have spoken strongly against me, says God. But you ask, 'What have we said against you?'
Malachi 3:14 You have said, "It's pointless to serve God: and what do we gain from following his rules, and from walking sadly in front of God of all?"
Malachi 3:15 We now say proud people are happy; those who do wrong succeed; those who challenge God are safe.
Malachi 3:16 Those who respected God talked often to each other. God listened and heard them, and a book was written to remember those who respected God and thought about his name.
Malachi 3:17 They will be mine, says God, on that day when I gather my precious ones; I will protect them, like a father protects his serving son.
Malachi 3:18 Then you will come back and understand the difference between the good and the bad, between someone who serves God and someone who does not.

Malachi 4:1 Look, the day is coming, it will burn like a furnace; all the proud and evil-doers will be like dry grass: the coming day will burn them up, God says, leaving them without root or branch.
Malachi 4:2 For those of you who respect my name, the Sun of goodness will rise with healing rays; and you will go out and play freely, like young calves let out of their pens.
Malachi 4:3 You will walk on the wicked; they will be like dust under your feet on the day I do this, says God.
Malachi 4:4 Remember the laws Moses, my servant, gave you, which God told him at Horeb for all Israel, including the rules and decisions.
Malachi 4:5 Look, I will send you the prophet Elijah before the great and terrible day of God comes.
Malachi 4:6 He will make fathers' hearts close to their children and children's hearts close to their fathers, so I won't come and punish the earth with a curse.

Matthew 1:1 This book lists Jesus Christ's ancestors. He was from David's and Abraham's family.
Matthew 1:2 Abraham had a son named Isaac; Isaac had a son named Jacob; and Jacob had sons, including Judas and his brothers.
Matthew 1:3 Judas had Phares and Zara with Thamar; Phares had Esrom; and Esrom had Aram.
Matthew 1:4 Aram was the father of Aminadab; Aminadab was the father of Naasson; Naasson was the father of Salmon.
Matthew 1:5 Salmon fathered Boaz with Rahab; Boaz fathered Obed with Ruth; and Obed fathered Jesse.
Matthew 1:6 Jesse was the father of King David; and King David was the father of Solomon, whose mother had been Uriah's wife.
Matthew 1:7 Solomon had a son named Rehoboam; Rehoboam had a son named Abijah; and Abijah had a son named Asa.
Matthew 1:8 Asa fathered Jehoshaphat; Jehoshaphat fathered Joram; and Joram fathered Uzziah.
Matthew 1:9 Ozias was the father of Joatham, Joatham was the father of Achaz, and Achaz was the father of Ezekias.
Matthew 1:10 Hezekiah fathered Manasseh; Manasseh fathered Amon; and Amon fathered Josiah.
Matthew 1:11 Josias was the father of Jechonias and his brothers around the time they were taken to Babylon.
Matthew 1:12 After they were taken to Babylon, Jechonias became the father of Salathiel, and Salathiel became the father of Zorobabel.
Matthew 1:13 Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud; Abiud was the father of Eliakim; and Eliakim was the father of Azor.
Matthew 1:14 Azor was the father of Sadoc; Sadoc was the father of Achim; and Achim was the father of Eliud.
Matthew 1:15 Eliud was the father of Eleazar, Eleazar was the father of Matthan, and Matthan was the father of Jacob.
Matthew 1:16 Jacob was the father of Joseph, who was married to Mary. Mary gave birth to Jesus, also known as Christ.
Matthew 1:17 There are fourteen generations from Abraham to David, fourteen generations from David to the time they were taken to Babylon, and fourteen generations from then to Christ.
Matthew 1:18 The birth of Jesus Christ happened like this: Before Mary, his mother, and Joseph were together as husband and wife, she was discovered to be pregnant by the Holy Spirit.
Matthew 1:19 Joseph, her husband, was a good man and did not want to embarrass her publicly, so he planned to break up with her quietly.
Matthew 1:20 As he was thinking about all this, an angel from God came to him in a dream and said, "Joseph, descendant of David, do not be afraid to make Mary your wife because the baby in her is from the Holy Spirit."
Matthew 1:21 She will have a son, and you will name him Jesus, because he will save his people from their sins.
Matthew 1:22 All this happened to make true what the prophet had said from God.
Matthew 1:23 Look, a young woman will have a baby, and she will give birth to a son. They will name him Emmanuel, which means God with us.
Matthew 1:24 Joseph woke up, did what God's angel told him to, and took Mary as his wife.
Matthew 1:25 He did not have marital relations with her until she gave birth to her first son; and he named him Jesus.

Matthew 2:1 When Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judah during King Herod's time, wise men from the east came to Jerusalem.
Matthew 2:2 Asking, "Where is the newborn king of the Jews? We saw his star rise and have come to honor him."
Matthew 2:3 When King Herod heard this, he and all of Jerusalem were worried.
Matthew 2:4 When he called all the main priests and teachers of the law, he asked them where Christ was to be born.
Matthew 2:5 They said to him, "In Bethlehem of Judea, because the prophet wrote it like this."
Matthew 2:6 You, Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, are not the least among the rulers of Judah: because from you will come a leader who will govern my people Israel.
Matthew 2:7 Then Herod secretly met with the wise men and carefully asked them when the star had appeared.
Matthew 2:8 He sent them to Bethlehem and said, "Go, look carefully for the child; and when you find him, let me know, so I can come and honor him too."
Matthew 2:9 After listening to the king, they left, and the star they had seen in the east went ahead of them until it stopped over the place where the child was.
Matthew 2:10 When they saw the star, they were very happy.
Matthew 2:11 When they entered the house, they saw the young child with his mother Mary, and they knelt down and worshiped him. After opening their treasures, they gave him gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
Matthew 2:12 God warned them in a dream not to go back to Herod, so they went home a different way.
Matthew 2:13 After they left, an angel of God came to Joseph in a dream. The angel said, "Get up, take the child and his mother, and escape to Egypt. Stay there until I tell you to come back, because Herod is going to look for the child to kill him."
Matthew 2:14 He got up, took the child and his mother at night, and left for Egypt.
Matthew 2:15 They stayed there until Herod died. This fulfilled what God had told the prophet: "I called my son out of Egypt."
Matthew 2:16 Then Herod, when he realized the wise men had tricked him, became very angry. He ordered his soldiers to kill all the boys two years old and younger in Bethlehem and the surrounding areas, based on the information he had gotten from the wise men.
Matthew 2:17 Then what the prophet Jeremiah had said came true:
Matthew 2:18 In Rama, a voice was heard, crying, tears, and deep sadness, Rachel cried for her children and couldn't be comforted, because they were gone.
Matthew 2:19 When Herod died, an angel of God appeared in a dream to Joseph in Egypt.
Matthew 2:20 Get up, take the child and his mother, and go to Israel because those who wanted to kill the child are dead.
Matthew 2:21 He got up, took the child and his mother, and went to the land of Israel.
Matthew 2:22 But when he heard that Archelaus became king in Judea after his father Herod, he was scared to go there. However, after God warned him in a dream, he went to Galilee instead.
Matthew 2:23 He came and lived in a city named Nazareth so that what the prophets said would come true: He will be called a Nazarene.

Matthew 3:1 In those days, John the Baptist came, teaching in the desert of Judea.
Matthew 3:2 Say you're sorry, because God's kingdom is very near.
Matthew 3:3 This is the one the prophet Isaiah talked about when he said, "A voice calls out in the desert, 'Get the road ready for God, make a straight path for him.'"
Matthew 3:4 John wore clothes made of camel hair and a leather belt around his waist. He ate locusts and wild honey.
Matthew 3:5 People from Jerusalem, all of Judea, and the area around the Jordan River went to see him.
Matthew 3:6 They were baptized by him in the Jordan River, admitting their sins.
Matthew 3:7 When he saw many Pharisees and Sadducees at his baptism, he said to them, "You brood of snakes, who warned you to escape the coming anger?"
Matthew 3:8 Produce actions that show you have changed for the better.
Matthew 3:9 Don't think to yourselves, 'We have Abraham as our father.' I tell you, God can make children for Abraham from these stones.
Matthew 3:10 The axe is now at the tree roots; so any tree that doesn't grow good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
Matthew 3:11 I baptize you with water to show you have changed your heart and life. But the one who comes after me is stronger than I am. I'm not good enough to carry his sandals. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
Matthew 3:12 He holds a winnowing fork to clean his threshing area and gather the wheat into his barn; but he will burn the chaff with a fire that cannot be put out.
Matthew 3:13 Jesus came from Galilee to the Jordan River to be baptized by John.
Matthew 3:14 John stopped him, saying, "I should be baptized by you, and yet you come to me?"
Matthew 3:15 Jesus replied, "Let it happen now; this is how we do what is right." Then he allowed it.
Matthew 3:16 When Jesus was baptized and came up from the water, the sky opened to him, and he saw God's Spirit come down like a dove and land on him.
Matthew 3:17 A voice from heaven said, "This is my dear Son, who makes me very happy."

Matthew 4:1 Then Jesus was led by the Spirit into the desert to be tempted by the devil.
Matthew 4:2 After he fasted for forty days and nights, he felt hungry.
Matthew 4:3 When the tempter came to him, he said, "If you are the Son of God, tell these stones to become bread."
Matthew 4:4 He replied, "It is said, 'A person doesn't live only by eating bread, but by all words that come from God.'"
Matthew 4:5 Then the devil took him to the holy city and put him on the highest point of the temple.
Matthew 4:6 He said to him, "If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down. It is said, 'God will command His angels to take care of you. They will lift you up in their hands, so you won't hit your foot on a stone.'"
Matthew 4:7 Jesus told him, "It's also written, 'Don't test God.'"
Matthew 4:8 Once more, the devil took him to a very high mountain and showed him all the world's kingdoms and their splendor.
Matthew 4:9 He says to him, "I will give you all these things if you bow down and worship me."
Matthew 4:10 Jesus said to him, "Go away, Satan: because it is written, You should worship God your God, and only serve him."
Matthew 4:11 Then the devil left him, and look, angels came and helped him.
Matthew 4:12 When Jesus learned that John was put in jail, he went to Galilee.
Matthew 4:13 Leaving Nazareth, he went and lived in Capernaum by the sea, in the area of Zebulun and Naphtali.
Matthew 4:14 This was to fulfill what the prophet Isaiah had said:
Matthew 4:15 The land of Zabulon and the land of Naphtali, near the sea, across the Jordan River, Galilee where the non-Jews live;
Matthew 4:16 The people sitting in darkness have seen a great light, and those sitting in the area and shadow of death have had light shine on them.
Matthew 4:17 From then on, Jesus started to preach, saying, "Change your ways, for heaven's kingdom is near."
Matthew 4:18 Jesus, walking by the Sea of Galilee, saw two brothers, Simon called Peter, and his brother Andrew, throwing a net into the sea because they were fishermen.
Matthew 4:19 He said to them, "Follow me, and I will teach you to bring people to me."
Matthew 4:20 They immediately left their nets and followed him.
Matthew 4:21 Moving on from there, he saw two other brothers, James and John, the sons of Zebedee. They were in a boat with their father Zebedee, fixing their nets. He called to them.
Matthew 4:22 They quickly left the boat and their dad, and followed him.
Matthew 4:23 Jesus traveled throughout Galilee, teaching in their places of worship, sharing the good news of the kingdom, and curing every kind of illness and disease among the people.
Matthew 4:24 His fame spread all over Syria: and they brought to him all the sick with various diseases and pains, those with evil spirits, those who were insane, and those who were paralyzed; and he healed them.
Matthew 4:25 Many people followed him from Galilee, Decapolis, Jerusalem, Judea, and the area across the Jordan River.

Matthew 5:1 Seeing the crowds, he went up on a mountain. When he sat down, his disciples came to him.
Matthew 5:2 He opened his mouth and began to teach them, saying,
Matthew 5:3 Happy are those who know they are spiritually needy, because the kingdom of heaven belongs to them.
Matthew 5:4 Happy are those who are sad, for they will be comforted.
Matthew 5:5 Happy are the gentle, for they will receive the earth as their own.
Matthew 5:6 Happy are those who really want to do what is right, because they will be satisfied.
Matthew 5:7 Happy are those who show mercy: they will be shown mercy.
Matthew 5:8 Happy are those who have clean hearts, because they will see God.
Matthew 5:9 Happy are those who make peace: because they will be known as God's children.
Matthew 5:10 Happy are those who are treated badly for doing right: heaven belongs to them.
Matthew 5:11 You are blessed when people insult you, persecute you, and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me.
Matthew 5:12 Be happy and very glad, because you have a big reward in heaven. This is how they treated the prophets who were before you.
Matthew 5:13 You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt loses its flavor, how can it be made salty again? It is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and walked on by people.
Matthew 5:14 You are the world's light. A city on a hill cannot be hidden.
Matthew 5:15 People don't light a candle and hide it under a bowl; they put it on a stand, and it shines for everyone in the house.
Matthew 5:16 Let your light shine before others, so they can see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:17 Don't think that I have come to get rid of the law or the prophets; I haven't come to get rid of them but to complete them.
Matthew 5:18 I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest detail of the law will change until everything is accomplished.
Matthew 5:19 Anyone who breaks even the smallest command and teaches others to do so will be least in heaven, but whoever follows and teaches the commands will be called great in heaven.
Matthew 5:20 I tell you, unless your goodness is greater than that of the teachers of the law and the Pharisees, you will not enter the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:21 You have heard that long ago people were told, 'Do not kill,' and anyone who kills will face judgment.
Matthew 5:22 I tell you, if anyone is angry with their brother for no reason, they are at risk of being judged. If anyone calls their brother 'worthless', they are at risk of the authorities' anger. But if anyone calls their brother a fool, they are at risk of going to hell.
Matthew 5:23 If you bring your gift to the altar and then remember that your brother has something against you;
Matthew 5:24 Leave your gift in front of the altar and go; first make peace with your brother, and then come and give your gift.
Matthew 5:25 Make peace with your enemy quickly while you're still together before they take you to court, and the court hands you over to the guard, and you get put in jail.
Matthew 5:26 Truly I tell you, you will not get out of there until you have paid the very last penny.
Matthew 5:27 You have heard that long ago people were told, "Do not cheat on your partner."
Matthew 5:28 I tell you, anyone who looks at a woman with desire has already been unfaithful to her in his heart.
Matthew 5:29 If your right eye causes you to sin, take it out and throw it away. It is better to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell.
Matthew 5:30 If your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away, because it is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell.
Matthew 5:31 It has been said, if someone wants to divorce his wife, he should give her a divorce paper.
Matthew 5:32 I tell you, if anyone divorces his wife, except for marital unfaithfulness, he makes her commit adultery; and anyone who marries a divorced woman commits adultery.
Matthew 5:33 You have heard people long ago say, "Do not break your promises, but do what you have vowed to God to do."
Matthew 5:34 I tell you, don't swear at all; not by heaven, because it's God's throne.
Matthew 5:35 Do not swear by the earth, for it is God's footrest; nor by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the great King.
Matthew 5:36 Do not promise by your head, because you cannot turn one hair white or black.
Matthew 5:37 Let your words be 'Yes, yes' or 'No, no'; anything more than this comes from evil.
Matthew 5:38 You have heard it said, an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.
Matthew 5:39 I tell you, don't fight against someone who does you harm. If someone hits you on your right cheek, offer them the other one too.
Matthew 5:40 If someone takes you to court to take your coat, give them your cloak too.
Matthew 5:41 If someone makes you go one mile, go two miles with them.
Matthew 5:42 Give to the person who asks you, and do not turn away from the person who wants to borrow from you.
Matthew 5:43 You have heard it was said, 'Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.'
Matthew 5:44 I tell you, love your enemies, be kind to those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who mistreat and persecute you.
Matthew 5:45 So you may be the children of your Father in heaven: for he makes the sun rise on the wicked and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous.
Matthew 5:46 If you only love those who love you, what good is that? Even tax collectors do that, don't they?
Matthew 5:47 If you greet only your friends, what makes you different? Don't even tax collectors do that?
Matthew 5:48 Be perfect, just as your Father in heaven is perfect.

Matthew 6:1 Be careful not to do good things in front of others just to be noticed, because if you do, you won't get any reward from your Father in heaven.
Matthew 6:2 When you give to the needy, don't announce it loudly like hypocrites in the synagogues and streets for attention. Truly, they've received their reward.
Matthew 6:3 When you give to those in need, don't let one hand know what the other is doing.
Matthew 6:4 Give your help to others quietly, and God, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you openly.
Matthew 6:5 When you pray, don't be like the fakers who like to pray in public places just to be seen by others. Truly, they have gotten all they will get.
Matthew 6:6 When you pray, go into your room and close the door, then pray to your Father who is unseen; and your Father, who sees what's done in secret, will reward you.
Matthew 6:7 When you pray, don't keep on repeating words with no meaning, like other people do. They believe they will be heard because they talk a lot.
Matthew 6:8 Do not be like them, because your Father knows what you need before you ask him.
Matthew 6:9 Pray like this: Our Father in heaven, may your name be honored.
Matthew 6:10 Let your kingdom come, let your will be done on earth, just like it is in heaven.
Matthew 6:11 Give us today the food we need.
Matthew 6:12 Forgive us what we owe, as we forgive those who owe us.
Matthew 6:13 Do not let us be tempted, but save us from evil: for the kingdom, the power, and the glory are yours, forever. Amen.
Matthew 6:14 If you forgive people for what they've done wrong, God in heaven will forgive you too.
Matthew 6:15 If you don't forgive others for their wrongs, God won't forgive your wrongs either.
Matthew 6:16 When you fast, don't be like the fakes who look sad to show others they are fasting. Truly, that's the only reward they will get.
Matthew 6:17 When you fast, put oil on your head and wash your face.
Matthew 6:18 Do not show others that you are fasting; only God, who is unseen, should know. And God, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.
Matthew 6:19 Do not store up treasures for yourself on earth, where moths and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.
Matthew 6:20 Store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and rust cannot destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.
Matthew 6:21 Where you keep your treasure is where your heart will be too.
Matthew 6:22 Your eye is like a lamp for your body. If your eye is clear, your whole body will be bright.
Matthew 6:23 But if your eye is bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. If the light inside you is dark, how deep is that darkness!
Matthew 6:24 A person can't serve two bosses: they will either hate one and love the other, or be loyal to one and not like the other. You can't serve God and money.
Matthew 6:25 So I tell you, don't worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Isn't life more than food and the body more than clothes?
Matthew 6:26 Look at the birds of the sky: they don't plant seeds, harvest, or store food in barns, but God feeds them. Aren't you worth more than they are?
Matthew 6:27 Who of you can add an inch to your height by worrying?
Matthew 6:28 Why worry about clothes? Look at the field lilies; they don't work or make cloth.
Matthew 6:29 I tell you, even Solomon in all his splendor was not dressed as beautifully as one of these.
Matthew 6:30 So, if God dresses the grass in the field, which is here today and thrown into the fire tomorrow, won't he dress you even more, you with little faith?
Matthew 6:31 So don't worry, asking, 'What will we eat?' or 'What will we drink?' or 'What will we wear?'
Matthew 6:32 The non-believers chase after all these things, but your Father in heaven knows you need them.
Matthew 6:33 First, look for God's kingdom and do what is right; then, all these things will be given to you.
Matthew 6:34 Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.

Matthew 7:1 Do not judge others, so you will not be judged.
Matthew 7:2 The way you judge others is how you will be judged, and the amount you give to others will be the amount you get back.
Matthew 7:3 Why do you see the small speck in your brother's eye but not notice the big plank in your own eye?
Matthew 7:4 How can you tell your brother, 'Let me remove the speck from your eye,' when you have a log in your own eye?
Matthew 7:5 You are two-faced. First, take the large piece of wood out of your own eye; then you will see well enough to remove the small speck from your brother's eye.
Matthew 7:6 Don't give holy things to dogs or throw your pearls to pigs, in case they step on them and then attack you.
Matthew 7:7 Ask, and you will receive; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you.
Matthew 7:8 Everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened.
Matthew 7:9 Which of you, if your son asks for bread, will give him a stone?
Matthew 7:10 If he asks for a fish, will he get a snake?
Matthew 7:11 If you, even though you are not perfect, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good things to those who ask Him?
Matthew 7:12 Do to others what you want them to do to you; this is what the rules and the teachings of the prophets mean.
Matthew 7:13 Go in through the narrow gate. The gate is wide and the road is broad that leads to ruin, and many people choose that way.
Matthew 7:14 The gate is tight and the path is narrow that leads to life, and only a few find it.
Matthew 7:15 Be careful of fake prophets who look innocent like sheep but are really hungry wolves inside.
Matthew 7:16 You will recognize them by what they produce. Do people pick grapes from thornbushes, or figs from thistles?
Matthew 7:17 Just as a good tree produces good fruit, a bad tree produces bad fruit.
Matthew 7:18 A good tree can't produce bad fruit, and a bad tree can't produce good fruit.
Matthew 7:19 Every tree that does not produce good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
Matthew 7:20 You will know them by their actions.
Matthew 7:21 Not everyone who calls to me, 'God, God,' will enter the kingdom of heaven; only the one who does what my Father in heaven wants.
Matthew 7:22 On that day, many will say to me, "Master, Master, didn't we speak of the future in your name, drive out demons in your name, and do many great things in your name?"
Matthew 7:23 Then I will tell them, I never knew you: go away from me, you who do wrong.
Matthew 7:24 So anyone who listens to my words and follows them will be like a smart person who built their house on solid rock.
Matthew 7:25 The rain fell, the rivers rose, the winds blew, and hit that house; but it didn't fall because it was built on a rock.
Matthew 7:26 Everyone who hears my words and doesn't follow them will be like a foolish person who built their house on sand.
Matthew 7:27 The rain fell, the floods came, the winds blew, and hit that house; and it collapsed: and the collapse was big.
Matthew 7:28 After Jesus finished speaking, the people were amazed at his teaching.
Matthew 7:29 He taught them like someone with authority, not like the scribes.

Matthew 8:1 When he came down from the mountain, many people followed him.
Matthew 8:2 Look, a man with leprosy came and knelt before him, saying, "Sir, if you are willing, you can make me clean."
Matthew 8:3 Jesus reached out his hand, touched him, and said, "I am willing; be clean." Right away, his leprosy was healed.
Matthew 8:4 Jesus said to him, "Don't tell anyone; but go, show yourself to the priest, and give the offering Moses told you to, as evidence to them."
Matthew 8:5 When Jesus entered Capernaum, a centurion came to him, asking for help.
Matthew 8:6 He said, "Master, my servant is at home suffering badly from paralysis."
Matthew 8:7 Jesus said to him, I will come and heal him.
Matthew 8:8 The officer replied, "Sir, I am not good enough for you to come into my house. But just say the command, and my servant will get better."
Matthew 8:9 I am a man with authority, with soldiers following me. When I tell one to go, he goes; tell another to come, he comes; and when I tell my servant to do something, he does it.
Matthew 8:10 When Jesus heard this, he was amazed and said to those following him, "Truly, I tell you, I haven't found such strong faith in anyone, even in Israel."
Matthew 8:11 I tell you that many will come from the east and west and will eat with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in heaven's kingdom.
Matthew 8:12 The children of the kingdom will be thrown into deep darkness; there will be crying and grinding of teeth.
Matthew 8:13 Jesus told the centurion, "Go on; just as you believed, it will happen." And his servant was healed that very hour.
Matthew 8:14 When Jesus entered Peter's home, he saw that Peter's mother-in-law was in bed with a fever.
Matthew 8:15 He touched her hand, the fever went away, and she got up and helped them.
Matthew 8:16 When evening came, they brought to him many people who had demons. He drove out the spirits with his command and healed all who were sick.
Matthew 8:17 This happened so the words the prophet Isaiah said would come true: He took our weaknesses and carried our diseases.
Matthew 8:18 When Jesus saw many people around him, he told them to go to the other side.
Matthew 8:19 A teacher of the law came and said to him, "Teacher, I will follow you wherever you go."
Matthew 8:20 Jesus said to him, "Foxes have holes, and birds have nests, but the Son of Man has no place to rest his head."
Matthew 8:21 One of his followers said to him, "Teacher, let me go first and bury my father."
Matthew 8:22 Jesus said to him, "Follow me, and let those who are dead bury their own dead."
Matthew 8:23 When he got into a boat, his followers went with him.
Matthew 8:24 Suddenly, a huge storm came up on the sea, so that the waves swept over the boat, but he was sleeping.
Matthew 8:25 His followers came to him, woke him up, and said, "Master, save us: we are dying."
Matthew 8:26 He said to them, "Why are you scared, you with little trust?" Then he got up, scolded the winds and the sea, and everything became very calm.
Matthew 8:27 The men were amazed and said, "Who is this man that even the winds and the sea listen to him?"
Matthew 8:28 When he arrived on the other side in the Gergesenes area, two people with evil spirits, coming from the graves and very violent, met him, so nobody could go that way.
Matthew 8:29 Look, they shouted, "What do you want with us, Jesus, Son of God? Have you come here to punish us before the time?"
Matthew 8:30 Far from them, there was a large group of pigs eating.
Matthew 8:31 The demons begged him, saying, "If you make us leave, let us go into the pigs."
Matthew 8:32 He said to them, "Go." So they came out and entered the pigs. Then all the pigs rushed down the steep hill into the sea and died in the water.
Matthew 8:33 The people watching them ran away, went into the city, and told everything, including what happened to the demon-possessed man.
Matthew 8:34 Look, everyone from the city came to see Jesus; and when they saw him, they asked him to leave their area.

Matthew 9:1 He got into a boat, crossed over, and arrived at his own city.
Matthew 9:2 Look, they brought to Jesus a man with paralysis, lying on a bed. Jesus, seeing their faith, said to the paralyzed man, "Young man, cheer up; your sins are forgiven."
Matthew 9:3 Some teachers of the law thought to themselves, "This man is speaking against God."
Matthew 9:4 Jesus, aware of their thoughts, asked, "Why do you think evil in your hearts?"
Matthew 9:5 Which is simpler: to say 'Your sins are forgiven,' or to say 'Get up and walk'?
Matthew 9:6 I want you to know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins, so he said to the man with paralysis, "Get up, pick up your mat, and go home."
Matthew 9:7 He got up and went to his home.
Matthew 9:8 When the crowds saw this, they were amazed and praised God for giving such power to people.
Matthew 9:9 As Jesus left that place, he saw a man called Matthew sitting at the tax office. He said to him, "Follow me." Matthew got up and followed him.
Matthew 9:10 As Jesus was eating in the house, many tax collectors and wrongdoers came and ate with him and his followers.
Matthew 9:11 When the Pharisees saw this, they asked his disciples, "Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners?"
Matthew 9:12 When Jesus heard this, he said to them, "Healthy people don't need a doctor, but sick people do."
Matthew 9:13 Go and understand this: I desire kindness, not offerings. I came not to call the good people, but sinners to turn away from their sins.
Matthew 9:14 John's followers came to Jesus and asked, "Why do we and the Pharisees often fast, but your disciples do not fast?"
Matthew 9:15 Jesus asked them, "Can wedding guests be sad while the groom is with them? But a time will come when the groom will be taken away, and then they will fast."
Matthew 9:16 No one sews a piece of new fabric onto an old clothing because the patch will pull away from it, making the tear worse.
Matthew 9:17 People don't put new wine into old containers; otherwise, the containers will break, the wine will spill, and the containers will be ruined. Instead, they put new wine into new containers, and both stay good.
Matthew 9:18 While he was speaking to them, look, a leader came and bowed down to him, saying, "My daughter has just died. But if you come and put your hand on her, she will live."
Matthew 9:19 Jesus got up, followed him, and his disciples did too.
Matthew 9:20 Look, a woman who had been sick with bleeding for twelve years came up behind him and touched the edge of his clothes.
Matthew 9:21 She thought, "If I can just touch his clothes, I will be healed."
Matthew 9:22 Jesus turned around, and when he saw her, he said, "Daughter, be encouraged; your faith has healed you." And from that moment, the woman was healed.
Matthew 9:23 When Jesus entered the leader's home and saw the musicians and the noisy crowd,
Matthew 9:24 He told them, "Move aside: the girl is not dead, but sleeping." And they laughed at him.
Matthew 9:25 After the crowd was sent outside, he went in, took her hand, and the girl got up.
Matthew 9:26 News of this spread throughout the entire area.
Matthew 9:27 When Jesus left that place, two blind men followed him, calling out, "Son of David, have mercy on us."
Matthew 9:28 When he entered the house, the blind men approached him, and Jesus asked them, "Do you believe I can do this?" They answered, "Yes, Lord."
Matthew 9:29 He touched their eyes and said, "Let it happen for you as you believe."
Matthew 9:30 Their eyes were opened, and Jesus firmly told them, "Make sure no one finds out about this."
Matthew 9:31 After they left, they told everyone about him everywhere in that area.
Matthew 9:32 As they left, they brought to Jesus a man who could not speak because he had a demon.
Matthew 9:33 When the devil was driven away, the person who could not talk spoke, and the crowds were amazed, saying, "Nothing like this has ever been seen in Israel."
Matthew 9:34 The Pharisees said, He drives out evil spirits using the ruler of the evil spirits.
Matthew 9:35 Jesus traveled through all the cities and villages, teaching in their places of worship, spreading the good news of the kingdom, and curing every illness and disease among the people.
Matthew 9:36 When he saw the crowds, he felt sorry for them because they were weak and scattered, like sheep without a shepherd.
Matthew 9:37 He said to his students, "There really is a lot of crop, but there are not many workers."
Matthew 9:38 Ask God, who takes care of the harvest, to send workers for gathering it.

Matthew 10:1 When he gathered his twelve followers, he gave them authority over evil spirits, to drive them out, and to cure every kind of illness and disease.
Matthew 10:2 The twelve apostles' names are: The first is Simon, called Peter, and his brother Andrew; James, Zebedee's son, and his brother John.
Matthew 10:3 Philip and Bartholomew; Thomas and Matthew the tax collector; James son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, also called Thaddaeus.
Matthew 10:4 Simon from Canaan, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
Matthew 10:5 Jesus sent out these twelve and told them, "Do not go to the Gentile areas or enter any Samaritan city.
Matthew 10:6 Go instead to the lost sheep of Israel's family.
Matthew 10:7 As you go, tell others, "God's kingdom is near."
Matthew 10:8 Cure sick people, make lepers clean, bring dead back to life, throw out demons: you got it for free, give it for free.
Matthew 10:9 Don't carry gold, silver, or coins in your wallets.
Matthew 10:10 Don't take a bag for your trip, or two coats, or shoes, or a walking stick: because a worker deserves his food.
Matthew 10:11 When you enter a city or town, find out who is good there and stay with them until you leave.
Matthew 10:12 When you enter a house, greet it.
Matthew 10:13 If the home is good, let your peace rest on it; if not, let your peace come back to you.
Matthew 10:14 If anyone does not welcome you or listen to your words, leave that home or town and shake the dust from your feet.
Matthew 10:15 I truly tell you, on Judgment Day, the land of Sodom and Gomorrah will have an easier time than that city.
Matthew 10:16 I send you out like sheep among wolves: so be as smart as snakes and as kind as doves.
Matthew 10:17 Be careful of people: they will hand you over to councils and whip you in their places of worship.
Matthew 10:18 You will stand before rulers and kings because of me, to witness to them and the nations.
Matthew 10:19 When they arrest you, don't worry about what to say, because you will be told what to say at that time.
Matthew 10:20 It's not you speaking, but your Father's Spirit speaking through you.
Matthew 10:21 A brother will turn in his brother to be killed, and a father will turn in his child. Children will rebel against their parents and have them killed.
Matthew 10:22 Everyone will hate you because of me, but if you keep going to the end, you will be saved.
Matthew 10:23 If people chase you away from one town, run to another. Truly, I tell you, you won't finish visiting the towns of Israel before the Son of Man arrives.
Matthew 10:24 A student is not greater than their teacher, nor is a servant greater than their master.
Matthew 10:25 A student should be like their teacher, and a servant like their boss. If people have called the head of the house Beelzebub, they will call the others in the house even worse names.
Matthew 10:26 Do not be afraid of them: because nothing is hidden that will not be shown; and nothing is secret that will not become known.
Matthew 10:27 What I say to you in secret, you must say in public; and what you hear whispered, you must announce from the rooftops.
Matthew 10:28 Do not be afraid of those who can kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Instead, be afraid of God who can destroy both soul and body in hell.
Matthew 10:29 Aren't two sparrows sold for a small coin? And none of them will fall to the ground without God knowing.
Matthew 10:30 Every hair on your head is counted.
Matthew 10:31 Do not be afraid; you are worth more than many sparrows.
Matthew 10:32 If anyone tells others about me, I will tell my Father in heaven about them.
Matthew 10:33 Whoever denies me before others, I will also deny them before my God in heaven.
Matthew 10:34 Don't think that I came to bring peace on earth: I didn't come to bring peace, but to bring a sword.
Matthew 10:35 I have come to cause disagreement between a man and his father, between a daughter and her mother, and between a daughter-in-law and her mother-in-law.
Matthew 10:36 A person's enemies will be the members of their own family.
Matthew 10:37 If you love your father or mother more than you love me, you are not good enough to be my follower. And if you love your son or daughter more than me, you are not good enough to be my follower.
Matthew 10:38 Anyone who does not take up their cross and follow me is not good enough for me.
Matthew 10:39 Whoever finds their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life for me will find it.
Matthew 10:40 Whoever welcomes you welcomes me, and whoever welcomes me welcomes the one who sent me.
Matthew 10:41 If you welcome a prophet because he is a prophet, you will get the same reward as a prophet; and if you welcome a good person because he is good, you will get the same reward as a good person.
Matthew 10:42 Anyone who gives even a cup of cold water to one of these little ones because they are my follower will truly not lose their reward.

Matthew 11:1 When Jesus finished giving instructions to his twelve disciples, he left to teach and spread his message in their towns.
Matthew 11:2 When John, who was in prison, heard about what Christ was doing, he sent two of his followers.
Matthew 11:3 He asked him, "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect someone else?"
Matthew 11:4 Jesus replied, "Go tell John what you hear and see."
Matthew 11:5 Blind people can see, and those who can't walk, now do. People with leprosy are healed, and the deaf can hear. The dead are brought back to life, and the poor hear the good news.
Matthew 11:6 Happy is anyone who is not upset because of me.
Matthew 11:7 As they left, Jesus spoke to the crowds about John, asking, "Why did you go out into the desert? To see a reed swayed by the wind?"
Matthew 11:8 What did you go out to see? A man dressed in fine clothes? Look, those who wear fine clothes live in king's palaces.
Matthew 11:9 But why did you go out? To see a prophet? Yes, I tell you, and even more than a prophet.
Matthew 11:10 This is the one about whom it was written, 'Look, I will send my messenger ahead of you, who will make your path ready for you.'
Matthew 11:11 Truly, I tell you, no one born of a woman is greater than John the Baptist; but even the least in heaven's kingdom is greater than he.
Matthew 11:12 Since John the Baptist's time until now, God's kingdom has faced harshness, and forceful people are trying to seize it.
Matthew 11:13 All the prophets and the law told of what would happen up to the time of John.
Matthew 11:14 If you accept this, he is Elijah who was to come.
Matthew 11:15 If you have ears to listen, then listen.
Matthew 11:16 What can I compare this generation to? They are like children sitting in the marketplaces, calling to their friends.
Matthew 11:17 We played music for you, but you did not dance; we were sad for you, but you did not cry.
Matthew 11:18 John did not come eating or drinking, and they say he has a demon.
Matthew 11:19 The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and people say, 'Look, a man who eats too much and drinks too much wine, a friend of tax collectors and wrongdoers.' But smart actions prove right by their results.
Matthew 11:20 He started to scold the cities where he had done many miracles because they did not repent.
Matthew 11:21 How terrible for you, Chorazin! How terrible for you, Bethsaida! If the powerful things done in you had happened in Tyre and Sidon, they would have turned from their sins long ago, showing sorrow with rough cloth and ashes.
Matthew 11:22 I tell you, it will be easier for Tyre and Sidon on the judgment day than for you.
Matthew 11:23 Capernaum, you are raised up to the sky, but you will be sent down to the underworld. If the powerful acts done in you had happened in Sodom, it would still exist today.
Matthew 11:24 I tell you, it will be easier for Sodom on judgment day than for you.
Matthew 11:25 At that time, Jesus spoke and said, "I thank you, Father, God of heaven and earth, because you have kept these things from the smart and careful people, and have shown them to children."
Matthew 11:26 Even so, Father, because this is what you wanted.
Matthew 11:27 My Father has given me all things: no one knows the Son except the Father, and no one knows the Father except the Son and anyone to whom the Son chooses to show him.
Matthew 11:28 Come to me, all who work hard and are burdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:29 Wear my yoke and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart: and you will find rest for your souls.
Matthew 11:30 My yoke is simple, and my load is not heavy.

Matthew 12:1 One Sabbath, Jesus walked through the grain fields, and his hungry disciples started to pick and eat some heads of grain.
Matthew 12:2 When the Pharisees saw this, they said to him, "Look, your disciples are doing what is not allowed on the Sabbath day."
Matthew 12:3 But he said to them, "Haven't you read what David did when he and his companions were hungry?
Matthew 12:4 He went into God's house and ate the bread that only priests should eat, which was against the law for him and his companions.
Matthew 12:5 Have you not read in the law that on Sabbath days the priests in the temple break the Sabbath rules, yet are not guilty?
Matthew 12:6 I tell you, someone greater than the temple is here.
Matthew 12:7 If you knew what it means 'I want kindness, not offerings,' you wouldn't have judged innocent people.
Matthew 12:8 The Son of man is master even of the Sabbath day.
Matthew 12:9 After he left that place, he went into their place of worship.
Matthew 12:10 Look, there was a man with a crippled hand. They asked, "Is it okay to heal on the Sabbath?" so they could blame him.
Matthew 12:11 He asked them, "Who among you, if you have one sheep and it falls into a hole on the Sabbath, wouldn't grab it and pull it out?"
Matthew 12:12 How much more valuable is a person than a sheep? So, it is right to do good on the Sabbath.
Matthew 12:13 Then he said to the man, "Stretch out your hand." And he stretched it out, and it was healed and became as healthy as the other one.
Matthew 12:14 Then the Pharisees left and planned together how to kill Jesus.
Matthew 12:15 When Jesus realized this, he left that place. Many people followed him, and he healed everyone.
Matthew 12:16 He ordered them not to tell anyone about him.
Matthew 12:17 This happened to fulfill what the prophet Isaiah had said:
Matthew 12:18 Look at my servant, whom I have picked; my loved one, who pleases me so much. I will give him my spirit, and he will bring fairness to all nations.
Matthew 12:19 He will not argue or shout; no one will hear his voice in the streets.
Matthew 12:20 He will not break a bent reed or put out a weak flame until he leads justice to victory.
Matthew 12:21 People from other nations will trust in his name.
Matthew 12:22 Someone controlled by a demon, who could not see or speak, was brought to Jesus, and he cured him so that he could both talk and see.
Matthew 12:23 Everyone was amazed and asked, "Isn't this David's son?"
Matthew 12:24 When the Pharisees heard this, they said, "This man doesn't drive out demons except by Beelzebub, the ruler of demons."
Matthew 12:25 Jesus knew what they were thinking and told them, "A kingdom that fights itself will be ruined; and a city or home that is split will not last."
Matthew 12:26 If Satan drives out Satan, he is fighting against himself; how can his kingdom last?
Matthew 12:27 If I drive out demons using Beelzebub, who do your own people use to drive them out? They will be the ones to judge you.
Matthew 12:28 If I drive out demons with God's Spirit, then God's kingdom has come to you.
Matthew 12:29 How can someone get into a strong man's house and take his stuff unless he first ties up the strong man? Then he can rob his house.
Matthew 12:30 If you're not with me, you're against me; if you don't gather with me, you spread things out.
Matthew 12:31 So I tell you, people will be forgiven for all kinds of sins and insults, but insults against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Matthew 12:32 Anyone who speaks against the Son of man can be forgiven, but anyone who speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven, either now or in the future.
Matthew 12:33 Make the tree good and its fruit will be good, or make the tree bad and its fruit will be bad, because a tree is recognized by its fruit.
Matthew 12:34 You people are like snakes! How can you say good things when you are evil? What fills the heart will come out of the mouth.
Matthew 12:35 A good person, from the good stored in their heart, produces good things; and a bad person, from the bad stored within, produces bad things.
Matthew 12:36 I tell you, everyone must explain all the useless words they speak on judgment day.
Matthew 12:37 What you say can save or condemn you.
Matthew 12:38 Some teachers of the law and Pharisees spoke up, saying, "Teacher, we want to see a miracle from you."
Matthew 12:39 He replied, "A wicked and unfaithful generation wants a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah."
Matthew 12:40 Just as Jonah was in the fish for three days and three nights, the Son of Man will be in the earth for three days and three nights.
Matthew 12:41 The people of Nineveh will stand up at the time of judgment with the people of this time and condemn them: because they turned away from their sins when Jonah preached; and look, someone greater than Jonah is here.
Matthew 12:42 The queen from the south will stand up on judgment day with the people of this time, and she will judge them. She traveled from the farthest part of the earth to listen to Solomon's wisdom; but look, someone greater than Solomon is here.
Matthew 12:43 When an evil spirit leaves a person, it wanders through waterless areas looking for rest but doesn't find any.
Matthew 12:44 Then he says, "I will go back to my house from where I left"; and when he arrives, he finds it empty, clean, and tidy.
Matthew 12:45 Then he goes and brings seven other spirits more evil than himself, and they come in and live there. So the last condition of that person is worse than at the beginning. This will also happen to this evil generation.
Matthew 12:46 While he was still talking to the people, look, his mother and brothers were standing outside, wanting to talk to him.
Matthew 12:47 Someone told him, "Look, your mother and brothers are outside wanting to talk to you."
Matthew 12:48 He replied to the person who spoke to him, "Who is my mother? And who are my brothers?"
Matthew 12:49 He reached out his hand to his followers and said, "Look, my mother and my brothers!"
Matthew 12:50 Anyone who does what my Father in heaven wants is my brother, sister, and mother.

Matthew 13:1 That day, Jesus left the house and sat by the sea.
Matthew 13:2 Large crowds gathered to him, so he got into a boat and sat down, while all the people stood on the beach.
Matthew 13:3 He told them many stories with hidden meanings, saying, "Look, a farmer went out to plant seeds.
Matthew 13:4 As he was planting, some seeds fell by the path, and the birds came and ate them.
Matthew 13:5 Some seeds fell on rocky ground where there wasn't much soil. They quickly grew because the soil wasn't deep.
Matthew 13:6 When the sun rose, they got burned up and since they had no roots, they dried out.
Matthew 13:7 Some seeds fell among thorns, and the thorns grew and choked them.
Matthew 13:8 Some seeds fell on good soil and produced crops: some 100 times more, some 60 times more, and some 30 times more.
Matthew 13:9 Anyone who has ears to listen should listen.
Matthew 13:10 The disciples came and asked him, "Why do you talk to the people using stories with hidden meanings?"
Matthew 13:11 He replied, "You are allowed to understand the secrets of heaven's kingdom, but others are not."
Matthew 13:12 Whoever has will get more and have plenty, but whoever does not have will lose even what they have.
Matthew 13:13 So I tell them stories because they look but don't really see, and they listen but don't truly hear or understand.
Matthew 13:14 In them, the prediction of Isaiah comes true, which says, "You will hear but not understand; you will see but not recognize."
Matthew 13:15 This people’s heart has grown hard, their ears can barely hear, and they have shut their eyes; otherwise, they might see with their eyes, hear with their ears, understand with their heart, turn back, and be healed by me.
Matthew 13:16 Your eyes are blessed because they see, and your ears are blessed because they hear.
Matthew 13:17 Truly, I tell you, many prophets and good people wanted to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear what you hear but did not hear it.
Matthew 13:18 Listen to the story of the farmer who plants seeds.
Matthew 13:19 When someone hears about God's kingdom but doesn't understand it, the evil one comes and takes away what was planted in their heart. This is like the seed that falls on the path.
Matthew 13:20 But the one who gets the seed on rocky ground is the person who hears the message and immediately receives it with happiness.
Matthew 13:21 He doesn't have a deep root inside, but lasts only a short time. When trouble or harassment comes because of the message, he quickly gets upset.
Matthew 13:22 The person who received the seed among thorns is the one who hears the message, but worries of life and the lure of wealth choke the message, making them unproductive.
Matthew 13:23 The person who receives the seed on good soil is the one who listens to the word and understands it; they also produce a harvest, yielding sometimes a hundred times, sometimes sixty, sometimes thirty.
Matthew 13:24 He told them another story, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is like a man who planted good seeds in his field."
Matthew 13:25 While people were sleeping, his enemy came and scattered weeds among the wheat, then left.
Matthew 13:26 But when the plants grew and produced grain, the weeds also showed up.
Matthew 13:27 The workers of the owner came and asked him, "Sir, didn't you plant good seeds in your field? Where did the weeds come from?"
Matthew 13:28 He told them, "An enemy did this." The servants asked him, "Do you want us to go and collect them?"
Matthew 13:29 He said, "No, because if you pull up the weeds, you might also pull out the wheat."
Matthew 13:30 Let both grow until harvest time. At harvest, I will tell the workers, "First collect the weeds and tie them to burn, but bring the wheat into my barn."
Matthew 13:31 He told them another story: "God's kingdom is like a tiny mustard seed that a man planted in his field.
Matthew 13:32 This seed is really the smallest of all seeds, but when it grows, it becomes the largest of garden plants and turns into a tree, so that the birds can come and nest in its branches.
Matthew 13:33 He told them another story: The kingdom of heaven is like yeast that a woman mixed into a large amount of flour until it spread through all of it.
Matthew 13:34 Jesus told all these things to the crowd using stories; he did not tell them anything without using a story.
Matthew 13:35 This was done so the prophet's words would come true, where he said, "I will tell stories to explain things; I will share secrets hidden since the world began."
Matthew 13:36 Jesus sent the crowd home and went inside. His followers came to him and said, "Explain the story of the weeds in the field to us."
Matthew 13:37 He replied to them, "The one who plants the good seeds is the Son of Man."
Matthew 13:38 The field means the world; the good seeds represent the people of God's kingdom, while the weeds are the people of the evil one.
Matthew 13:39 The enemy who planted the seeds is the devil; the harvest time is the end of the world; and the workers who harvest are the angels.
Matthew 13:40 So just as weeds are collected and burned in a fire, it will be at the end of this world.
Matthew 13:41 The Son of Man will send his angels, and they will remove from his kingdom everything that causes sin and all who do evil.
Matthew 13:42 They will throw them into a fiery furnace, where there will be crying and grinding of teeth.
Matthew 13:43 The good people will shine like the sun in God's kingdom. If someone can listen, they should listen.
Matthew 13:44 The kingdom of heaven is like treasure hidden in a field. When a person finds it, they hide it again. Out of happiness, they sell everything they own and buy that field.
Matthew 13:45 The kingdom of heaven is like a merchant looking for fine pearls.
Matthew 13:46 When he found a very valuable pearl, he went and sold everything he had, and bought it.
Matthew 13:47 The kingdom of heaven is like a net thrown into the sea that caught all kinds of fish.
Matthew 13:48 When the net was full, they pulled it onto the shore. They sat down and put the good fish into containers, but threw the bad ones away.
Matthew 13:49 At the world's end, the angels will come and separate the bad people from the good ones.
Matthew 13:50 They will throw them into a fiery furnace, where there will be crying and grinding of teeth.
Matthew 13:51 Jesus asked them, "Do you understand all these things?" They answered him, "Yes, Lord."
Matthew 13:52 He told them, "So, every teacher trained for the kingdom of heaven is like a homeowner who brings out new and old treasures from his storage."
Matthew 13:53 After Jesus told these stories, he left that place.
Matthew 13:54 When he returned to his hometown, he taught in their meeting place. People were amazed and asked, "How did this man get such wisdom and the power to do great things?"
Matthew 13:55 Isn't this the son of the carpenter? Isn't his mother named Mary? And his brothers, James, Joses, Simon, and Judas?
Matthew 13:56 Doesn't he have all his sisters here with us? So where did this man get all these things?
Matthew 13:57 They were upset because of him. But Jesus told them, a prophet is respected everywhere except in his own town and home.
Matthew 13:58 He did not do many powerful things there because they did not believe.

Matthew 14:1 At that time, Herod the ruler heard about Jesus's fame.
Matthew 14:2 He told his servants, "This is John the Baptist; he has risen from the dead, and that's why he can do powerful things."
Matthew 14:3 Herod arrested John, tied him up, and put him in jail because of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife.
Matthew 14:4 John told him, "You should not have her."
Matthew 14:5 He wanted to kill him but was afraid of the people, because they thought he was a prophet.
Matthew 14:6 On Herod's birthday, Herodias's daughter danced for them and made Herod happy.
Matthew 14:7 He promised with a promise to give her anything she asked for.
Matthew 14:8 Her mother had told her what to say, so she said, "Give me John the Baptist's head on a plate right here."
Matthew 14:9 The king felt sad, but because of his promise and the guests at his table, he ordered that her request be granted.
Matthew 14:10 He sent someone and had John beheaded in the prison.
Matthew 14:11 They brought his head on a platter, gave it to the young woman, and she took it to her mother.
Matthew 14:12 His followers came, picked up the body, buried it, and then went to tell Jesus.
Matthew 14:13 When Jesus learned about it, he left by boat to a remote desert area. Hearing this, the people walked from the towns to follow him.
Matthew 14:14 Jesus went out, saw many people, felt sorry for them, and healed their sick.
Matthew 14:15 In the evening, his followers came to him and said, "This is a remote place, and it's getting late; tell the crowd to leave so they can go to the nearby towns and buy food for themselves."
Matthew 14:16 Jesus said to them, "They don't need to leave; give them something to eat."
Matthew 14:17 They said to him, "We only have five loaves of bread and two fish here."
Matthew 14:18 He said, "Bring them here to me."
Matthew 14:19 He told the people to sit on the grass, took the five loaves and two fish, looked up to the sky, said a blessing, broke the bread, and gave it to his followers, who then gave it to everyone.
Matthew 14:20 Everyone ate and was satisfied, and they gathered twelve baskets full of leftover pieces.
Matthew 14:21 About five thousand men ate, not counting women and children.
Matthew 14:22 Right away, Jesus made his disciples get into a boat and go ahead of him to the other side while he sent the crowds away.
Matthew 14:23 After he told the crowds to go, he went up a mountain by himself to pray. When night came, he was there alone.
Matthew 14:24 The boat was in the middle of the sea, being thrown about by waves, because the wind was against it.
Matthew 14:25 In the last part of the night, Jesus went to them, walking on the water.
Matthew 14:26 When the disciples saw him walking on the water, they were scared and said, "It's a ghost!" and they screamed with fear.
Matthew 14:27 Right away Jesus spoke to them, saying, "Be happy; it's me; don't be scared."
Matthew 14:28 Peter answered, "Lord, if it's really you, tell me to come to you on the water."
Matthew 14:29 He said, "Come." So Peter got out of the boat and walked on the water to go to Jesus.
Matthew 14:30 But when he saw the strong wind, he was scared; and starting to sink, he shouted, "God, save me."
Matthew 14:31 Right away, Jesus reached out his hand, grabbed him, and said, "You with little faith, why did you doubt?"
Matthew 14:32 When they got into the boat, the wind stopped.
Matthew 14:33 The people in the boat came to him and honored him, saying, "Truly, you are the Son of God."
Matthew 14:34 After they crossed over, they arrived in the land of Gennesaret.
Matthew 14:35 When the people there recognized him, they spread the word throughout the region and brought all the sick to him.
Matthew 14:36 They asked to touch just the edge of his clothes, and everyone who touched it was completely healed.

Matthew 15:1 Some teachers of the law and Pharisees from Jerusalem came to Jesus and asked,
Matthew 15:2 Why do your followers break the elders' tradition? They don't wash their hands before eating bread.
Matthew 15:3 But he replied and said to them, "Why do you also break God's command by following your tradition?"
Matthew 15:4 God commanded, saying, Respect your father and mother; and, Anyone who speaks badly of their father or mother must be put to death.
Matthew 15:5 But you say, if anyone tells their father or mother, 'What you could have gained from me is a gift to God',
Matthew 15:6 If someone does not respect their father or mother, you say they are free from guilt. This way, you cancel out God's rule because of your tradition.
Matthew 15:7 You pretenders, Isaiah was right when he prophesied about you, saying,
Matthew 15:8 These people come close to me with their words and honor me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me.
Matthew 15:9 They worship me for nothing, teaching human rules as if they were God's teachings.
Matthew 15:10 He called the crowd and said to them, "Listen and understand."
Matthew 15:11 What goes into the mouth does not make a person unclean; it's what comes out of the mouth that makes a person unclean.
Matthew 15:12 His disciples came and asked him, "Do you know that the Pharisees were upset when they heard what you said?"
Matthew 15:13 He replied, "Every plant that my Father in heaven did not plant will be pulled out."
Matthew 15:14 Leave them; they are blind guides. If a blind person leads another blind person, both will fall into a hole.
Matthew 15:15 Peter replied and asked him, "Explain this story to us."
Matthew 15:16 Jesus asked, "Do you still not understand?"
Matthew 15:17 Don't you understand that whatever goes into the mouth passes into the stomach and then is eliminated?
Matthew 15:18 The things that come out of the mouth start in the heart, and these make the person unclean.
Matthew 15:19 Evil thoughts, murders, cheating in marriage, sexual misconduct, stealing, lying, and insults all come from the heart.
Matthew 15:20 These things make a person unclean: but eating with unwashed hands does not make a person unclean.
Matthew 15:21 Jesus left that place and went to the region of Tyre and Sidon.
Matthew 15:22 Look, a Canaanite woman came from that area and called out to him, "Please have mercy on me, Sir, son of David; my daughter is suffering terribly because of an evil spirit."
Matthew 15:23 He did not reply to her at all. His followers came and urged him, "Tell her to go away; she keeps shouting at us."
Matthew 15:24 He replied, "I am only sent to the lost sheep of Israel."
Matthew 15:25 She came and worshiped him, saying, "Sir, help me."
Matthew 15:26 But he replied, "It's not right to take the children's bread and throw it to dogs."
Matthew 15:27 She said, "Yes, God, but even the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from their owners' table."
Matthew 15:28 Then Jesus replied to her, "Woman, your faith is strong; let it happen for you as you wish." And her daughter was healed at that moment.
Matthew 15:29 Jesus left that place and went near the Sea of Galilee; He climbed a mountain and sat down there.
Matthew 15:30 Many people came to him, bringing the lame, blind, mute, crippled, and many others, and placed them at Jesus' feet; and he healed them.
Matthew 15:31 The crowd was amazed to see those who couldn't speak talking, the injured healed, the lame walking, and the blind seeing; and they praised the God of Israel.
Matthew 15:32 Jesus called his followers to him and said, "I feel sorry for all the people because they have been with me for three days and have nothing to eat. I don't want to send them away hungry, or they might get weak on their journey."
Matthew 15:33 His followers asked him, "Where can we get enough bread in this remote place to feed such a large crowd?"
Matthew 15:34 Jesus asked them, "How many loaves do you have?" They replied, "Seven, and a few small fish."
Matthew 15:35 He told the people to sit down on the ground.
Matthew 15:36 He took the seven loaves and the fish, thanked God, broke them, and gave them to his followers, and they gave them to the crowd.
Matthew 15:37 Everyone ate and was satisfied. They collected seven baskets full of leftover pieces.
Matthew 15:38 About four thousand men ate, not counting women and children.
Matthew 15:39 He sent the crowd away, got into a boat, and went to the region of Magdala.

Matthew 16:1 The Pharisees and Sadducees also came to Jesus and, trying to trick him, asked him to show them a sign from heaven.
Matthew 16:2 He replied, "When the evening comes, you say, 'The weather will be good,' because the sky is red."
Matthew 16:3 In the morning, the weather will be bad today because the sky is red and dark. You hypocrites, you can tell what the sky looks like, but can't you tell what's happening in these times?
Matthew 16:4 A bad and unfaithful generation looks for a sign; no sign will be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah. Then he left them and went away.
Matthew 16:5 When his disciples reached the other side, they realized they had forgotten to bring bread.
Matthew 16:6 Jesus told them, "Be careful and watch out for the influence of the Pharisees and Sadducees."
Matthew 16:7 They talked to each other, saying, "It's because we didn't bring any bread."
Matthew 16:8 When Jesus noticed, he said to them, "You with little faith, why are you discussing that you have no bread?"
Matthew 16:9 Don't you understand or remember the five loaves for the five thousand people and the number of baskets you gathered?
Matthew 16:10 Don't you remember the seven loaves for the four thousand and how many baskets you collected?
Matthew 16:11 Why don't you understand that I was not talking about bread? Be careful of the Pharisees' and Sadducees' teachings.
Matthew 16:12 Then they realized he was not telling them to watch out for the yeast in bread, but to be cautious of the teachings of the Pharisees and Sadducees.
Matthew 16:13 When Jesus arrived in the region of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his followers, "Who do people say that I, the Son of Man, am?"
Matthew 16:14 They said, "Some think you are John the Baptist, others Elijah, and others think you are Jeremiah or one of the prophets."
Matthew 16:15 He asks them, "But who do you say I am?"
Matthew 16:16 Simon Peter answered, "You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God."
Matthew 16:17 Jesus replied to him, "You are blessed, Simon son of Jonah, because this was not shown to you by humans, but by my Father in heaven."
Matthew 16:18 I also tell you that you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not overcome it.
Matthew 16:19 I will give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven: whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you release on earth will be released in heaven.
Matthew 16:20 He told his disciples not to tell anyone that he was Jesus the Christ.
Matthew 16:21 From that time, Jesus started to explain to his followers that he had to go to Jerusalem, face many troubles from the leaders, the main priests, and the teachers of the law, be put to death, and come back to life on the third day.
Matthew 16:22 Then Peter took him aside and started to scold him, saying, "Don't let this happen to you, Lord; this must not happen to you."
Matthew 16:23 He turned and said to Peter, "Go away from me, Satan! You are a problem to me because you don't care about what comes from God, but only what comes from people."
Matthew 16:24 Jesus told his followers, "If anyone wants to follow me, they must forget about themselves, carry their cross, and come with me."
Matthew 16:25 Whoever wants to save their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life for me will find it.
Matthew 16:26 What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet lose their own life? Or what can someone give to get back their life?
Matthew 16:27 The Son of Man will come with the brightness of his Father and his angels; and then he will give each person what they deserve for what they have done.
Matthew 16:28 I tell you the truth, some standing here will not die before they see the Son of Man arriving in his kingdom.

Matthew 17:1 Six days later, Jesus took Peter, James, and John, his brother, up a high mountain by themselves.
Matthew 17:2 He changed form in front of them; his face shone like the sun, and his clothes became as white as light.
Matthew 17:3 Suddenly, Moses and Elijah appeared to them, talking with him.
Matthew 17:4 Peter replied to Jesus, "Teacher, it's great for us to be here. If you want, we can build three shelters: one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah."
Matthew 17:5 While he was still speaking, a bright cloud covered them. And a voice from the cloud said, "This is my dear Son, who makes me happy; listen to him."
Matthew 17:6 When the followers heard this, they fell to the ground, very scared.
Matthew 17:7 Jesus came, touched them, and said, "Get up, and do not be afraid."
Matthew 17:8 When they looked up, they saw no one except Jesus.
Matthew 17:9 As they came down from the mountain, Jesus instructed them, "Don't tell anyone what you saw until the Son of man has risen from the dead."
Matthew 17:10 His followers asked him, "Why do the teachers say that Elijah must come first?"
Matthew 17:11 Jesus answered them, "Elias will indeed come first and restore everything."
Matthew 17:12 I tell you, Elijah has already come, and they did not recognize him, but did to him whatever they wanted. In the same way, the Son of Man will suffer by their hands.
Matthew 17:13 Then the followers realized he was talking to them about John the Baptist.
Matthew 17:14 When they reached the crowd, a man came to him, knelt down before him, and said,
Matthew 17:15 God, please have mercy on my son; he has seizures and suffers terribly. Often he falls into the fire and into the water.
Matthew 17:16 I brought him to your followers, but they couldn't heal him.
Matthew 17:17 Then Jesus replied, "You have no faith and are all mixed up. How long must I stay with you? How long must I put up with you? Bring the boy to me."
Matthew 17:18 Jesus told the evil spirit to leave, and it left the boy, who was healed from that moment.
Matthew 17:19 The disciples came to Jesus alone and asked, "Why couldn't we drive it out?"
Matthew 17:20 Jesus told them, "It's because you don't believe. Truly, if you have faith even as small as a mustard seed, you can tell this mountain to move to another place and it will move. Nothing will be impossible for you."
Matthew 17:21 However, this type can only come out through prayer and fasting.
Matthew 17:22 While they stayed in Galilee, Jesus told them, "The Son of Man will be handed over to people."
Matthew 17:23 They will kill him, and on the third day, he will rise again. They were very sad.
Matthew 17:24 When they arrived in Capernaum, the people who collect the temple tax went to Peter and asked, "Doesn't your teacher pay the tax?"
Matthew 17:25 He said, "Yes." When he entered the house, Jesus spoke first, asking, "What do you think, Simon? Who do the kings of the earth collect taxes or fees from? Their own children or others?"
Matthew 17:26 Peter said to him, "From foreigners." Jesus said to him, "Then the children are free."
Matthew 17:27 Still, we don't want to upset them, so go to the lake, throw in a line, and pull out the first fish you catch. Open its mouth and you'll find some money. Take it and pay them for both of us.

Matthew 18:1 The disciples came to Jesus then, asking, "Who is the greatest in heaven's kingdom?"
Matthew 18:2 Jesus called a child over and had him stand among them.
Matthew 18:3 Truly, I tell you, if you don't change and become like little children, you won't enter the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:4 Anyone who humbles themselves like this child is the greatest in heaven's kingdom.
Matthew 18:5 Anyone who welcomes a little child because of me is welcoming me.
Matthew 18:6 But if anyone hurts one of these little ones who believe in me, it would be better for them to have a heavy stone tied around their neck and to be drowned in the deep sea.
Matthew 18:7 Trouble comes to the world because of wrongs; wrongs must happen, but trouble comes to the person who causes the wrong.
Matthew 18:8 If your hand or foot causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. It's better to live with one hand or foot than to have two and be thrown into eternal fire.
Matthew 18:9 If your eye causes you to sin, take it out and throw it away. It's better to live with one eye than to have two eyes and be thrown into hell.
Matthew 18:10 Be careful not to look down on any of these little ones, because I tell you, their angels in heaven always see the face of my God in heaven.
Matthew 18:11 The Son of Man came to save what was lost.
Matthew 18:12 What do you think? If a man has a hundred sheep and one gets lost, won't he leave the ninety-nine and go to the mountains to look for the lost one?
Matthew 18:13 If he finds it, truly, I tell you, he is happier about that one sheep than about the ninety-nine that did not wander off.
Matthew 18:14 God in heaven does not want even one of these little ones to be lost.
Matthew 18:15 If your brother does wrong to you, go and point out his mistake, just between the two of you. If he listens to you, you have won your brother back.
Matthew 18:16 If he doesn't listen to you, bring one or two others with you, so that the truth of every word can be confirmed by two or three witnesses.
Matthew 18:17 If he ignores them, tell the church. But if he ignores the church, treat him like a stranger or a tax collector.
Matthew 18:18 I tell you the truth, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you release on earth will be released in heaven.
Matthew 18:19 I tell you again, if two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven.
Matthew 18:20 When two or three people meet in my name, I am there with them.
Matthew 18:21 Peter came to him and asked, "Lord, how many times should I forgive my brother when he sins against me? Up to seven times?"
Matthew 18:22 Jesus said to him, "I don't mean seven times, but seventy times seven."
Matthew 18:23 The kingdom of heaven is compared to a king who wanted to settle accounts with his servants.
Matthew 18:24 When he started to settle accounts, someone was brought to him who owed him ten thousand coins.
Matthew 18:25 Since he couldn't pay, his master ordered that he, his wife, his children, and everything he owned be sold to pay the debt.
Matthew 18:26 The servant knelt down and begged him, saying, "Master, please wait, and I will pay you everything."
Matthew 18:27 The master of the servant felt sorry for him, set him free, and canceled his debt.
Matthew 18:28 The servant went out and found a fellow servant who owed him a small amount of money. He grabbed him and choked him, saying, "Pay back what you owe me."
Matthew 18:29 His coworker knelt down and begged him, saying, "Please be patient with me, and I will pay you everything."
Matthew 18:30 He refused and put him in jail until he could pay back the money.
Matthew 18:31 When his fellow servants saw what happened, they were very sad and went to tell their master everything that happened.
Matthew 18:32 Then his master, after calling him, said to him, 'You evil servant, I forgave all your debt because you asked me to.
Matthew 18:33 Shouldn't you also have shown mercy to your fellow servant, just as I showed mercy to you?
Matthew 18:34 His master was angry and handed him over to the jailers until he could pay back everything he owed.
Matthew 18:35 In the same way, my Father in heaven will treat you, unless you truly forgive everyone for the wrongs they have done to you.

Matthew 19:1 After Jesus finished speaking, he left Galilee and went to the area of Judea across the Jordan River.
Matthew 19:2 Large crowds followed him, and he healed them there.
Matthew 19:3 The Pharisees came to him, trying to test him, and asked, "Is it okay for a man to divorce his wife for any reason?"
Matthew 19:4 He replied, "Haven't you read that at the start, the Creator made them man and woman?"
Matthew 19:5 And said, "Because of this, a man will leave his father and mother and stick to his wife, and the two will become one body."
Matthew 19:6 So they are no longer two, but one body. What God has joined, let no one separate.
Matthew 19:7 They asked him, "Then why did Moses tell us to give a divorce paper and send her away?"
Matthew 19:8 He told them, Moses allowed you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard, but it was not like that from the start.
Matthew 19:9 I tell you, if anyone divorces his wife for any reason other than unfaithfulness, and marries someone else, he is committing adultery. Whoever marries the divorced woman is also committing adultery.
Matthew 19:10 His followers said to him, "If this is how it is between a man and his wife, it is better not to get married."
Matthew 19:11 He told them, "Not everyone can accept this teaching, only those who are meant to."
Matthew 19:12 Some people are born unable to have children, some are made that way by others, and some choose to live without marriage for God's kingdom. Whoever can accept this should accept it.
Matthew 19:13 People brought little children to him so he could lay his hands on them and pray, but the disciples scolded them.
Matthew 19:14 Jesus said, Let the little children come to me, don't stop them, because heaven belongs to ones like these.
Matthew 19:15 He put his hands on them and left that place.
Matthew 19:16 Someone came and asked him, "Good teacher, what must I do to get eternal life?"
Matthew 19:17 He asked him, "Why do you call me good? Only God is truly good. But if you want to have life, follow the commandments."
Matthew 19:18 He asked, "Which ones?" Jesus answered, "Do not kill, do not cheat on your spouse, do not steal, do not lie about others,"
Matthew 19:19 Respect your father and mother, and love your neighbor as you love yourself.
Matthew 19:20 The young man said to him, "I have kept all these things since I was young: what do I still need?"
Matthew 19:21 Jesus said to him, "If you want to be perfect, go sell what you own, give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven: then come and follow me."
Matthew 19:22 But when the young man heard this, he left feeling sad because he had many things.
Matthew 19:23 Jesus told his disciples, "I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven."
Matthew 19:24 I tell you again, it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter God's kingdom.
Matthew 19:25 When his followers heard this, they were very surprised and asked, "Then who can be rescued?"
Matthew 19:26 Jesus looked at them and said, "For people this is impossible, but for God everything is possible."
Matthew 19:27 Peter replied, "Look, we've left everything to follow you. What will we get for this?"
Matthew 19:28 Jesus told them, "Truly, I tell you, those who have followed me will, when the Son of Man sits on his glorious throne, also sit on twelve thrones to judge the twelve tribes of Israel."
Matthew 19:29 Everyone who has left homes, brothers, sisters, parents, spouse, children, or fields for my sake will get back much more and will have eternal life.
Matthew 19:30 Many who are first will be last, and the last will be first.

Matthew 20:1 The kingdom of heaven is like a man who owns a house and went out early in the morning to find workers for his vineyard.
Matthew 20:2 After he made a deal with the workers for one penny each day, he sent them to his grape farm.
Matthew 20:3 He went out around nine in the morning and saw others standing around doing nothing in the market.
Matthew 20:4 He said to them, "You go work in the vineyard too, and I will pay you what is fair." So they went.
Matthew 20:5 He went out again around six and nine in the morning and did the same thing.
Matthew 20:6 Around eleven o'clock, he went out, found others standing around doing nothing, and said to them, 'Why have you been standing here all day doing nothing?'
Matthew 20:7 They tell him, "No one has given us work." He says to them, "Go work in the vineyard, and you will get what is fair."
Matthew 20:8 When evening came, the owner of the vineyard said to his manager, "Call the workers, and pay them their wages, starting with the last ones hired to the first."
Matthew 20:9 When the workers who were hired around 5 p.m. came, each one got a penny.
Matthew 20:10 When the first workers came, they thought they would get more, but they also got one penny each.
Matthew 20:11 When they got it, they complained about the homeowner.
Matthew 20:12 You said, 'These people worked only one hour, but you've treated them the same as us, who worked hard all day in the hot sun.'
Matthew 20:13 He replied to one of them, "Friend, I'm not being unfair to you. Didn't you agree to work for a penny?"
Matthew 20:14 Take what is yours and leave; I will give this last person the same as I gave you.
Matthew 20:15 Isn't it okay for me to do what I want with what's mine? Are you jealous because I am generous?
Matthew 20:16 The last will be first, and the first will be last: many are called, but few are chosen.
Matthew 20:17 Jesus headed to Jerusalem and took the twelve disciples aside on the road and said to them,
Matthew 20:18 Look, we are going to Jerusalem; and the Son of Man will be handed over to the religious leaders and the teachers of the law, and they will sentence him to death.
Matthew 20:19 They will hand him over to foreigners to mock, whip, and crucify him; but on the third day, he will come back to life.
Matthew 20:20 Zebedee's wife came to Jesus with her sons, bowing down to him, and asked him for something.
Matthew 20:21 He asked her, "What do you want?" She replied, "Let my two sons sit with you in your kingdom, one on your right and the other on your left."
Matthew 20:22 But Jesus replied, "You don't understand what you're asking. Can you handle the hard things I'm going to face and go through the tough experience I will go through?" They answered him, "We can."
Matthew 20:23 He tells them, "You will indeed drink from my cup and be baptized like I am. But to sit at my right or left side is not for me to give. That place is for those my Father has prepared it for."
Matthew 20:24 When the ten heard about it, they were very upset with the two brothers.
Matthew 20:25 Jesus called them to him and said, "You know that the leaders of other nations rule over them, and their powerful people have authority over them."
Matthew 20:26 In your group, it should not be like that. Instead, if someone wants to be important, they should serve you.
Matthew 20:27 Whoever wants to be the most important among you must serve the rest.
Matthew 20:28 The Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life to save many people.
Matthew 20:29 As they left Jericho, a large crowd followed him.
Matthew 20:30 Two blind men were sitting by the road. When they heard Jesus was coming by, they shouted, "Please help us, Lord, Son of David!"
Matthew 20:31 The crowd told them to be quiet, but they shouted louder, "Please have mercy on us, God, son of David."
Matthew 20:32 Jesus stopped, called them, and asked, "What do you want me to do for you?"
Matthew 20:33 They said to him, "Lord, let our eyes be opened."
Matthew 20:34 Jesus felt sorry for them, touched their eyes, and right away they could see, and they followed him.

Matthew 21:1 When they got close to Jerusalem and reached Bethphage at the Mount of Olives, Jesus sent two disciples.
Matthew 21:2 Tell them, go to the village ahead of you, and at once you will find a donkey tied up, and a young donkey with her: untie them and bring them to me.
Matthew 21:3 If anyone asks you about it, say, 'God needs them,' and he will send them right away.
Matthew 21:4 This happened to fulfill what the prophet had said.
Matthew 21:5 Tell the people of Zion, look, your King is coming to you, humble, and riding on a donkey, and on a colt, the young of a donkey.
Matthew 21:6 The disciples went and did what Jesus told them to do.
Matthew 21:7 They brought the donkey and the young colt, put their cloaks on them, and Jesus sat on them.
Matthew 21:8 A huge crowd spread their clothes on the road; others cut branches from the trees and scattered them on the road.
Matthew 21:9 The crowds going ahead and those following shouted, "Hosanna to the son of David! He who comes in the name of God is blessed; Hosanna in the highest!"
Matthew 21:10 When he entered Jerusalem, the whole city was stirred up and asked, "Who is this?"
Matthew 21:11 The crowd said, "This is Jesus, the prophet from Nazareth in Galilee."
Matthew 21:12 Jesus entered God's temple and drove out all who were selling and buying there. He flipped over the tables of the money changers and the chairs of those selling doves.
Matthew 21:13 He said to them, "It is written, 'My house will be called a house of prayer,' but you have turned it into a hideout for thieves."
Matthew 21:14 Blind and disabled people came to him in the temple, and he healed them.
Matthew 21:15 When the religious leaders saw the amazing things he did, and heard the children shouting in the temple, "Hosanna to the Son of David," they were very upset.
Matthew 21:16 And said to him, "Do you hear what they are saying?" And Jesus said to them, "Yes; have you never read, 'From the mouths of children and babies you have made perfect praise'?"
Matthew 21:17 He left them, went out of the city to Bethany, and stayed there.
Matthew 21:18 In the morning as he went back to the city, he was hungry.
Matthew 21:19 When he saw a fig tree by the road, he went to it but found no fruit, only leaves. Then he said to it, "May you never grow fruit again." At once, the fig tree dried up.
Matthew 21:20 When the disciples saw it, they were amazed and said, "How quickly has the fig tree dried up!"
Matthew 21:21 Jesus replied, "I tell you the truth, if you believe and don't doubt, you can do not just what was done to the fig tree, but also tell this mountain to move and be thrown into the sea, and it will happen."
Matthew 21:22 When you pray and believe, anything you ask for, you will get.
Matthew 21:23 When he entered the temple, the religious leaders and elders approached him while he was teaching and asked, "What gives you the right to do these things? Who gave you this authority?"
Matthew 21:24 Jesus replied and said to them, "I will ask you one question too, and if you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things."
Matthew 21:25 Where did John's baptism come from? From God or from people? They thought, "If we say, 'From God,' he will ask us, 'Then why didn't you believe John?'"
Matthew 21:26 But if we say, 'From people,' we are afraid of the crowd, because everyone considers John a prophet.
Matthew 21:27 They replied to Jesus, "We don't know." So he said to them, "Then I won't tell you by what authority I do these things."
Matthew 21:28 What do you think? A man had two sons. He went to the first and said, "Son, go work in my vineyard today."
Matthew 21:29 He replied, "I won't." But later he changed his mind and went.
Matthew 21:30 He went to the second and said the same thing. The second one answered, "I will go, sir," but he did not go.
Matthew 21:31 Which of the two did what his father wanted? They answered, "The first." Jesus told them, "I tell you the truth, the tax collectors and prostitutes will enter God's kingdom ahead of you."
Matthew 21:32 John came to you living right, but you didn't believe him. Tax collectors and prostitutes did believe, and even after seeing this, you didn't change your minds to believe him.
Matthew 21:33 Listen to another story: A man owned a house, planted a vineyard, put a fence around it, made a place to press grapes, built a watchtower, rented it to farmers, and then he went to a distant land.
Matthew 21:34 When it was almost time to pick the fruit, he sent his workers to the farmers to collect the fruit.
Matthew 21:35 The farmers took his workers, beat one, killed another, and threw stones at another.
Matthew 21:36 He sent more servants than before, and they were treated the same way.
Matthew 21:37 Last of all, he sent them his son, thinking, "They will respect my son."
Matthew 21:38 When the workers saw the son, they said to each other, "This is the one who will inherit everything. Let's kill him and take his inheritance."
Matthew 21:39 They grabbed him, threw him out of the vineyard, and killed him.
Matthew 21:40 When the owner of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those workers?
Matthew 21:41 They tell him, God will terribly destroy those bad men, and will rent his vineyard to other farmers, who will give him the crops at the right times.
Matthew 21:42 Jesus said to them, "Have you never read in the scriptures that the stone the builders did not want became the cornerstone? This was done by God, and it is amazing to us?"
Matthew 21:43 I tell you, God's kingdom will be taken from you and given to a people who produce its fruits.
Matthew 21:44 Anyone who falls on this stone will break, but if it falls on anyone, it will crush them into dust.
Matthew 21:45 When the chief priests and Pharisees heard his stories, they understood he was talking about them.
Matthew 21:46 But when they tried to arrest him, they were afraid of the crowd, because the people believed he was a prophet.

Matthew 22:1 Jesus answered and told them another story using parables. He said,
Matthew 22:2 God's kingdom is like a king who arranged a wedding for his son.
Matthew 22:3 He sent his servants to invite those who had been asked to the wedding, but they did not want to come.
Matthew 22:4 He sent more servants and said, "Tell the invited guests, 'Look, I've made my dinner ready: my oxen and fattened animals are butchered, and everything is set. Come to the wedding feast.'"
Matthew 22:5 But they ignored it and went away, one to his farm, another to his business.
Matthew 22:6 The remaining people took his servants, treated them badly, and killed them.
Matthew 22:7 When the king heard this, he was angry. He sent his armies to kill those murderers and burn their city.
Matthew 22:8 He said to his servants, "The wedding is ready, but the guests who were invited were not worthy."
Matthew 22:9 Go to the main roads and invite everyone you find to the wedding.
Matthew 22:10 The servants went out to the roads and brought back everyone they found, both bad and good, and the wedding hall was filled with guests.
Matthew 22:11 When the king entered to look at the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing wedding clothes.
Matthew 22:12 He said to him, "Friend, how did you come in here without a wedding outfit?" And he had nothing to say.
Matthew 22:13 The king told his servants, "Tie up his hands and feet, take him out, and throw him into the dark place, where there will be crying and grinding of teeth."
Matthew 22:14 Many are invited, but few are selected.
Matthew 22:15 Then the Pharisees went and planned how to trap him with his words.
Matthew 22:16 They sent their followers to him with the Herodians, saying, "Teacher, we know you are honest and teach God's way truthfully. You don't favor anyone because you pay no attention to who they are."
Matthew 22:17 Tell us then, what do you think? Is it right to pay taxes to Caesar or not?
Matthew 22:18 But Jesus knew they were being evil and asked, "Why are you trying to trick me, you fakers?"
Matthew 22:19 Show me the tax money. And they brought him a coin.
Matthew 22:20 He asks them, "Whose picture and name are on this?"
Matthew 22:21 They said to him, "Caesar's." Then he said to them, "Give back to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and to God what belongs to God."
Matthew 22:22 After hearing his words, they were amazed, then they left and went on their way.
Matthew 22:23 That day the Sadducees, who say there is no resurrection, came to him and asked him.
Matthew 22:24 Teacher, Moses said, "If a man dies without children, his brother should marry the widow and have children for his brother."
Matthew 22:25 Seven brothers were with us. The first brother died after he got married, and since he had no children, his wife became his brother's.
Matthew 22:26 The second one did the same, and the third, up to the seventh.
Matthew 22:27 Finally, the woman died too.
Matthew 22:28 So, at the resurrection, whose wife will she be, since all seven were married to her?
Matthew 22:29 Jesus answered them, "You are mistaken, because you don't know the Scriptures or God's power."
Matthew 22:30 In the resurrection, people do not marry or are married off, but are like God's angels in heaven.
Matthew 22:31 But about rising from the dead, haven't you read what God told you, saying,
Matthew 22:32 I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. God is not for the dead, but for the living.
Matthew 22:33 When the crowd heard this, they were amazed at his teaching.
Matthew 22:34 When the Pharisees heard that he had made the Sadducees quiet, they came together.
Matthew 22:35 One of them, a lawyer, asked him a question to test him, saying,
Matthew 22:36 Teacher, what is the most important command in the law?
Matthew 22:37 Jesus told him, "You should love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind."
Matthew 22:38 This is the most important command.
Matthew 22:39 The second command is similar: Love your neighbor the same way you love yourself.
Matthew 22:40 All the laws and the teachings of the prophets are based on these two commandments.
Matthew 22:41 While the Pharisees were together, Jesus asked them,
Matthew 22:42 Asking, "What do you think about the Messiah? Who's his father?" They answered, "David's son."
Matthew 22:43 He asks them, "So why does David, inspired by the Spirit, call him 'Lord,' saying?
Matthew 22:44 God said to my master, "Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place for your feet."
Matthew 22:45 If David calls him Lord, how is he David's son?
Matthew 22:46 No one could reply to him at all, nor did anyone dare to ask him more questions from that day on.

Matthew 23:1 Jesus spoke to the crowd and to his followers.
Matthew 23:2 The teachers of the Law and the Pharisees have authority like Moses.
Matthew 23:3 Do what they tell you to follow, but don't copy their actions. They talk but don't act.
Matthew 23:4 They put heavy and hard loads on people's shoulders but won't lift a finger to help them.
Matthew 23:5 They do all their actions to be seen by people: they wear wide scripture boxes and make the edges of their clothes long.
Matthew 23:6 They like the best places at feasts and the most important seats in the synagogues.
Matthew 23:7 They like to be greeted in the marketplaces and to have people call them 'Teacher, Teacher.'
Matthew 23:8 Don't let anyone call you 'Teacher,' because you have only one Teacher, Christ, and you are all brothers and sisters.
Matthew 23:9 Do not call anyone on earth your father; you have one Father, and he is in heaven.
Matthew 23:10 Don't be called leaders, because you have only one leader, Christ.
Matthew 23:11 The one who is the greatest among you must be your helper.
Matthew 23:12 Anyone who makes himself important will be made humble, and he who makes himself humble will be made important.
Matthew 23:13 But trouble comes to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, pretenders! You lock the door to God's kingdom so no one can enter. You don't go in, and you don't let those trying to enter get in.
Matthew 23:14 Trouble awaits you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, fakers! You take advantage of widows and their homes, and pretend to be holy by praying long prayers. Because of this, you will face harsher punishment.
Matthew 23:15 You are in trouble, teachers of the law and Pharisees, fakers! You travel over sea and land to win one follower, and when you do, you make them twice as much a child of hell as you are.
Matthew 23:16 Trouble to you, blind leaders, who say, if anyone swears by the temple, it means nothing; but if anyone swears by the temple's gold, they must keep their promise!
Matthew 23:17 You fools and blind, which is more important, the gold or the temple that makes the gold holy?
Matthew 23:18 Anyone who swears by the altar is not committing to anything, but whoever swears by the offering on it is responsible.
Matthew 23:19 You fools and blind: which is greater, the gift or the altar that makes the gift holy?
Matthew 23:20 Anyone who swears by the altar, is swearing by it and everything on it.
Matthew 23:21 Anyone who swears by the temple is swearing by it and by God who lives in it.
Matthew 23:22 Whoever swears by heaven is swearing by God's throne and by the one who sits on it.
Matthew 23:23 You are in trouble, teachers and religious leaders, pretenders! You give a tenth of your spices like mint, anise, and cumin, but you ignore the more important things in God's law—justice, kindness, and trust. You should do these without forgetting the others.
Matthew 23:24 You blind leaders, who filter out a small insect but swallow a camel.
Matthew 23:25 Trouble comes to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, fakers! You clean the outside of the cup and dish, but inside they are full of greed and self-indulgence.
Matthew 23:26 You blind Pharisee, first clean the inside of the cup and dish so that the outside can be clean too.
Matthew 23:27 Trouble comes to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, fakers! You are like painted tombs that look nice on the outside but inside are full of dead people's bones and all kinds of filth.
Matthew 23:28 You might look good to others, but inside you are full of fakeness and wrong.
Matthew 23:29 Trouble to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you fakers! You build the tombs of the prophets and decorate the graves of the good people.
Matthew 23:30 And say, If we had lived when our ancestors did, we wouldn't have helped them kill the prophets.
Matthew 23:31 So you show by your own actions that you are descendants of those who killed the prophets.
Matthew 23:32 Complete what your ancestors started.
Matthew 23:33 You snakes, you family of vipers, how can you avoid being condemned to hell?
Matthew 23:34 So, look, I will send to you prophets, wise people, and writers; and some of them you will kill and hang on crosses; and some of them you will beat in your places of worship, and chase from town to town.
Matthew 23:35 So that the punishment for all the good people's blood spilled on the earth will fall on you, from the good Abel's blood to the blood of Zacharias, Barachias's son, whom you killed between the temple and the altar.
Matthew 23:36 I truly tell you, all these things will happen to this generation.
Matthew 23:37 Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you, how often I wanted to gather your children as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you didn't want that!
Matthew 23:38 Look, your house is left empty.
Matthew 23:39 I tell you, you will not see me again until you say, "Blessed is he who comes in God's name."

Matthew 24:1 Jesus left the temple, and when his disciples approached, they pointed out the temple buildings to him.
Matthew 24:2 Jesus said to them, "Don't you see all these things? Truly, I tell you, not one stone will be left on another here; all will be knocked down."
Matthew 24:3 As he sat on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to him in private and said, "Tell us, when will these things happen? And what will be the sign of your coming, and of the end of the world?"
Matthew 24:4 Jesus replied and told them, "Be careful that no one tricks you."
Matthew 24:5 Many will come using my name, claiming to be Christ, and they will fool many people.
Matthew 24:6 You will hear about wars and talk of wars: don't be afraid: all these things have to happen, but it's not the end yet.
Matthew 24:7 Country will fight against country, and kingdom against kingdom; there will be food shortages, diseases, and earthquakes in different places.
Matthew 24:8 All these things are the start of troubles.
Matthew 24:9 They will hand you over to suffer and will kill you. All nations will hate you because of me.
Matthew 24:10 Then many will feel hurt, betray each other, and hate one another.
Matthew 24:11 Many false prophets will appear and trick many people.
Matthew 24:12 Because there will be more wrongdoing, many people's love will grow cold.
Matthew 24:13 But the one who keeps going until the end will be saved.
Matthew 24:14 This good news of the kingdom will be told everywhere in the world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.
Matthew 24:15 When you see the terrible thing that causes destruction, mentioned by the prophet Daniel, standing in the sacred place, (if you read this, try to understand:)
Matthew 24:16 If you are in Judea, run to the mountains.
Matthew 24:17 If you're on the roof, don't go down to get anything from your house.
Matthew 24:18 If someone is in the field, they should not go back to get their clothes.
Matthew 24:19 Trouble will come to pregnant women and mothers nursing babies in those days!
Matthew 24:20 Pray that you don't have to run away in the winter or on the Sabbath day.
Matthew 24:21 Then there will be a great hardship, like nothing that has ever happened from the start of the world until now, and will never happen again.
Matthew 24:22 If those days were not made shorter, no one would survive. But for the sake of the chosen ones, those days will be made shorter.
Matthew 24:23 If anyone tells you, 'Look, here is Christ,' or 'There he is,' don't believe it.
Matthew 24:24 False Christs and false prophets will come and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even God's chosen people.
Matthew 24:25 Look, I have already told you.
Matthew 24:26 So if someone tells you, 'Look, he is in the desert,' don't go there; or 'Look, he is hiding inside,' don't believe it.
Matthew 24:27 Just like lightning starts in the east and flashes to the west, so will the arrival of the Son of Man be.
Matthew 24:28 Wherever the dead body is, that's where the eagles will come together.
Matthew 24:29 Right after those hard times, the sun will get dark, the moon won't shine, stars will fall from the sky, and the forces in the heavens will be shaken.
Matthew 24:30 Then the sign of the Son of Man will appear in the sky, all the peoples of the earth will be sad, and they will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of the sky with power and great glory.
Matthew 24:31 He will send his angels with a loud trumpet call, and they will bring his chosen people from everywhere, from all parts of the sky.
Matthew 24:32 Learn from the story of the fig tree: When its branch becomes soft and grows leaves, you know summer is near.
Matthew 24:33 In the same way, when you see all these things, understand that it is close, right at the door.
Matthew 24:34 Truly I tell you, this group of people will not disappear until all these things happen.
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear.
Matthew 24:36 No one knows the day or hour, not even the angels in heaven, only God does.
Matthew 24:37 Just as in Noah's time, so will the arrival of the Son of Man be.
Matthew 24:38 Before the flood, people were eating, drinking, getting married, and giving others in marriage, until Noah went into the ark.
Matthew 24:39 They did not know until the flood came and swept them all away; so will it be when the Son of Man comes.
Matthew 24:40 Two people will be in the field; one will be taken, and the other will be left behind.
Matthew 24:41 Two women will be working at the mill; one will be taken, and the other will be left behind.
Matthew 24:42 Stay alert, because you do not know when your Lord will come.
Matthew 24:43 Understand this: if the owner of the house knew when the thief would come, he would have stayed alert and not let his house be broken into.
Matthew 24:44 Be ready too, because the Son of Man will come at a time you don't expect.
Matthew 24:45 Who then is a loyal and smart servant, whom his master has put in charge of his household, to give them food at the right time?
Matthew 24:46 Happy is the servant who is doing his work when his master comes.
Matthew 24:47 I truly tell you, he will put him in charge of all his property.
Matthew 24:48 If the bad servant thinks, "My master is taking a long time to come back;"
Matthew 24:49 He will start to hurt his fellow servants and to eat and drink with the drunk.
Matthew 24:50 The master of that servant will come on a day when he is not expecting him, and at an hour he does not know.
Matthew 24:51 He will cut him to pieces and place him with the fakes, where there will be crying and grinding of teeth.

Matthew 25:1 Then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten young women who took their lamps and went out to meet the groom.
Matthew 25:2 Five of them were smart, and five were foolish.
Matthew 25:3 The foolish ones took their lamps but didn't bring any oil.
Matthew 25:4 The smart ones took oil in containers along with their lamps.
Matthew 25:5 While the groom was delayed, they all dozed off and slept.
Matthew 25:6 At midnight someone shouted, "Look, the groom is coming; go out to meet him."
Matthew 25:7 Then all those young women got up and made their lamps ready.
Matthew 25:8 The foolish ones said to the wise, "Give us some of your oil; our lamps have gone out."
Matthew 25:9 The wise replied, "No, there might not be enough for both us and you. Instead, go to those who sell oil and buy some for yourselves."
Matthew 25:10 While they were buying oil, the groom arrived; those prepared went with him to the wedding, and the door was closed.
Matthew 25:11 Later, the other young women came too, saying, "Sir, Sir, open the door for us."
Matthew 25:12 He replied, "Truly, I tell you, I don't know you."
Matthew 25:13 Stay alert, because you don't know the day or the time when the Son of Man will come.
Matthew 25:14 The kingdom of heaven is like a man going to a distant land, who called his servants and gave them his possessions.
Matthew 25:15 God gave one person five talents, another two, and another one, each according to their own ability; and then he left immediately.
Matthew 25:16 The person who got five talents went and did business with them and earned five more talents.
Matthew 25:17 The person who got two also made two more.
Matthew 25:18 The person who got one coin went, dug a hole in the ground, and hid his master's money.
Matthew 25:19 After a long time, the master of those servants came and settled accounts with them.
Matthew 25:20 The person who got five talents came and brought five more, saying, God, you gave me five talents; look, I've earned five more talents in addition.
Matthew 25:21 His master said to him, "Good job, you're a good and loyal worker. You've been loyal with a few things, I'll put you in charge of many things. Come and share your master's happiness."
Matthew 25:22 The person who got two talents also came and said, "Master, you gave me two talents; look, I've earned two more talents in addition."
Matthew 25:23 His master said to him, "Well done, good and loyal servant; you have been loyal with a few things, I will put you in charge of many things: come and share your master's happiness."
Matthew 25:24 The person who got one talent came and said, "Master, I knew you are a tough man, taking what you didn't plant and collecting what you didn't scatter."
Matthew 25:25 I was scared, so I went and buried your money in the ground. Look, here is what belongs to you.
Matthew 25:26 His master replied, "You bad and lazy servant, you knew that I harvest where I haven't planted, and gather where I haven't scattered seed.
Matthew 25:27 You should have put my money with the bankers, so when I came back I could have gotten it back with interest.
Matthew 25:28 So take the talent from him and give it to the one who has ten talents.
Matthew 25:29 Everyone who has something will receive more and have plenty. But the person who has nothing will lose even the little they have.
Matthew 25:30 Throw the useless servant into the deep darkness, where there will be crying and grinding of teeth.
Matthew 25:31 When the Son of Man comes in his glory, with all the angels, he will sit on his glorious throne.
Matthew 25:32 Before him all nations will be gathered, and he will separate them from each other, just like a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats.
Matthew 25:33 He will put the sheep on his right side and the goats on his left.
Matthew 25:34 The King will say to those on his right side, "Come, you who are blessed by my Father, receive the kingdom made ready for you since the world was made."
Matthew 25:35 I was hungry, and you gave me food; I was thirsty, and you gave me something to drink; I was a stranger, and you welcomed me.
Matthew 25:36 I was naked, and you gave me clothes; I was sick, and you looked after me; I was in prison, and you came to see me.
Matthew 25:37 The good people will answer, "God, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink?"
Matthew 25:38 When did we see you as a stranger and welcome you, or without clothes and dress you?
Matthew 25:39 When did we see you sick or in prison and come to you?
Matthew 25:40 The King will reply, 'Truly, I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.'
Matthew 25:41 Then he will also say to those on the left, 'Go away from me, you cursed ones, into the eternal fire made for the devil and his angels.'
Matthew 25:42 I was hungry, and you gave me nothing to eat; I was thirsty, and you gave me nothing to drink.
Matthew 25:43 I was a stranger, and you did not welcome me: without clothes, and you did not dress me: ill, and in jail, and you did not visit me.
Matthew 25:44 Then they will also answer, saying, "God, when did we see you hungry, or thirsty, or a stranger, or without clothes, or sick, or in jail, and did not help you?"
Matthew 25:45 He will reply, 'I tell you, when you did not help one of the least important people, you did not help me.'
Matthew 25:46 These will go to eternal punishment, but the good people to eternal life.

Matthew 26:1 After Jesus said all this, he spoke to his followers.
Matthew 26:2 You know that in two days the Passover feast will happen, and the Son of Man will be betrayed to be crucified.
Matthew 26:3 The chief priests, scribes, and elders of the people gathered at the high priest's palace, whose name was Caiaphas.
Matthew 26:4 They planned secretly to capture Jesus and kill him.
Matthew 26:5 But they said, "Not during the feast, so there won't be a riot among the people."
Matthew 26:6 When Jesus was in Bethany, at Simon the leper's house,
Matthew 26:7 A woman came to him with a jar of very expensive perfume and poured it on his head while he was eating.
Matthew 26:8 When his followers saw this, they were upset, asking, "Why this waste?"
Matthew 26:9 This perfume could have been sold for a good price and the money given to the poor.
Matthew 26:10 When Jesus knew this, he said to them, "Why do you bother this woman? She has done a good thing for me."
Matthew 26:11 You will always have the poor among you, but you will not always have me.
Matthew 26:12 Because she put this perfume on me, she did it for when I am buried.
Matthew 26:13 I truly tell you, wherever this good news is shared in the whole world, what this woman has done will also be told to remember her.
Matthew 26:14 One of the twelve disciples, named Judas Iscariot, went to the chief priests.
Matthew 26:15 He asked them, "What will you pay me to hand him over to you?" So they agreed to give him thirty silver coins.
Matthew 26:16 From then on, he looked for a chance to betray him.
Matthew 26:17 On the first day of the festival of unleavened bread, the followers came to Jesus and asked, "Where do you want us to get ready for you to eat the Passover meal?"
Matthew 26:18 He said, "Go into the city to a certain man and tell him, 'The Teacher says, My time is near; I will celebrate the Passover at your house with my followers.'"
Matthew 26:19 The disciples did what Jesus told them, and they prepared for the Passover.
Matthew 26:20 When evening came, he sat down with the twelve.
Matthew 26:21 While they were eating, he said, "I tell you the truth, one of you will betray me."
Matthew 26:22 They were very sad, and each one started asking him, "Lord, is it me?"
Matthew 26:23 He replied, "The one who dips his hand in the bowl with me will betray me."
Matthew 26:24 The Son of Man is going as it has been told about him, but how terrible for the person who betrays the Son of Man! It would have been better for that person if he had never been born.
Matthew 26:25 Then Judas, who betrayed him, answered and said, "Teacher, is it me?" He replied to him, "You have said so."
Matthew 26:26 While they were eating, Jesus took bread, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to the disciples, saying, "Take and eat; this is my body."
Matthew 26:27 He took the cup, thanked God, and gave it to them, saying, "Drink all of it."
Matthew 26:28 This is my blood of the new agreement, poured out for many to forgive sins.
Matthew 26:29 I tell you, I won't drink this wine again until the day I drink new wine with you in my Father's kingdom.
Matthew 26:30 After singing a hymn, they went to the Mount of Olives.
Matthew 26:31 Jesus said to them, "All of you will be troubled because of me tonight, as it is written, 'I will strike the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock will be scattered.'"
Matthew 26:32 After I come back to life, I will go ahead of you to Galilee.
Matthew 26:33 Peter replied to him, "Even if everyone is upset because of you, I will never be upset."
Matthew 26:34 Jesus told him, "I tell you the truth, tonight before the rooster crows, you will say three times that you don't know me."
Matthew 26:35 Peter said to him, "Even if I have to die with you, I will never deny you." All the other disciples said the same.
Matthew 26:36 Jesus came with them to a place named Gethsemane and said to the disciples, "Stay here while I go over there to pray."
Matthew 26:37 He brought Peter and Zebedee's two sons with him, and started to feel sad and very troubled.
Matthew 26:38 He said to them, "My soul is very sad, as if I'm about to die. Stay here and keep watch with me."
Matthew 26:39 He went on a bit more, fell face down, and prayed, "My Father, if it's possible, let this cup be taken away; but not what I want, your will be done."
Matthew 26:40 He came to his followers, found them sleeping, and said to Peter, "What, you couldn't stay awake with me for one hour?"
Matthew 26:41 Stay alert and pray so you don't give in to temptation. You want to do what's right, but it's hard to follow through.
Matthew 26:42 He went to pray again, saying, "My Father, if I must go through this and cannot avoid it, let your will happen."
Matthew 26:43 He came and saw them sleeping again because their eyes were tired.
Matthew 26:44 He left them, went away again, and prayed for the third time, saying the same things.
Matthew 26:45 He then goes to his disciples and tells them, "Keep sleeping and resting. Look, the time is near when the Son of Man will be handed over to sinners."
Matthew 26:46 Get up, let's go; look, the one who will betray me is near.
Matthew 26:47 While he was still talking, Judas, one of the twelve, arrived with a large crowd carrying swords and clubs sent by the religious leaders and elders.
Matthew 26:48 The one who betrayed Jesus told them, "The man I kiss is the one you want. Grab him and don't let go."
Matthew 26:49 He immediately went to Jesus, said "Hello, teacher," and kissed him.
Matthew 26:50 Jesus said to him, "Friend, why have you come?" Then they came, grabbed Jesus, and arrested him.
Matthew 26:51 Suddenly, one with Jesus reached out, pulled out a sword, hit the high priest's servant, and cut off his ear.
Matthew 26:52 Jesus said to him, "Put your sword back in its place. Everyone who uses a sword will die by a sword."
Matthew 26:53 Do you think I cannot ask my Father for help, and he would quickly send me more than twelve legions of angels?
Matthew 26:54 But how then will what the Scriptures say come true, that it has to happen this way?
Matthew 26:55 At that time, Jesus said to the crowds, "Did you come to arrest me with swords and clubs as if I were a thief? I was with you every day teaching in the temple, and you didn't seize me."
Matthew 26:56 All this happened to fulfill what the prophets wrote. Then all the followers left him and ran away.
Matthew 26:57 Those who captured Jesus took him to Caiaphas, the high priest, where the teachers of the law and the elders were gathered.
Matthew 26:58 Peter followed him from a distance to the high priest's house, entered, and sat with the servants to see what would happen.
Matthew 26:59 The religious leaders, elders, and council looked for lies about Jesus to have a reason to kill him.
Matthew 26:60 They found none, even though many liars came. Finally, two liars came.
Matthew 26:61 He said, "This man claimed, 'I can tear down God's temple and rebuild it in three days.'"
Matthew 26:62 The high priest stood up and said to Jesus, "Aren't you going to answer? What are these accusations these people are making against you?"
Matthew 26:63 But Jesus stayed silent, and the high priest said to him, "I order you by the living God to tell us if you are the Christ, the Son of God."
Matthew 26:64 Jesus told him, "You have said it. But I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of Power and coming on heaven's clouds."
Matthew 26:65 The high priest tore his clothes and said, "He has spoken disrespectfully against God; do we need more witnesses? You all heard the disrespect."
Matthew 26:66 What do you think? They replied, "He deserves to die."
Matthew 26:67 They spit in his face, hit him, and others slapped him with their hands.
Matthew 26:68 Tell us, you Messiah, who hit you?
Matthew 26:69 Peter was sitting outside in the courtyard, and a girl came up to him and said, "You were also with Jesus from Galilee."
Matthew 26:70 He denied it in front of everyone, saying, "I don't know what you're talking about."
Matthew 26:71 After he went out to the entryway, another girl saw him and told the people there, "This man was with Jesus from Nazareth."
Matthew 26:72 He again denied, promising with a strong promise, "I don't know the man."
Matthew 26:73 After some time, those standing nearby came to Peter and said, "You must be one of them; your way of talking gives you away."
Matthew 26:74 He started to curse and swear, "I don't know the man." Right away, a rooster crowed.
Matthew 26:75 Peter remembered what Jesus had told him: "Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times." Then he went outside and cried hard.

Matthew 27:1 When morning came, all the leading priests and elders planned together to kill Jesus.
Matthew 27:2 After they tied him up, they took him and handed him over to the governor, Pontius Pilate.
Matthew 27:3 Judas, who had betrayed Jesus, felt sorry when he saw Jesus was going to be punished. He returned the thirty silver coins to the religious leaders and elders.
Matthew 27:4 "I have done wrong by betraying someone innocent," he said. "That's your problem," they replied.
Matthew 27:5 He threw the silver coins in the temple, left, and went to hang himself.
Matthew 27:6 The chief priests took the silver and said, "We can't put this in the treasury because it's blood money."
Matthew 27:7 They made a plan and used the money to buy the potter's field as a burial place for foreigners.
Matthew 27:8 That's why they call the field the Field of Blood to this day.
Matthew 27:9 Then what the prophet Jeremiah had said came true: "They took the thirty silver coins, the price set on him by some of the people of Israel."
Matthew 27:10 They used the money to buy the potter's field, as God told me to do.
Matthew 27:11 Jesus stood in front of the governor, who asked him, "Are you the king of the Jews?" Jesus replied, "You say so."
Matthew 27:12 When the leading priests and elders accused him, he did not respond.
Matthew 27:13 Pilate asked him, "Don't you hear how many things they are accusing you of?"
Matthew 27:14 He did not reply at all, which amazed the governor very much.
Matthew 27:15 At that festival, the governor usually freed a prisoner chosen by the people.
Matthew 27:16 They had a well-known prisoner named Barabbas.
Matthew 27:17 So when they all came together, Pilate asked them, "Who do you want me to set free for you? Barabbas, or Jesus who is called the Christ?"
Matthew 27:18 He knew they had handed him over because they were jealous.
Matthew 27:19 When he sat on the judge's bench, his wife sent a message to him, saying, "Don't get involved with that innocent man, because I had a lot of trouble in a dream about him today."
Matthew 27:20 The religious leaders and officials convinced the people to choose Barabbas and to get rid of Jesus.
Matthew 27:21 The leader answered and asked them, "Which of the two do you want me to set free for you?" They said, "Barabbas."
Matthew 27:22 Pilate asked them, "What should I do with Jesus who is called the Christ?" They all answered, "Crucify him."
Matthew 27:23 The governor asked, "Why? What bad thing has he done?" But they shouted louder, "Crucify him."
Matthew 27:24 When Pilate realized he was getting nowhere and that a riot was starting, he washed his hands in front of the people and said, "I am not responsible for this man's death; you deal with it."
Matthew 27:25 Then all the people answered, "Let the responsibility for his death fall on us and our children."
Matthew 27:26 He set Barabbas free for them, and after he had whipped Jesus, he handed him over to be crucified.
Matthew 27:27 The governor's soldiers took Jesus to a big room and all the soldiers came together around him.
Matthew 27:28 They took off his clothes and put a red robe on him.
Matthew 27:29 After making a crown of thorns, they placed it on his head and a stick in his right hand. They knelt down in front of him and made fun of him, saying, "Hello, King of the Jews!"
Matthew 27:30 They spat on him, took the stick, and hit him on the head.
Matthew 27:31 After mocking him, they removed his robe, dressed him in his own clothes, and took him to be crucified.
Matthew 27:32 As they were leaving, they met a man from Cyrene named Simon. They forced him to carry the cross.
Matthew 27:33 When they arrived at a place called Golgotha, which means a place of a skull,
Matthew 27:34 They gave him sour wine mixed with bitter herbs, and when he tasted it, he refused to drink.
Matthew 27:35 They nailed him to a cross and divided his clothes, throwing dice to decide who would get each piece. This happened to fulfill what the prophet said: "They divided my clothes among them and cast lots for my garment."
Matthew 27:36 They sat down and watched him there.
Matthew 27:37 They placed a sign above his head with the charge against him written on it: THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Matthew 27:38 Two thieves were crucified with him, one on the right and one on the left.
Matthew 27:39 People walking by insulted him, shaking their heads.
Matthew 27:40 They said, "You who would destroy the temple and rebuild it in three days, save yourself. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross."
Matthew 27:41 The religious leaders also made fun of him, along with the teachers of the law and the older leaders, and said,
Matthew 27:42 He saved others; he cannot save himself. If he is Israel's king, let him come down from the cross now, and we will believe in him.
Matthew 27:43 He trusted in God; let God rescue him now, if He wants him: because he said, I am the Son of God.
Matthew 27:44 The robbers who were crucified with him also insulted him.
Matthew 27:45 From noon until three in the afternoon, there was darkness over the entire land.
Matthew 27:46 Around the ninth hour, Jesus shouted loudly, saying, Eli, Eli, why have you left me alone?
Matthew 27:47 Some people standing there heard this and said, "This man is calling for Elijah."
Matthew 27:48 Right away one of them ran, took a sponge, filled it with sour wine, put it on a stick, and offered it to him to drink.
Matthew 27:49 The others said, "Leave it, let's see if Elijah comes to save him."
Matthew 27:50 Jesus, after crying out loudly, died.
Matthew 27:51 Look, the curtain in the temple tore in two from top to bottom; the ground shook, and the rocks split.
Matthew 27:52 The graves opened, and many holy people who had died came back to life.
Matthew 27:53 They came out of the tombs after he was raised from the dead, and went into the holy city, where many people saw them.
Matthew 27:54 When the army officer and his companions guarding Jesus felt the earthquake and saw what happened, they were very afraid and said, "This really was God's Son."
Matthew 27:55 Many women were there watching from a distance, who had followed Jesus from Galilee, serving him.
Matthew 27:56 Included were Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James and Joseph, and the mother of Zebedee's sons.
Matthew 27:57 When evening arrived, a wealthy man from Arimathaea called Joseph, who was also Jesus' follower, came.
Matthew 27:58 He went to Pilate and asked for Jesus' body. Then Pilate ordered that the body be given to him.
Matthew 27:59 When Joseph got the body, he wrapped it in a clean cloth.
Matthew 27:60 He placed it in his own new grave that he had carved from the rock, and he rolled a big stone in front of the grave's entrance, then left.
Matthew 27:61 Mary Magdalene and the other Mary were sitting across from the tomb.
Matthew 27:62 The next day, after the preparation day, the chief priests and Pharisees met with Pilate.
Matthew 27:63 They said, "Sir, we recall that the deceiver claimed he would rise again three days after his death."
Matthew 27:64 So, make the tomb secure until the third day, so that his followers cannot come at night, take him, and tell everyone, 'He has risen from the dead.' This would make the last mistake worse than the first.
Matthew 27:65 Pilate said to them, "You have a guard; go and make it as secure as you know how."
Matthew 27:66 They went and secured the tomb by sealing the stone and placing guards.

Matthew 28:1 At the end of the Sabbath, as the first day of the week was starting, Mary Magdalene and the other Mary went to see the tomb.
Matthew 28:2 Look, there was a big earthquake because an angel from God came down from heaven, moved the stone from the entrance, and sat on it.
Matthew 28:3 His face shone like lightning, and his clothes were as white as snow.
Matthew 28:4 The guards were so afraid of him that they trembled and became like men who were dead.
Matthew 28:5 The angel said to the women, "Don't be afraid. I know you are looking for Jesus, who was crucified."
Matthew 28:6 He is not here; he has risen, just as he said. Come and see where he was lying.
Matthew 28:7 Go fast, and tell his disciples he has risen from the dead. Look, he is going ahead of you to Galilee. You will see him there. I have told you now.
Matthew 28:8 They left the tomb quickly, feeling afraid yet very happy, and ran to tell his disciples.
Matthew 28:9 As they were going to tell his disciples, Jesus met them and said, "Greetings." They came, took hold of his feet, and worshiped him.
Matthew 28:10 Jesus told them, "Don't be scared. Go and tell my brothers to go to Galilee, and they will see me there."
Matthew 28:11 As they were leaving, look, some of the guards went into the city and told the chief priests everything that had happened.
Matthew 28:12 When they met with the leaders and made their plan, they paid the soldiers a lot of money.
Matthew 28:13 Say, "His followers came at night and took him while we were sleeping."
Matthew 28:14 If the governor hears about this, we will talk to him and protect you.
Matthew 28:15 They took the money and did what they were told, and people still tell this story among the Jews today.
Matthew 28:16 Then the eleven followers went to Galilee, to a mountain where Jesus had told them to go.
Matthew 28:17 When they saw him, they worshiped him, but some were unsure.
Matthew 28:18 Jesus came and said to them, "I have been given all authority in heaven and on earth."
Matthew 28:19 Go and teach all people, baptize them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Matthew 28:20 Teach them to follow everything I have told you: and remember, I am with you always, to the end of time. Amen.

Mark 1:1 The start of the good news about Jesus Christ, God's Son;
Mark 1:2 The prophets wrote, "Look, I will send my messenger ahead of you to get things ready for you."
Mark 1:3 A voice cries out in the desert, "Get ready for God's coming, make a straight path for him."
Mark 1:4 John baptized in the desert and taught about baptism for forgiveness of sins.
Mark 1:5 Everyone from the area of Judaea and the city of Jerusalem went to him, and they were all baptized by him in the Jordan River while admitting their sins.
Mark 1:6 John wore camel hair clothes with a leather belt around his waist and ate locusts and wild honey.
Mark 1:7 He preached, "Someone more powerful than me is coming after me, and I'm not even worthy to bend down and untie his shoes."
Mark 1:8 I have baptized you with water; but he will baptize you with the Holy Spirit.
Mark 1:9 During that time, Jesus traveled from Nazareth in Galilee and John baptized him in the Jordan River.
Mark 1:10 Right after coming up from the water, he saw the sky open, and the Spirit like a dove coming down on him.
Mark 1:11 A voice from heaven said, "You are my dear Son, and I am very pleased with you."
Mark 1:12 Right away, the spirit led him into the desert.
Mark 1:13 He was in the desert for forty days, tempted by Satan, with wild animals, and angels helped him.
Mark 1:14 After John was put in jail, Jesus went to Galilee and preached the good news about God's kingdom.
Mark 1:15 They are saying, "The right time has come, and God's kingdom is near: change your ways and trust in the good news."
Mark 1:16 As he walked by the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and his brother Andrew throwing a net into the sea because they were fishermen.
Mark 1:17 Jesus said to them, "Follow me, and I will make you become fishers of people."
Mark 1:18 Right away they left their nets and followed him.
Mark 1:19 After he went a little further from there, he saw James, Zebedee's son, and John his brother, who were in the boat fixing their nets.
Mark 1:20 Immediately he called them, and they left their father Zebedee in the boat with the hired workers, and followed him.
Mark 1:21 They went to Capernaum; immediately on the Sabbath, he went into the meeting place and taught.
Mark 1:22 They were amazed at his teaching because he spoke with authority, not like the teachers of the law.
Mark 1:23 In their meeting place, there was a man with an evil spirit; and he shouted,
Mark 1:24 They said, "Leave us alone; what do you want with us, Jesus of Nazareth? Have you come to destroy us? I know who you are, the Holy One of God."
Mark 1:25 Jesus scolded him, saying, "Be quiet and come out of him."
Mark 1:26 When the evil spirit had hurt him and shouted loudly, it left him.
Mark 1:27 Everyone was amazed and asked each other, "What is this? A new teaching? He gives orders to evil spirits with power, and they listen to him."
Mark 1:28 Right away, his fame spread all over the area around Galilee.
Mark 1:29 Right after leaving the synagogue, they went into Simon and Andrew's house, along with James and John.
Mark 1:30 Simon's mother-in-law was in bed with a fever, and they quickly told Jesus about her.
Mark 1:31 He came, took her hand, helped her stand; at once the fever was gone, and she served them.
Mark 1:32 In the evening, when the sun set, they brought to him all who were sick and those who had demons.
Mark 1:33 Everyone in the city came together at the door.
Mark 1:34 He healed many who were sick with different diseases and drove out many demons; he did not let the demons talk because they knew who he was.
Mark 1:35 In the morning, long before sunrise, he got up, left the house, went to a quiet place, and prayed.
Mark 1:36 Simon and his companions went after him.
Mark 1:37 When they found him, they told him, "Everyone is looking for you."
Mark 1:38 He said to them, "Let's go to the nearby towns so I can preach there too; because that's why I came."
Mark 1:39 He taught in their meeting places all over Galilee and drove out demons.
Mark 1:40 A man with leprosy came to him, asking for help, knelt down, and said, "If you want to, you can make me clean."
Mark 1:41 Jesus, feeling sorry for him, reached out, touched him, and said, "I want to; be clean."
Mark 1:42 Right after he spoke, the leprosy left him, and he was clean.
Mark 1:43 He strictly told him and immediately sent him away.
Mark 1:44 He said to him, "Don't tell anyone, but go and show yourself to the priest and offer what Moses told you to for your cleansing, as proof to them."
Mark 1:45 He left and started to spread the news widely, so much that Jesus couldn't go into the town publicly but stayed in remote areas. And people came to him from everywhere.

Mark 2:1 He went back to Capernaum after a few days, and people heard that he was at home.
Mark 2:2 Right away, many people came together, so much that there was no space for them, not even near the door, and he shared God's message with them.
Mark 2:3 They came to him, carrying a man paralyzed by sickness, who was carried by four people.
Mark 2:4 When they couldn't get close to him because of the crowd, they opened up the roof above where he was. After they made a hole, they lowered the mat where the person with paralysis was lying.
Mark 2:5 When Jesus saw how much they believed, he said to the man who could not move, "Son, your sins are forgiven."
Mark 2:6 Some teachers were sitting there, thinking to themselves.
Mark 2:7 Why does this man speak such insults? Who can forgive sins except God alone?
Mark 2:8 Right away, when Jesus knew in his spirit that they were thinking this way inside, he asked them, "Why are you thinking these things in your hearts?"
Mark 2:9 Is it easier to tell someone with paralysis, "Your sins are forgiven," or to say, "Get up, take your mat, and walk?"
Mark 2:10 So you may know that the Son of man has the power on earth to forgive sins, he said to the sick man with paralysis.
Mark 2:11 I tell you, get up, take your bed, and go home.
Mark 2:12 Right away he got up, picked up his mat, and walked out in front of everyone. They were all so amazed, they praised God, saying, "We've never seen anything like this."
Mark 2:13 He went out again by the sea, and all the people came to him, and he taught them.
Mark 2:14 As he walked by, he saw Levi, Alphaeus' son, sitting at the tax booth and told him, "Follow me." Levi got up and followed him.
Mark 2:15 As Jesus was eating in his house, many tax collectors and wrongdoers were also eating with him and his followers, because there were a lot of them, and they followed him.
Mark 2:16 When the teachers of the law and Pharisees saw him eating with tax collectors and sinners, they asked his followers, "Why does he eat and drink with tax collectors and sinners?"
Mark 2:17 When Jesus heard this, he said to them, "Healthy people don't need a doctor, but sick people do. I didn't come to call the good, but sinners to change their ways."
Mark 2:18 John's followers and the Pharisees often fast, and they came and asked him, "Why do John's followers and the Pharisees fast, but your followers do not fast?"
Mark 2:19 Jesus asked them, "Can wedding guests fast while the groom is with them? As long as they have the groom, they can't fast."
Mark 2:20 But a time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them, and then they will fast on those days.
Mark 2:21 No one sews a new piece of cloth onto an old piece of clothing. If they do, the new patch pulls away from the old and the tear gets bigger.
Mark 2:22 No one puts new wine into old bottles; otherwise, the new wine will burst the bottles, the wine will spill out, and the bottles will be ruined. But new wine should be put into new bottles.
Mark 2:23 He walked through the cornfields on the Sabbath, and as they walked, his followers started to pick corn ears.
Mark 2:24 The Pharisees asked him, "Look, why do they do things on the Sabbath day that are not allowed?"
Mark 2:25 He asked them, "Have you never read what David did when he was in need and hungry, along with his companions?"
Mark 2:26 He entered God's house when Abiathar was high priest, ate the sacred bread, which only priests can legally eat, and shared it with his companions.
Mark 2:27 He said to them, "The sabbath was made for people, not people for the sabbath."
Mark 2:28 So, the Son of Man is also the ruler of the Sabbath.

Mark 3:1 He went into the synagogue again, and there was a man there with a crippled hand.
Mark 3:2 They watched to see if he would heal the man on the Sabbath so they could accuse him.
Mark 3:3 He said to the man with the crippled hand, "Stand up."
Mark 3:4 He asked them, "Is it right to do good on the Sabbath, or to do bad? To save a life, or to kill?" But they were silent.
Mark 3:5 When he saw them with anger, upset because their hearts were hard, he told the man, "Stretch out your hand." He did so, and his hand was healed and became like the other one.
Mark 3:6 The Pharisees left and immediately planned with the Herodians how to get rid of him.
Mark 3:7 Jesus went away to the sea with his disciples, and a large crowd from Galilee and Judea followed him.
Mark 3:8 From Jerusalem, from Idumaea, from across the Jordan, and from around Tyre and Sidon, a large crowd came to him when they heard about the amazing things he did.
Mark 3:9 He told his disciples to have a small boat ready for him to keep the crowd from crowding him.
Mark 3:10 He had healed so many people that they crowded around him, hoping to touch him, all those who were sick with diseases.
Mark 3:11 Evil spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and shouted, "You are the Son of God."
Mark 3:12 He strongly ordered them not to tell anyone about him.
Mark 3:13 He went up a mountain and called those he chose, and they went to him.
Mark 3:14 He chose twelve to stay with him and to send them out to teach.
Mark 3:15 To have the ability to cure diseases and drive out demons.
Mark 3:16 Simon was nicknamed Peter.
Mark 3:17 James, Zebedee's son, and John, James' brother, were named by him Sons of Thunder.
Mark 3:18 Andrew, Philip, Bartholomew, Matthew, Thomas, James son of Alphaeus, Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,
Mark 3:19 Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him, was also there; and they entered a house.
Mark 3:20 The crowd gathered again, so much that they couldn't even eat.
Mark 3:21 When his friends heard this, they came to take control of him because they said, "He is out of his mind."
Mark 3:22 The teachers of the law who came from Jerusalem said, "He has Beelzebub, and by the ruler of demons he drives out demons."
Mark 3:23 He called them over and told them using simple stories, "How can Satan drive out Satan?"
Mark 3:24 If a kingdom fights within itself, that kingdom cannot last.
Mark 3:25 If a house is split within, that house can't last.
Mark 3:26 If Satan fights against himself and is split apart, he cannot last, but will come to an end.
Mark 3:27 No one can go into a strong man's house and take his things unless he first ties up the strong man; then he can rob his house.
Mark 3:28 I tell you the truth, all sins and insults against God will be forgiven for people.
Mark 3:29 Whoever speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven and is at risk of never-ending punishment.
Mark 3:30 They said he has a bad spirit.
Mark 3:31 His brothers and mother came and, standing outside, they sent someone in to call him.
Mark 3:32 A crowd sat around him, and they told him, "Look, your mother and your brothers outside are looking for you."
Mark 3:33 He replied to them, "Who is my mother or my brothers?"
Mark 3:34 He looked around at those sitting nearby and said, "Look, here are my mother and my brothers!"
Mark 3:35 Anyone who does what God wants is like my brother, my sister, and my mother.

Mark 4:1 He started teaching by the sea again, and so many people came to him that he got into a boat and sat on the water, while all the people stayed on the shore.
Mark 4:2 He taught them many things using stories and explained his teachings to them.
Mark 4:3 Listen; Look, a farmer went out to plant seeds.
Mark 4:4 As he was planting seeds, some dropped on the path, and birds flew down and ate them.
Mark 4:5 Some seeds fell on rocky soil where there wasn't much dirt; they quickly grew because the soil was shallow.
Mark 4:6 When the sun rose, it burned the plant, and because the plant had no roots, it dried up.
Mark 4:7 Some seeds fell among thorns, and when the thorns grew, they choked the seeds so they produced no fruit.
Mark 4:8 Some seeds fell on good soil and grew, making more seeds. They produced thirty, sixty, or even a hundred times more.
Mark 4:9 He told them, "If anyone can hear, listen carefully."
Mark 4:10 When he was alone, the people with the twelve disciples asked him about the parable.
Mark 4:11 He told them, "You are given the knowledge of God's kingdom's secret, but to outsiders, everything is told in stories."
Mark 4:12 They can look but not see, and listen but not understand, so they won't turn back and be forgiven for their wrongs.
Mark 4:13 He asked them, "Don't you understand this story? How then will you understand any story?"
Mark 4:14 The farmer plants the message.
Mark 4:15 These are the ones near the path where the message is planted; but as soon as they hear it, Satan comes quickly and removes the message that was planted in their hearts.
Mark 4:16 These are also the ones planted on rocky soil; they hear the message and quickly accept it with joy.
Mark 4:17 They have no strong root, and only last for a while. When trouble or persecution comes because of the message, they quickly get upset.
Mark 4:18 These are the people whose seed fell among thorns; they are those who hear the message,
Mark 4:19 Worries about life, the trickery of wealth, and wanting other things crowd out God's message, making it unproductive.
Mark 4:20 These are the ones planted on good soil: they hear the message, accept it, and produce crops—some thirty times what was sown, some sixty times, and some a hundred times.
Mark 4:21 He asked them, "Do you bring a candle to hide it under a bowl or a bed? Shouldn't it be placed on a candle holder?"
Mark 4:22 Nothing hidden will stay that way; what was secret will become known.
Mark 4:23 If anyone can hear, let them listen.
Mark 4:24 He told them, "Be careful what you listen to: the way you give to others will be the way you get from others, and if you listen well, you will receive even more."
Mark 4:25 Whoever has will receive more, and whoever does not have, even what they have will be taken away.
Mark 4:26 He said, “God's kingdom is like when a man plants seeds in the soil.”
Mark 4:27 He sleeps and wakes, day and night, and the seed sprouts and grows, but he doesn't know how.
Mark 4:28 The earth produces its own crops: first the plant, then the head of grain, then the fully developed grain in the head.
Mark 4:29 But when the fruit is ready, right away he uses the sickle, because it's time to harvest.
Mark 4:30 He asked, "What can we compare God's kingdom to? What example can we use to describe it?"
Mark 4:31 It is like a tiny mustard seed that, when planted in the ground, is smaller than all the other seeds in the ground.
Mark 4:32 When it's planted, it grows and becomes bigger than all the plants, and it spreads out big branches so birds can rest in its shade.
Mark 4:33 Using many stories like these, he shared his message with them, as much as they could understand.
Mark 4:34 He always taught using stories, but when alone with his followers, he explained everything.
Mark 4:35 That same day, when evening came, he said to them, "Let's go across to the other side."
Mark 4:36 After sending the crowd away, they went with him on the boat just as he was. There were also other small boats with him.
Mark 4:37 A big storm came with strong winds, and the waves hit the boat until it was full of water.
Mark 4:38 He was at the back of the boat, sleeping on a cushion. They woke him and said, "Teacher, don't you care if we drown?"
Mark 4:39 He got up, told the wind to stop, and said to the sea, "Quiet, be calm." Then the wind stopped, and it was very calm.
Mark 4:40 He asked them, "Why are you so scared? Why don't you have faith?"
Mark 4:41 They were very afraid and asked each other, "Who is this man that even the wind and the sea listen to him?"

Mark 5:1 They crossed the sea and reached the land of the Gadarenes.
Mark 5:2 As soon as he stepped out of the boat, a man with an evil spirit came from the tombs to meet him.
Mark 5:3 He lived among the graves, and no one could tie him up, even with chains.
Mark 5:4 Because he had often been tied up with chains and shackles, and he had torn the chains apart and broken the shackles, no one could control him.
Mark 5:5 He was always in the mountains and graves, night and day, yelling and hurting himself with stones.
Mark 5:6 When he saw Jesus from far away, he ran and bowed down to him.
Mark 5:7 He shouted loudly, "Jesus, Son of the highest God, what do you want with me? I beg you in God's name, don't torture me."
Mark 5:8 He told the unclean spirit, "Come out of the man."
Mark 5:9 He asked him, "What is your name?" He replied, "My name is Legion, because there are many of us."
Mark 5:10 He begged him a lot not to make them leave the area.
Mark 5:11 Near the mountains there was a large group of pigs eating.
Mark 5:12 All the demons begged him, "Please send us into the pigs, so we can go into them."
Mark 5:13 Immediately, Jesus allowed it. The evil spirits left and went into the pigs. The large group of pigs rushed down the steep hill into the water (there were about two thousand), and they drowned in the water.
Mark 5:14 The people taking care of the pigs ran away and reported this in the town and the countryside. Then everyone came to see what had happened.
Mark 5:15 They came to Jesus and saw the man who had been possessed by a demon, who had many inside him, sitting, wearing clothes, and in his clear mind; and they were scared.
Mark 5:16 The people who saw it explained what happened to the man with the demon and about the pigs.
Mark 5:17 They started to ask him to leave their area.
Mark 5:18 When he got into the boat, the man who had been controlled by the evil spirit begged to go with him.
Mark 5:19 However, Jesus did not allow him, but said to him, "Go back to your friends, and tell them about the great things God has done for you, and how he has had mercy on you."
Mark 5:20 He left and started to tell everyone in Decapolis about the great things Jesus had done for him; and everyone was amazed.
Mark 5:21 When Jesus went back by boat to the other side, many people came to him, and he was near the sea.
Mark 5:22 Look, one of the synagogue leaders named Jairus comes, and when he sees Jesus, he falls at his feet.
Mark 5:23 He begged him earnestly, "My young daughter is very sick and close to death. Please come and touch her so she can get better and live."
Mark 5:24 Jesus went with the man, and many people followed and crowded around him.
Mark 5:25 A certain woman had been bleeding for twelve years.
Mark 5:26 She had endured a lot from many doctors, spent all her money, and was not getting better but instead became worse.
Mark 5:27 When she heard about Jesus, she came up behind him in the crowd and touched his clothes.
Mark 5:28 She thought, "If I can just touch his clothes, I will be healed."
Mark 5:29 Right away her bleeding stopped, and she felt in her body that she was cured of her illness.
Mark 5:30 Jesus immediately felt power had left him, turned around in the crowd, and asked, "Who touched my clothes?"
Mark 5:31 His followers asked him, "You see the crowd pressing around you, and yet you ask, 'Who touched me?'"
Mark 5:32 He looked around to see the woman who had done this.
Mark 5:33 The woman, scared and shaking and knowing what had happened to her, came, knelt down before him, and told him the whole truth.
Mark 5:34 He told her, "Daughter, your faith has healed you; go in peace, and be free from your sickness."
Mark 5:35 While he was still talking, someone from the synagogue leader's house came and said, "Your daughter is dead; why bother the Teacher anymore?"
Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the news, he told the synagogue leader, "Don't be scared, just have faith."
Mark 5:37 He allowed only Peter, James, and John, James's brother, to follow him.
Mark 5:38 He came to the leader's house of the place of worship and saw the commotion, and people crying and wailing a lot.
Mark 5:39 When he came in, he asked them, "Why are you making so much noise and crying? The girl is not dead, but sleeping."
Mark 5:40 They laughed at him. But after sending everyone out, he took the girl's parents and his companions, and went to where the girl was lying.
Mark 5:41 He took the girl's hand and said to her, "Talitha cumi," which means, "Girl, I tell you, get up."
Mark 5:42 Right away the girl got up and walked because she was twelve years old. Everyone was amazed with a huge amazement.
Mark 5:43 He strictly told them to keep it secret and ordered that they give her something to eat.

Mark 6:1 He left that place, went to his hometown, and his disciples followed him.
Mark 6:2 When the Sabbath came, he started to teach in the synagogue. Many who heard him were amazed and asked, "Where did this man get these things?" and "What kind of wisdom has been given to him that he can do such great deeds?"
Mark 6:3 Isn't this the carpenter, Mary's son, and the brother of James, Joses, Juda, and Simon? Aren't his sisters here with us? They were upset by him.
Mark 6:4 Jesus told them, "A prophet is respected everywhere except in his hometown, among his relatives, and in his own home."
Mark 6:5 He could not do any great deeds there, except he touched a few sick people with his hands and healed them.
Mark 6:6 He was amazed at their lack of faith. He traveled through the towns, teaching.
Mark 6:7 He called the twelve to him and started to send them out two by two; and he gave them authority over evil spirits.
Mark 6:8 He told them to take nothing for their trip, except a walking stick; no bag, no food, no money in their wallet.
Mark 6:9 Wear sandals, but don't wear two coats.
Mark 6:10 He told them, "Whenever you go into a house, stay there until you leave that place."
Mark 6:11 If anyone does not welcome you or listen to you, when you leave there, shake off the dust under your feet as a warning to them. Truly, I tell you, it will be easier for Sodom and Gomorrah on judgment day than for that town.
Mark 6:12 They left and told people to change their ways.
Mark 6:13 They forced out many demons, put oil on many sick people, and healed them.
Mark 6:14 King Herod heard about Jesus because his name was well known. Herod thought that John the Baptist had come back to life, which is why such great miracles were happening through Jesus.
Mark 6:15 Some people said, "It is Elijah." And others said, "It is a prophet, or one of the prophets."
Mark 6:16 When Herod heard about it, he said, "It's John, whom I cut off his head; he has come back to life."
Mark 6:17 Herod had John arrested and put in prison because of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife, since Herod had married her.
Mark 6:18 John told Herod, "It's not right for you to be with your brother's wife."
Mark 6:19 Herodias was angry with him and wanted to kill him, but she couldn't.
Mark 6:20 Herod was afraid of John because he knew he was a good and holy man, so he protected him. When he listened to John, he often followed his advice and enjoyed listening to him.
Mark 6:21 When a good day came, Herod had a dinner on his birthday for his important guests, military leaders, and the top people of Galilee.
Mark 6:22 When Herodias's daughter came in and danced, making Herod and his guests happy, the king told the young woman, "Ask me for anything you want, and I'll give it to you."
Mark 6:23 He promised her, "Whatever you ask of me, I will give it to you, up to half of my kingdom."
Mark 6:24 She went and asked her mother, "What should I ask for?" Her mother replied, "Ask for the head of John the Baptist."
Mark 6:25 She quickly went to the king and asked, "I want you to give me John the Baptist's head on a platter right away."
Mark 6:26 The king was very sorry; but because of his promise and the guests with him, he would not say no to her.
Mark 6:27 The king quickly sent an executioner to cut off his head and bring it. He did this in the prison.
Mark 6:28 They brought his head on a platter, gave it to the girl, and she gave it to her mother.
Mark 6:29 When his followers found out, they came, picked up his body, and placed it in a tomb.
Mark 6:30 The apostles came to Jesus and told him everything they had done and taught.
Mark 6:31 He told them, "Go alone to a quiet place and rest for a bit, because there were so many people coming and going, they didn't even have time to eat."
Mark 6:32 They left for a quiet place by boat, alone.
Mark 6:33 The people saw them leaving, and many recognized him. They ran on foot from all the cities, got there ahead of them, and gathered around him.
Mark 6:34 When Jesus came out, he saw many people and felt sorry for them because they were like sheep without a shepherd, so he started to teach them many things.
Mark 6:35 When it was late in the day, his disciples came to him and said, "This place is empty, and it's already very late."
Mark 6:36 Tell them to leave so they can go to the nearby countryside and towns, and buy their own food, because they have nothing to eat.
Mark 6:37 He replied, "Give them something to eat." They asked him, "Should we go and spend two hundred coins on bread to feed them?"
Mark 6:38 He asks them, "How many bread loaves do you have? Go and check." After checking, they answer, "Five, and two fish."
Mark 6:39 He told them to have everyone sit in groups on the green grass.
Mark 6:40 They sat in groups, in hundreds and fifties.
Mark 6:41 He took the five loaves and two fish, looked up to heaven, gave thanks, broke the bread, and gave it to his disciples to give to the people. He also shared the two fish with everyone.
Mark 6:42 Everyone ate and was satisfied.
Mark 6:43 They picked up twelve baskets full of the broken pieces and the fish.
Mark 6:44 About five thousand men ate the bread.
Mark 6:45 Right away, he made his followers get into the boat and go ahead to the other side toward Bethsaida, while he sent the crowd away.
Mark 6:46 After he sent them off, he went up a mountain to pray.
Mark 6:47 When evening came, the boat was in the middle of the sea, and he was alone on the land.
Mark 6:48 He saw them struggling to row because the wind was against them. Near the fourth watch of the night, he came to them, walking on the sea, and was about to pass by them.
Mark 6:49 When they saw him walking on the sea, they thought he was a ghost and shouted.
Mark 6:50 They all saw him and were scared. But he quickly spoke to them and said, "Be happy: it's me; don't be afraid."
Mark 6:51 He got into the boat with them, and the wind stopped; they were extremely surprised and amazed.
Mark 6:52 They did not understand the miracle of the bread because their hearts were hard.
Mark 6:53 After they crossed over, they arrived in the land of Gennesaret and approached the shore.
Mark 6:54 As soon as they got off the boat, they recognized him immediately.
Mark 6:55 They ran throughout all the area and started to bring the sick on their beds to wherever they heard he was.
Mark 6:56 Wherever he went—into towns, cities, or the countryside—they placed the ill people in the streets and asked him to let them touch just the edge of his clothes, and everyone who touched him was healed.

Mark 7:1 The Pharisees and some teachers of the Law who were from Jerusalem gathered around him.
Mark 7:2 When they saw some of his followers eating bread with dirty hands, they criticized them.
Mark 7:3 The Pharisees and all the Jews do not eat unless they often wash their hands, following the elders' tradition.
Mark 7:4 When they return from the market, they do not eat unless they wash. They also follow many other rules, like washing cups, pots, metal bowls, and tables.
Mark 7:5 The Pharisees and teachers of the law asked Jesus, "Why don't your disciples follow the elders' traditions, but eat bread with dirty hands?"
Mark 7:6 He replied, "Isaiah was right when he prophesied about you fakes, as it is written, 'These people show me respect with their words, but their hearts are not with me.'"
Mark 7:7 They worship me for nothing, teaching human rules as if they were God's teachings.
Mark 7:8 You ignore God's command to follow human traditions, like washing pots and cups, and you do many other similar things.
Mark 7:9 He told them, "You completely ignore God's command to follow your own tradition."
Mark 7:10 Moses said, Respect your father and mother; and anyone who speaks badly of their father or mother must be put to death.
Mark 7:11 But you say, if someone tells their father or mother, 'It is Corban'—which means 'a gift'—so you cannot benefit from me; then they don’t have to help.
Mark 7:12 And you don't let him do anything for his father or mother anymore.
Mark 7:13 You make God's word useless with your tradition that you've passed down, and you do many things like that.
Mark 7:14 When he gathered everyone around, he told them, "Listen to me, all of you, and understand:"
Mark 7:15 Nothing outside a person can make them unclean by going into them. Rather, it is what comes out of a person that makes them unclean.
Mark 7:16 If anyone can hear, let them listen.
Mark 7:17 After he went into the house away from the crowd, his followers asked him about the story.
Mark 7:18 He asked them, "Do you also not understand? Don't you realize that nothing entering a person from outside can make them unclean?"
Mark 7:19 It doesn't go into his heart but into his stomach and then out of the body, cleaning out all foods.
Mark 7:20 He said, What comes out of a person is what makes them unclean.
Mark 7:21 From inside, from people's hearts, come bad thoughts, cheating in marriage, sexual sins, and killings.
Mark 7:22 Stealing, wanting what others have, bad behavior, lying, inappropriate desires, looking to harm others, speaking against God, thinking too highly of oneself, acting without sense.
Mark 7:23 All these bad things start inside a person and make them unclean.
Mark 7:24 He got up from there, went to the area near Tyre and Sidon, went into a house, and did not want anyone to know it, but he could not stay hidden.
Mark 7:25 A woman whose daughter had an evil spirit heard about him, went to him, and knelt down.
Mark 7:26 The woman was Greek, from Syria-Phoenicia. She begged Jesus to drive the demon out of her daughter.
Mark 7:27 Jesus said to her, "Let the children eat first; it's not right to take the children's food and give it to the dogs."
Mark 7:28 She replied, "Yes, God, even the dogs under the table eat the children's crumbs."
Mark 7:29 He told her, "Because of your words, go; the evil spirit has left your daughter."
Mark 7:30 When she got home, she saw that the demon had left, and her daughter was lying on the bed.
Mark 7:31 Leaving the region of Tyre and Sidon, he went to the Sea of Galilee, passing through the area of Decapolis.
Mark 7:32 They brought to him a person who was deaf and had trouble speaking, and they asked him to touch him.
Mark 7:33 He took the man away from the crowd, put his fingers in the man's ears, spit, and touched the man's tongue.
Mark 7:34 Looking up to heaven, he sighed and said to him, "Ephphatha," which means, "Be opened."
Mark 7:35 Right away his ears could hear, his tongue was freed, and he spoke clearly.
Mark 7:36 He told them not to tell anyone, but the more he insisted, the more they spread the news.
Mark 7:37 They were extremely amazed and said, "He does everything well: he makes the deaf hear and the mute speak."

Mark 8:1 During that time, there was a large crowd with nothing to eat, so Jesus called his followers to him and said to them,
Mark 8:2 I feel sorry for all these people because they have been with me for three days and have nothing to eat.
Mark 8:3 If I send them home hungry, they might collapse on the way, because some of them have come from a long distance.
Mark 8:4 And his followers asked him, "Where can anyone get enough bread to feed these people in this remote place?"
Mark 8:5 He asked them, "How many loaves do you have?" And they said, "Seven."
Mark 8:6 He told the people to sit on the ground. He took the seven loaves, thanked God, broke them, and gave them to his disciples to give to the people; and the disciples gave the bread to the people.
Mark 8:7 They had a few little fish; he gave thanks for them and told them to put these before the people too.
Mark 8:8 So they ate, were satisfied, and gathered seven baskets of leftover pieces.
Mark 8:9 About four thousand people had eaten, and he sent them away.
Mark 8:10 Right away he got into a boat with his followers and went to the area of Dalmanutha.
Mark 8:11 The Pharisees came out and started to question him, wanting a sign from heaven to test him.
Mark 8:12 He sighed deeply and said, "Why does this generation look for a sign? Truly, I tell you, no sign will be given to this generation."
Mark 8:13 He left them, got back into the boat, and went to the opposite shore.
Mark 8:14 The followers had forgotten to bring bread and had only one loaf with them on the boat.
Mark 8:15 He warned them, "Be careful and watch out for the Pharisees' yeast and Herod's yeast."
Mark 8:16 They talked to each other, saying, "It's because we don't have bread."
Mark 8:17 When Jesus realized this, he asked them, "Why are you worried about not having bread? Don't you see or understand? Is your heart still hard?"
Mark 8:18 You have eyes but don't see, and ears but don't hear? Don't you remember?
Mark 8:19 When I divided the five loaves for five thousand people, how many baskets of leftover pieces did you gather? They answered him, "Twelve."
Mark 8:20 When you fed the four thousand, how many full baskets of leftovers did you gather? They said, "Seven."
Mark 8:21 He asked them, "Why don't you understand?"
Mark 8:22 He came to Bethsaida; people brought a blind man to him and asked him to touch the man.
Mark 8:23 He took the blind man's hand, guided him out of the town, spat on his eyes, put his hands on him, and asked if he could see anything.
Mark 8:24 He looked up and said, "I see people like walking trees."
Mark 8:25 Then he put his hands on the man's eyes again, and told him to look up. The man's sight returned, and he could see everyone clearly.
Mark 8:26 He sent him home with the instruction, "Don't go into the town or tell anyone there."
Mark 8:27 Jesus and his followers went to the towns of Caesarea Philippi. On the way, he asked them, "Who do people say I am?"
Mark 8:28 They replied, "John the Baptist; but some say Elijah; and others, one of the prophets."
Mark 8:29 He asks them, "But who do you say I am?" And Peter answers, "You are the Christ."
Mark 8:30 He told them not to tell anyone about him.
Mark 8:31 He started to teach them that the Son of Man had to go through a lot of suffering, be turned away by the elders, the main priests, and the writers, be killed, and then come back to life after three days.
Mark 8:32 He spoke those words clearly. Peter took him aside and started to correct him.
Mark 8:33 When he turned around and saw his followers, he scolded Peter, saying, "Get away from me, Satan; you do not care about what God wants, but what people want."
Mark 8:34 When he gathered the crowd and his students, he told them, "If anyone wants to follow me, they must forget about their own desires, carry their own cross, and come with me."
Mark 8:35 Anyone who wants to save their life will lose it, but anyone who loses their life for me and the good news will save it.
Mark 8:36 What good is it for someone to have everything in the world but lose their own life?
Mark 8:37 What can a person offer to buy back their life?
Mark 8:38 Anyone who is ashamed of me and my words in this unfaithful and sinful time, I, the Son of Man, will also be ashamed of when I come with the glory of my Father and the holy angels.

Mark 9:1 He told them, "Truly, I tell you, some standing here won't die before they see God's kingdom come with power."
Mark 9:2 Six days later, Jesus took Peter, James, and John up a tall mountain alone. There, he changed in appearance before them.
Mark 9:3 His clothes became very bright and white, whiter than anyone in the world could make them.
Mark 9:4 Elias and Moses appeared to them and were talking with Jesus.
Mark 9:5 Peter replied to Jesus, "Teacher, it's good that we are here. Let's make three shelters: one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah."
Mark 9:6 He did not know what to say because they were very afraid.
Mark 9:7 A cloud covered them, and a voice from the cloud said, "This is my dear Son: listen to him."
Mark 9:8 Suddenly, when they looked around, they saw no one else except Jesus with them.
Mark 9:9 As they came down from the mountain, he told them not to tell anyone what they had seen until the Son of Man had risen from the dead.
Mark 9:10 They kept those words to themselves, wondering what "rising from the dead" meant.
Mark 9:11 They asked him, "Why do the teachers say that Elijah must come first?"
Mark 9:12 He replied, "Elijah truly comes first to restore everything; but it is written that the Son of Man must endure many hardships and be ignored."
Mark 9:13 I tell you, Elijah has already come, and they did to him whatever they wanted, just as it is written about him.
Mark 9:14 When he came to his disciples, he saw a large crowd around them and the scribes asking them questions.
Mark 9:15 Right away, when the people saw him, they were very surprised and ran up to greet him.
Mark 9:16 He asked the teachers, "What are you discussing with them?"
Mark 9:17 Someone in the crowd answered, "Teacher, I brought you my son who has a mute spirit."
Mark 9:18 Wherever it takes him, it throws him into fits. He foams at the mouth, grinds his teeth, and becomes weak. I asked your followers to drive it out, but they couldn't.
Mark 9:19 He replied, "You untrusting people, how much longer must I stay with you? How much longer must I put up with you? Bring the boy to me."
Mark 9:20 They brought the boy to Jesus, and as soon as the evil spirit saw Jesus, it threw the boy into a fit. He fell to the ground, rolling around and foaming at the mouth.
Mark 9:21 He asked his father, "How long has he had this?" His father replied, "Since he was a child."
Mark 9:22 Many times it has thrown him into the fire and water to kill him. But if you can do anything, have pity on us and help.
Mark 9:23 Jesus told him, "If you can believe, everything is possible for the one who believes."
Mark 9:24 Right away, the child's father cried out with tears, "God, I believe; help me with my doubt."
Mark 9:25 When Jesus saw the crowd running to join them, he told off the evil spirit, saying, "You silent and hearingless spirit, I command you, come out of him and never go back into him again."
Mark 9:26 The spirit screamed, hurt him badly, and left him. He looked like he was dead, so many people said, "He is dead."
Mark 9:27 Jesus took his hand, helped him up, and he stood.
Mark 9:28 When he entered the house, his followers asked him in private, "Why couldn't we drive it out?"
Mark 9:29 He told them, "This kind can only go out through prayer and fasting."
Mark 9:30 They left that place, traveled through Galilee, and he didn't want anyone to know about it.
Mark 9:31 He taught his followers, telling them, "The Son of Man will be handed over to people, and they will kill him; but after he is dead, he will rise on the third day."
Mark 9:32 But they did not understand what he meant, and were scared to ask him.
Mark 9:33 He came to Capernaum, and in the house, he asked them, "What were you arguing about on the road?"
Mark 9:34 But they kept quiet because on the way they had argued about who should be the most important.
Mark 9:35 He sat down, called the twelve, and said to them, "If anyone wants to be first, they must be last of all and serve everyone."
Mark 9:36 He picked up a child and placed him among them. Holding him in his arms, he said to them,
Mark 9:37 Anyone who welcomes a child like this because of me is also welcoming me. And anyone who welcomes me is not just welcoming me but also the one who sent me.
Mark 9:38 John replied, "Teacher, we saw someone driving out demons using your name, and he doesn't join us. So we stopped him because he doesn't join us."
Mark 9:39 Jesus said, Do not stop him, because if someone does a miracle in my name, he will not easily say bad things about me.
Mark 9:40 Anyone who is not against us is with us.
Mark 9:41 Anyone who gives you a drink of water because you follow Christ will truly not miss out on their reward.
Mark 9:42 Whoever hurts one of these little ones who believe in me, it would be better for them to have a heavy stone tied around their neck and to be thrown into the sea.
Mark 9:43 If your hand causes you to sin, cut it off. It's better to live with one hand than to have two hands and go to hell, where the fire never goes out.
Mark 9:44 Their worms never die, and the fire never goes out.
Mark 9:45 If your foot causes you to sin, cut it off: it is better for you to enter life with a limp than to have two feet and be thrown into hell, where the fire never goes out.
Mark 9:46 Their worms never die, and the fire never goes out.
Mark 9:47 If your eye causes you to sin, take it out. It is better to go into God's kingdom with one eye than to have two eyes and be thrown into hell fire.
Mark 9:48 Where their worm does not die, and the fire is not put out.
Mark 9:49 Everyone will be purified with fire, and every offering will be seasoned with salt.
Mark 9:50 Salt is good, but if the salt becomes tasteless, how can you make it salty again? Keep salt within you and live peacefully with each other.

Mark 10:1 He got up from there and went to the region of Judea across the Jordan. People came to him again, and as usual, he taught them.
Mark 10:2 The Pharisees went to him and asked, "Is it okay for a man to divorce his wife?" to test him.
Mark 10:3 He replied and asked them, "What did Moses tell you to do?"
Mark 10:4 They said, Moses allowed to write a divorce paper, and to send her away.
Mark 10:5 Jesus answered them, "Because your hearts were hard, he gave you this rule."
Mark 10:6 Since the start of creation, God made them as man and woman.
Mark 10:7 A man will leave his father and mother and be united with his wife.
Mark 10:8 The two will become one body, so they are not two anymore, but one body.
Mark 10:9 So what God has united, let no one separate.
Mark 10:10 In the house, his disciples questioned him once more about that topic.
Mark 10:11 He tells them, "Anyone who divorces his wife and marries another woman is unfaithful to her."
Mark 10:12 If a woman divorces her husband and marries another man, she cheats on him.
Mark 10:13 People brought little children to Jesus so he could touch them. But his followers scolded those who brought the children.
Mark 10:14 But when Jesus saw this, he was very upset and said to them, "Let the children come to me, do not stop them: for the kingdom of God belongs to such as these."
Mark 10:15 Truly I tell you, anyone who doesn't accept the kingdom of God like a small child will not get in.
Mark 10:16 He picked them up, touched them with his hands, and gave them his blessing.
Mark 10:17 As he started on his way, someone ran up, knelt before him, and asked, "Good Teacher, what must I do to get eternal life?"
Mark 10:18 Jesus asked him, "Why do you call me good? No one is good except God alone."
Mark 10:19 You know the commands: Do not cheat on your partner, do not kill, do not steal, do not lie, do not cheat others, respect your father and mother.
Mark 10:20 He replied, "Teacher, I have followed all these since I was young."
Mark 10:21 Jesus looked at him with love and said, "You're missing one thing: go, sell everything you own, and give the money to the poor. Then you will have riches in heaven. Come, carry the cross, and follow me."
Mark 10:22 He felt sad when he heard this and left feeling upset because he owned a lot.
Mark 10:23 Jesus looked around and said to his followers, "How difficult it is for those with wealth to enter God's kingdom!"
Mark 10:24 The followers were amazed at his words. But Jesus spoke again, and said to them, "Children, how difficult it is for those who rely on their wealth to get into God's kingdom!"
Mark 10:25 It's simpler for a camel to pass through a needle's eye than for a rich person to enter God's kingdom.
Mark 10:26 They were extremely surprised and asked each other, "Then who can be saved?"
Mark 10:27 Jesus looked at them and said, "For people it's impossible, but not for God; with God all things are possible."
Mark 10:28 Then Peter started to say to him, "Look, we have left everything and followed you."
Mark 10:29 Jesus replied, "I tell you the truth, no one who has left home, brothers, sisters, father, mother, wife, children, or fields for me and the good news.
Mark 10:30 He will get a hundred times more now in this time: homes, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and fields, along with troubles; and in the future world, eternal life.
Mark 10:31 Many who are first will be last, and the last will be first.
Mark 10:32 They were traveling to Jerusalem. Jesus was leading them. They were amazed and scared as they followed him. He gathered the twelve disciples and started to explain what would happen to him.
Mark 10:33 Look, we are going to Jerusalem; and the Son of man will be handed over to the chief priests and the teachers of the law; they will find him guilty of death and will hand him over to the foreigners.
Mark 10:34 They will make fun of him, whip him, spit on him, and kill him. But on the third day, he will come back to life.
Mark 10:35 James and John, Zebedee's sons, came to Jesus and said, "Teacher, we want you to do whatever we ask."
Mark 10:36 He asked them, "What do you want me to do for you?"
Mark 10:37 They asked him, "Let us sit with you in your glory, one on your right side and the other on your left side."
Mark 10:38 But Jesus told them, You don't understand what you're asking. Can you drink the cup I drink? And be baptized with the baptism I am baptized with?
Mark 10:39 They said to him, "We can." And Jesus told them, "You will truly drink the cup I drink from; and you will be baptized with the baptism I am baptized with."
Mark 10:40 But to sit at my right or left side isn't for me to give; it will be given to those it's ready for.
Mark 10:41 When the ten other disciples heard this, they became very upset with James and John.
Mark 10:42 Jesus called them over and said, "You know that the ones who are considered rulers over the people have power over them, and the important people have authority over them."
Mark 10:43 However, among you it should be different: whoever wants to be important must serve you.
Mark 10:44 Anyone who wants to be the most important among you must serve everyone.
Mark 10:45 Even the Son of man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life to save many people.
Mark 10:46 They arrived at Jericho. As he was leaving Jericho with his followers and many people, a blind man named Bartimaeus, Timaeus's son, was sitting by the road asking for money.
Mark 10:47 When he heard it was Jesus from Nazareth, he started shouting, "Jesus, son of David, please have mercy on me."
Mark 10:48 Many people told him to be quiet, but he shouted even louder, "Son of David, have mercy on me."
Mark 10:49 Jesus stopped and told them to call the man. They called the blind man, saying, "Cheer up, get up; he is calling you."
Mark 10:50 He threw off his coat, got up, and went to Jesus.
Mark 10:51 Jesus answered, "What do you want me to do for you?" The blind man said, "I want to see again."
Mark 10:52 Jesus said to him, "Go; your faith has healed you." Right away, he could see, and he followed Jesus on the path.

Mark 11:1 When they got close to Jerusalem, near Bethphage and Bethany, by the Mount of Olives, he sent two of his followers.
Mark 11:2 He says to them, "Go into the village ahead of you, and as soon as you enter, you will see a young donkey tied up that no one has ridden. Untie it and bring it here."
Mark 11:3 If anyone asks you why you are doing this, tell them God needs it, and he will send it right away.
Mark 11:4 They went, found the young donkey tied up outside by a door at a crossroads, and untied it.
Mark 11:5 Some people standing there asked them, "What are you doing, untying the colt?"
Mark 11:6 They told them just as Jesus had instructed, and they let them go.
Mark 11:7 They brought the young donkey to Jesus, put their clothes on it, and he sat on it.
Mark 11:8 Many people spread their clothes on the road, while others cut branches from the trees and scattered them on the road.
Mark 11:9 Those who were ahead and those who followed shouted, "Hosanna; blessed is the one who comes in God's name."
Mark 11:10 Let us praise the kingdom of our father David, that comes in God's name: Hosanna in the highest.
Mark 11:11 Jesus went into Jerusalem and the temple. After looking at everything and evening came, he left for Bethany with his twelve disciples.
Mark 11:12 The next day, after they left Bethany, he felt hungry.
Mark 11:13 Seeing a fig tree with leaves from a distance, he went to see if he could find any fruit on it. But when he got there, he found only leaves, because it was not the season for figs.
Mark 11:14 Jesus replied, "From now on, no one will eat your fruit again." His disciples heard this.
Mark 11:15 They came to Jerusalem: Jesus entered the temple and started to drive out those who were buying and selling there. He flipped over the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves.
Mark 11:16 He did not allow anyone to carry items through the temple.
Mark 11:17 He taught them, "Isn't it written, my house will be known as a place of prayer for all nations? But you have turned it into a hideout for thieves."
Mark 11:18 The teachers of the law and the leading priests heard what Jesus said and looked for a way to kill him. They were afraid of him because everyone was amazed at his teaching.
Mark 11:19 When evening came, he left the city.
Mark 11:20 In the morning, when they walked by, they saw that the fig tree had withered from the roots.
Mark 11:21 Peter remembered and said to him, "Teacher, look, the fig tree you cursed has withered."
Mark 11:22 Jesus replied, "Trust in God."
Mark 11:23 I tell you the truth, anyone who tells this mountain to move and fall into the sea, and does not doubt but believes what they say will happen, it will be done for them.
Mark 11:24 So I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe you have received it, and it will be yours.
Mark 11:25 When you stand and pray, forgive anyone you have something against, so that God in heaven may forgive your wrongs.
Mark 11:26 If you don't forgive others, God in heaven won't forgive your wrongs.
Mark 11:27 They return to Jerusalem: and while he is walking in the temple, the chief priests, the teachers of the law, and the elders come to him.
Mark 11:28 Tell him, "What authority allows you to do these actions? And who gave you this authority?"
Mark 11:29 Jesus replied, "I have one question for you. Answer me, and I'll tell you by what authority I do these things."
Mark 11:30 Was John's baptism from God or from people? Tell me.
Mark 11:31 They thought to themselves, saying, "If we say, 'From heaven,' He will ask, 'Then why didn't you believe him?'"
Mark 11:32 But if we say, "From people," they are afraid of the crowd, because everyone believed John was truly a prophet.
Mark 11:33 They replied to Jesus, "We don't know." And Jesus said to them, "Then I won't tell you with what authority I do these things."

Mark 12:1 He started to tell them stories. A man planted a vineyard, put a fence around it, made a pit for the grape juice, built a watchtower, rented it to farmers, and then he went away to another place.
Mark 12:2 During the right time, he sent a worker to the farmers to collect some of the vineyard's fruit from them.
Mark 12:3 They grabbed him, hit him, and sent him away with nothing.
Mark 12:4 He sent them another servant, but they threw stones at him, hurt his head, and sent him away badly treated.
Mark 12:5 He sent another, whom they killed, and many more, beating some and killing others.
Mark 12:6 Still having one beloved son, he sent him to them last, thinking, They will respect my son.
Mark 12:7 But the farmers said to each other, "This is the heir; come, let's kill him, and the inheritance will be ours."
Mark 12:8 They seized him, killed him, and threw him out of the vineyard.
Mark 12:9 What will the owner of the vineyard do then? He will come and destroy the farmers, and will give the vineyard to others.
Mark 12:10 Have you not read this part of the Scripture: The stone the builders did not want is now the most important stone.
Mark 12:11 This was what God did, and it is amazing to us.
Mark 12:12 They tried to arrest him but were afraid of the crowd because they knew the story was about them, so they left him and went away.
Mark 12:13 Some Pharisees and Herodians were sent to trap him by what he said.
Mark 12:14 When they arrived, they said to him, "Teacher, we know you are honest and don't favor anyone, because you don't judge by appearances but teach God's way truthfully: Is it right to pay taxes to Caesar or not?"
Mark 12:15 Should we pay, or shouldn't we? But knowing they were fake, he said to them, "Why are you testing me? Show me a coin so I can look at it."
Mark 12:16 They brought it to him. He asked them, "Whose picture and title is this?" They answered, "Caesar's."
Mark 12:17 Jesus replied, "Give to the leader what belongs to the leader, and to God what belongs to God." They were amazed at him.
Mark 12:18 The Sadducees, who say there is no resurrection, came to him and asked him, saying,
Mark 12:19 Teacher, Moses told us that if a man dies and leaves a wife but no children, his brother should marry the widow and have children for his brother.
Mark 12:20 There were seven brothers. The first married but died without having children.
Mark 12:21 The second brother married her and then died, leaving no children; and the same happened with the third brother.
Mark 12:22 All seven men married her and had no children. Finally, the woman also died.
Mark 12:23 In the resurrection, when they come back to life, whose wife will she be among them? Because all seven were married to her.
Mark 12:24 Jesus answered them, "Aren't you mistaken because you don’t know the scriptures or God's power?"
Mark 12:25 When they rise from the dead, they don't marry or are married off; they are like the angels in heaven.
Mark 12:26 About the dead, that they come back to life: haven't you read in Moses' book, how in the bush God spoke to him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?
Mark 12:27 He is not the God of those who are dead, but the God of those who are alive; you are making a big mistake.
Mark 12:28 A teacher of the law came forward. After hearing them discuss, and noticing Jesus had given good answers, he asked, "What is the most important commandment?"
Mark 12:29 Jesus replied, "The most important commandment is, 'Listen, Israel: God is our only Lord.'"
Mark 12:30 You should love God with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind, and all your strength: this is the first commandment.
Mark 12:31 The second command is this: Love your neighbor as yourself. No other commandment is greater than these.
Mark 12:32 The teacher said to him, "Good, Teacher, you have spoken the truth: there is only one God, and no one else but Him."
Mark 12:33 To love God with all your heart, mind, soul, and strength, and to love others as you love yourself, is more important than any burnt offerings and sacrifices.
Mark 12:34 When Jesus saw he answered wisely, he said to him, "You are close to God's kingdom." After that, no one dared to ask him more questions.
Mark 12:35 Jesus replied while teaching in the temple, "Why do the teachers say that the Messiah is David's son?"
Mark 12:36 David himself, inspired by the Holy Spirit, said, "God told my lord, 'Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place to rest your feet.'"
Mark 12:37 David himself calls him Lord; so how is he his son? And the people liked listening to him.
Mark 12:38 He taught them, "Be careful of the teachers of the law who like to wear long robes and enjoy being greeted with respect in the marketplaces."
Mark 12:39 The best seats in the meeting places, and the places of honor at banquets:
Mark 12:40 They eat up widows' homes and pretend to be pious with long prayers; they will face stricter punishment.
Mark 12:41 Jesus sat opposite the money box and watched how people put money into it; many rich people gave a lot.
Mark 12:42 A poor widow came and put in two small coins, worth a little.
Mark 12:43 He called his followers and told them, "I truly tell you, this poor widow has given more than anyone else who has donated to the treasury."
Mark 12:44 Everyone else gave from their wealth, but she, in her poverty, gave everything she had to live on.

Mark 13:1 As he left the temple, one of his disciples said to him, "Teacher, look at the size of these stones and these buildings!"
Mark 13:2 Jesus answered him, "Do you see these large buildings? Not one stone will be left on top of another; every one will be thrown down."
Mark 13:3 As he was sitting on the Mount of Olives across from the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew spoke to him in private.
Mark 13:4 Tell us, when will these things happen? And what will be the sign that all these things are about to be completed?
Mark 13:5 Jesus replied to them, saying, "Be careful so that no one tricks you."
Mark 13:6 Many will come using my name, claiming they are Christ, and will trick many people.
Mark 13:7 When you hear about wars and talk of wars, don't be worried: these things must happen, but it's not the end yet.
Mark 13:8 One country will fight against another, and one kingdom against another. There will be earthquakes in various places, and there will be famines and troubles. These are the first signs of suffering.
Mark 13:9 Be careful: people will hand you over to local courts; you will be whipped in synagogues; and you will stand before leaders and rulers because of me, to prove them wrong.
Mark 13:10 The good news has to be shared with all countries first.
Mark 13:11 When they take you and turn you over, don't worry ahead of time about what to say. Just say what is given to you at that time, because it's not you speaking, but the Holy Spirit.
Mark 13:12 Now a brother will betray his brother to death, and a father his son; children will turn against their parents and have them killed.
Mark 13:13 Everyone will hate you because of me, but if you keep going until the end, you will be saved.
Mark 13:14 When you see the terrible thing that causes destruction, as the prophet Daniel talked about, in a place it should not be, (the reader should pay attention,) then those in Judea should run away to the hills.
Mark 13:15 If you are on the roof, do not go down into the house or enter to take anything out.
Mark 13:16 And let the person in the field not go back to get their coat.
Mark 13:17 But it will be hard for pregnant women and those nursing babies in those days!
Mark 13:18 Pray that you don't have to run away during winter.
Mark 13:19 In those days, there will be suffering unlike anything since God created the world, and there will never be anything like it again.
Mark 13:20 If God had not made those days shorter, no one would survive. But for the sake of the chosen ones, whom he has picked, he has made the days shorter.
Mark 13:21 If anyone tells you, "Look, here's Christ," or "There he is," don't believe it.
Mark 13:22 Fake saviors and false prophets will appear and perform miracles and wonders to trick people, if they could, even those chosen by God.
Mark 13:23 Be careful: I have already told you everything.
Mark 13:24 But in those days, after the suffering ends, the sun will become dark, and the moon will not shine.
Mark 13:25 The stars from the sky will fall, and the forces in the sky will be shaken.
Mark 13:26 People will see the Son of Man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.
Mark 13:27 Then he will send his angels to collect his chosen people from everywhere on earth to the farthest parts of heaven.
Mark 13:28 Learn from the story of the fig tree: When its branch gets soft and grows leaves, you know that summer is close.
Mark 13:29 In the same way, when you see these things happening, understand that it is close, right at the door.
Mark 13:30 I truly tell you, this generation will not disappear until all these things happen.
Mark 13:31 The sky and the earth will disappear, but my words will never go away.
Mark 13:32 No one knows the day or hour, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, only the Father.
Mark 13:33 Be careful, stay alert, and pray, because you do not know when the time will come.
Mark 13:34 The Son of Man is like someone who went on a long trip, left his home, gave his workers power, each one a job, and told the doorkeeper to stay alert.
Mark 13:35 Stay alert, because you don't know when the owner of the house will come back; it could be in the evening, at midnight, when the rooster crows, or in the morning.
Mark 13:36 Be careful that he doesn't come suddenly and find you asleep.
Mark 13:37 I tell you and everyone: Stay alert.

Mark 14:1 In two days it would be the Passover festival and the Feast of Unleavened Bread. The religious leaders and teachers of the law were trying to find a sneaky way to arrest and kill him.
Mark 14:2 But they said, "Not during the festival, or there may be a riot among the people."
Mark 14:3 While he was in Bethany at Simon the leper's house and eating, a woman came with a very valuable jar of spikenard perfume. She opened the jar and poured the perfume on his head.
Mark 14:4 Some people were upset and asked, "Why was this perfume wasted?"
Mark 14:5 It could have been sold for more than three hundred coins and the money given to the poor. They complained about her.
Mark 14:6 Jesus said, "Leave her alone; why are you bothering her? She has done a good thing for me."
Mark 14:7 You will always have poor people with you, and you can help them whenever you want, but you won't always have me.
Mark 14:8 She did what she could: she came early to put oil on my body for burial.
Mark 14:9 I tell you, wherever this good news is shared all over the world, what she has done will also be told to remember her.
Mark 14:10 Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went to the chief priests to betray Jesus to them.
Mark 14:11 When they heard this, they were happy and agreed to give him money. He then looked for a good chance to betray him.
Mark 14:12 On the first day of unleavened bread, when they sacrificed the Passover lamb, his followers asked him, "Where do you want us to go and get ready for you to eat the Passover meal?"
Mark 14:13 He sent two of his disciples and told them, "Go into the city, and you will meet a man carrying a water jug; follow him."
Mark 14:14 Wherever he enters, tell the owner of the house, 'The Teacher asks, where is the guest room where I can eat the Passover with my followers?'
Mark 14:15 He will show you a big upstairs room furnished and ready: there get things ready for us.
Mark 14:16 His followers left, went into the city, and found everything just as he had told them; and they prepared for the Passover.
Mark 14:17 In the evening, he arrives with the twelve.
Mark 14:18 While they were eating, Jesus said, "Truly, I tell you, one of you eating with me will betray me."
Mark 14:19 They started to feel sad and asked him one by one, "Is it me?" and another asked, "Is it me?"
Mark 14:20 He replied, "It's one of the twelve, who is sharing the bowl with me."
Mark 14:21 The Son of man will go as it is written about him, but how terrible for the man who betrays the Son of man! It would be better for him if he had never been born.
Mark 14:22 While they were eating, Jesus took bread, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to them, saying, "Take and eat; this is my body."
Mark 14:23 He took the cup, thanked God, gave it to them, and they all drank from it.
Mark 14:24 He told them, "This is my blood of the new agreement, poured out for many."
Mark 14:25 I tell you the truth, I will not drink from the grapevine again until the day I drink it fresh in God's kingdom.
Mark 14:26 After they sang a song, they went to the Mount of Olives.
Mark 14:27 Jesus said to them, "All of you will turn away from me tonight, because it is written: I will strike the shepherd, and the sheep will be scattered."
Mark 14:28 After I have risen, I will go ahead of you to Galilee.
Mark 14:29 But Peter told him, "Even if everyone else is upset, I will not be."
Mark 14:30 Jesus said to him, "Truly, I tell you, today, even tonight, before the rooster crows twice, you will deny me three times."
Mark 14:31 He spoke even more strongly, "Even if I have to die with you, I will never deny you." All the others said the same thing.
Mark 14:32 They reached a place called Gethsemane, and he told his disciples, "Stay here while I go to pray."
Mark 14:33 He took Peter, James, and John with him and started to feel deeply amazed and very sad.
Mark 14:34 He said to them, "My heart is very sad, to the point of death. Stay here and keep watch."
Mark 14:35 He went a little farther, fell to the ground, and prayed that, if it could happen, the difficult time might go away from him.
Mark 14:36 He said, "Daddy, Father, you can do anything; please take this suffering away from me. But let it be what you want, not what I want."
Mark 14:37 He came and found them asleep. He said to Peter, "Simon, are you sleeping? Couldn't you stay awake for one hour?"
Mark 14:38 Stay alert and pray, so you don't fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the body is weak.
Mark 14:39 He left again, prayed, and said the same things.
Mark 14:40 When he came back, he saw they were sleeping again because they were very tired, and they didn't know what to say to him.
Mark 14:41 He came back a third time and said to them, "Keep sleeping and resting. It's enough, the time has come; look, the Son of Man is being handed over to sinners."
Mark 14:42 Get up, let's go; look, the one who will betray me is close by.
Mark 14:43 Right away, as he was still speaking, Judas, one of the twelve, arrived with a large crowd carrying swords and clubs, sent by the chief priests, the teachers of the law, and the elders.
Mark 14:44 The one who betrayed him had given them a sign, saying, "The one I kiss is the man; arrest him and take him away without hurting him."
Mark 14:45 As soon as he arrived, he went right up to him, said, "Teacher, teacher," and kissed him.
Mark 14:46 They put their hands on him and arrested him.
Mark 14:47 Someone standing nearby pulled out a sword, hit the high priest's servant, and cut off his ear.
Mark 14:48 Jesus replied, "Did you come out with swords and clubs to capture me as if I were a thief?"
Mark 14:49 Every day I was with you in the temple teaching, but you did not arrest me. However, the scriptures needed to be fulfilled.
Mark 14:50 They all left him and ran away.
Mark 14:51 A young man, wearing only a linen cloth, was following Jesus; but when some men grabbed him,
Mark 14:52 He left the cloth behind and ran away naked.
Mark 14:53 They took Jesus to the high priest, and there all the top priests, elders, and teachers of the law came together.
Mark 14:54 Peter followed him from a distance, all the way to the high priest's palace. He sat with the servants and warmed himself by the fire.
Mark 14:55 The religious leaders and their council looked for evidence against Jesus to kill him; but they found none.
Mark 14:56 Many told lies about him, but their stories did not match.
Mark 14:57 Some people stood up and lied about him, saying,
Mark 14:58 We heard him say, "I will tear down this temple made by hands, and in three days I will make another one not made by hands."
Mark 14:59 Their testimonies did not match either.
Mark 14:60 The high priest stood up and asked Jesus, "Aren't you going to answer? What are these charges that these people are bringing against you?"
Mark 14:61 He stayed silent and did not reply. The high priest questioned him again, asking, "Are you the Messiah, the Son of God?"
Mark 14:62 Jesus said, "I am. You will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of power and coming in the clouds of heaven."
Mark 14:63 The high priest tore his clothes and said, "Do we need any more witnesses?"
Mark 14:64 You heard the disrespectful words: what do you think? They all found him guilty and deserving of death.
Mark 14:65 Some started to spit on him, cover his face, hit him, and told him to prophesy. The servants slapped him with their hands.
Mark 14:66 While Peter was downstairs in the courtyard, a servant girl of the high priest came.
Mark 14:67 When she saw Peter warming himself, she stared at him and said, "You were also with Jesus from Nazareth."
Mark 14:68 He denied it, saying, "I don't know or understand what you're talking about." Then he went out to the porch, and the rooster crowed.
Mark 14:69 A servant girl saw him, and started to tell those standing nearby, "This man is one of them."
Mark 14:70 He denied it again. Soon after, the people standing nearby said to Peter once more, "You must be one of them because you are from Galilee, and the way you talk shows it."
Mark 14:71 But he started to curse and swear, "I don't know this man you're talking about."
Mark 14:72 The rooster crowed a second time. Then Peter remembered Jesus's words to him, "Before the rooster crows twice, you will disown me three times." And he started to cry.

Mark 15:1 Early in the morning, the chief priests met with the elders and teachers of the law and the whole council. They tied up Jesus, took Him away, and handed Him over to Pilate.
Mark 15:2 Pilate asked him, "Are you the King of the Jews?" He replied, "You say that I am."
Mark 15:3 The religious leaders accused him of many things, but he did not reply.
Mark 15:4 Pilate asked him another time, "Aren't you going to answer? See how many accusations they are making against you."
Mark 15:5 But Jesus still did not answer anything, so Pilate was amazed.
Mark 15:6 At the festival, he set free for them any one prisoner they wanted.
Mark 15:7 There was a man named Barabbas, who was in prison with others who had started a rebellion, and he had killed someone in that rebellion.
Mark 15:8 The crowd loudly started to ask him to do what he always did for them.
Mark 15:9 Pilate answered them, "Do you want me to release the King of the Jews to you?"
Mark 15:10 He knew the chief priests had handed him over because they were jealous.
Mark 15:11 The leading priests convinced the crowd to ask for Barabbas to be released instead.
Mark 15:12 Pilate answered and asked them again, "What do you want me to do to the one you call the King of the Jews?"
Mark 15:13 They shouted again, "Crucify him."
Mark 15:14 Then Pilate asked them, "Why, what wrong has he done?" But they shouted even louder, "Crucify him."
Mark 15:15 So Pilate, wanting to please the crowd, let Barabbas go and handed Jesus over to be nailed to a cross after he had whipped him.
Mark 15:16 The soldiers took him inside the building named Praetorium and gathered all the troops there.
Mark 15:17 They dressed him in purple, made a thorn crown, and placed it on his head.
Mark 15:18 They started to greet him, saying, "Hello, King of the Jews!"
Mark 15:19 They hit him on the head with a stick, spat on him, and kneeling down, pretended to worship him.
Mark 15:20 After they made fun of him, they took off the purple robe, dressed him in his own clothes, and took him out to nail him to a cross.
Mark 15:21 They forced Simon from Cyrene, who was just passing by from the fields and was father to Alexander and Rufus, to carry his cross.
Mark 15:22 They took him to a place called Golgotha, which means Skull Place.
Mark 15:23 They offered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it.
Mark 15:24 After they nailed him to the cross, they divided his clothes by casting lots to decide what each one would get.
Mark 15:25 It was nine in the morning when they nailed him to the cross.
Mark 15:26 The sign of his charge was written above: THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Mark 15:27 They crucified two thieves with him, one on his right and the other on his left.
Mark 15:28 The scripture that says, "He was counted among the lawbreakers," came true.
Mark 15:29 People walking by insulted him, shaking their heads and saying, "Oh, you who would destroy the temple and rebuild it in three days,"
Mark 15:30 Save yourself and come down from the cross.
Mark 15:31 The leading priests also made fun of him, talking with the teachers of the law, saying, "He saved others, but he can't save himself."
Mark 15:32 Let the King of Israel, Christ, come down from the cross now, so we can see and believe. Those who were on the crosses next to him insulted him.
Mark 15:33 When it was noon, the whole country became dark until three in the afternoon.
Mark 15:34 At three in the afternoon, Jesus shouted loudly, "Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani?" which means, "My God, my God, why have you left me alone?"
Mark 15:35 Some people standing nearby heard this and said, "Look, he's calling for Elijah."
Mark 15:36 Someone ran and soaked a sponge with vinegar, put it on a stick, and offered it to him to drink, saying, "Wait; let's see if Elijah will come to save him."
Mark 15:37 Jesus shouted loudly and then died.
Mark 15:38 The curtain in the temple tore in two from top to bottom.
Mark 15:39 When the army officer standing in front of him saw that he shouted like this and then died, he said, "Truly, this man was God's Son."
Mark 15:40 Women were also watching from far away, including Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James the younger and Joses, and Salome.
Mark 15:41 She, while in Galilee, followed him and helped him; and many other women who went with him to Jerusalem did the same.
Mark 15:42 Now when evening came, since it was the time to get ready, which is the day before the Sabbath,
Mark 15:43 Joseph from Arimathaea, a respected leader who was also looking forward to God's kingdom, went bravely to Pilate and asked for Jesus' body.
Mark 15:44 Pilate was surprised that he was already dead. He called the centurion to ask if he had been dead for some time.
Mark 15:45 When he learned it from the officer, he gave the body to Joseph.
Mark 15:46 He bought good cloth, took him down, wrapped him in it, put him in a tomb cut from rock, and rolled a stone to the tomb's entrance.
Mark 15:47 Mary Magdalene and Mary, Joses's mother, saw where he was placed.

Mark 16:1 After the Sabbath ended, Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James, and Salome bought sweet spices to anoint him.
Mark 16:2 Early on the first day of the week, they went to the tomb at sunrise.
Mark 16:3 They asked each other, "Who will move the stone away from the tomb's entrance for us?"
Mark 16:4 When they looked, they saw the stone was moved aside because it was very big.
Mark 16:5 When they went into the tomb, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, wearing a long white robe, and they were scared.
Mark 16:6 He tells them, "Don't be scared. You are looking for Jesus of Nazareth, who was crucified. He has risen; he is not here. Look at the place where they put him."
Mark 16:7 Go and tell his followers and Peter that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him, just as he told you.
Mark 16:8 They quickly left the tomb, shaking and amazed. They didn't say anything to anyone because they were afraid.
Mark 16:9 When Jesus rose early on the first day of the week, he first appeared to Mary Magdalene, who he had freed from seven demons.
Mark 16:10 She went and told those who had been with him while they were sad and crying.
Mark 16:11 When they heard she had seen him alive, they did not believe it.
Mark 16:12 Later, he showed himself in a different way to two of them as they were walking into the countryside.
Mark 16:13 They went and told the others, but the others did not believe them.
Mark 16:14 Later, he showed up to the eleven disciples while they were eating and scolded them for their lack of faith and stubbornness, because they didn't believe those who had seen him after he came back to life.
Mark 16:15 He told them, "Go into the whole world and tell the good news to everyone."
Mark 16:16 Anyone who believes and is baptized will be saved; but anyone who does not believe will be condemned.
Mark 16:17 People who believe will have these signs: They will drive out demons in my name; they will speak in new languages.
Mark 16:18 They will pick up snakes; and if they drink something poisonous, it will not harm them; they will touch the sick, and they will get better.
Mark 16:19 After the Lord spoke to them, he went up to heaven and sat at the right side of God.
Mark 16:20 They went out and shared the message everywhere, with God helping them, and showed that it was true by the miracles that happened. Amen.

Luke 1:1 Many people have tried to write down the events that we fully believe.
Luke 1:2 Just as those who were there from the start and saw it with their own eyes gave it to us, and they were those who shared the message;
Luke 1:3 I also thought it was a good idea, since I have a full understanding of everything from the start, to write it down for you in an organized way, dear Theophilus.
Luke 1:4 I am making this translation so you can be sure about what you have been taught.
Luke 1:5 During King Herod's time in Judaea, there was a priest named Zacharias who belonged to Abia's priest group. His wife came from Aaron's family, and her name was Elisabeth.
Luke 1:6 They both lived good lives before God, following all God's commands and rules without fault.
Luke 1:7 They had no child because Elisabeth could not have babies, and they were both very old.
Luke 1:8 While he served as priest before God during his assigned time,
Luke 1:9 Following the priest's tradition, his duty was to burn incense when he entered God's temple.
Luke 1:10 The whole crowd of people was praying outside during the time for burning incense.
Luke 1:11 An angel of God appeared to him, standing to the right of the incense altar.
Luke 1:12 When Zacharias saw him, he was upset, and became very afraid.
Luke 1:13 But the angel said to him, "Don't be afraid, Zacharias: your prayer has been heard, and your wife Elisabeth will have a son for you, and you will name him John."
Luke 1:14 You will be happy and joyful; and many will be glad when he is born.
Luke 1:15 He will be great in God's eyes and will not drink wine or strong drinks; he will be filled with the Holy Spirit from his mother's womb.
Luke 1:16 He will turn many Israelites back to God.
Luke 1:17 He will go ahead with the spirit and power of Elijah to bring fathers closer to their children and to guide the disobedient towards what is right, making people ready for God.
Luke 1:18 Zacharias asked the angel, "How can I be sure of this? I am old and my wife is also very old."
Luke 1:19 The angel replied, "I am Gabriel, who stands in God's presence, and I have been sent to talk to you and to tell you this good news."
Luke 1:20 Look, you will not be able to talk until the day these things happen because you did not believe my words, which will come true at the right time.
Luke 1:21 The people waited for Zacharias and wondered why he stayed so long in the temple.
Luke 1:22 When he came out, he could not speak to them; they understood he had seen a vision in the temple because he gestured to them and stayed silent.
Luke 1:23 After finishing his time of service, he went back to his home.
Luke 1:24 After that time, Elisabeth, his wife, became pregnant and kept herself hidden for five months, saying,
Luke 1:25 God has done this for me; he noticed me and took away my shame in front of others.
Luke 1:26 In the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent by God to a city in Galilee called Nazareth.
Luke 1:27 A young woman promised in marriage to a man named Joseph, from David's family line; and the young woman's name was Mary.
Luke 1:28 The angel came to her and said, "Hello, you are greatly blessed, God is with you: you are honored more than other women."
Luke 1:29 When she saw him, she was upset by his words and wondered what kind of greeting this could be.
Luke 1:30 The angel told her, "Don't be afraid, Mary; you have found favor with God."
Luke 1:31 Look, you will become pregnant, have a baby boy, and name him JESUS.
Luke 1:32 He will be great and called the Son of the Most High. God will give him the throne of his ancestor David.
Luke 1:33 He will rule over Jacob's family forever; his kingdom will never end.
Luke 1:34 Mary asked the angel, "How can this happen since I've never been with a man?"
Luke 1:35 The angel said to her, "The Holy Spirit will come to you, and God's power will cover you. So the holy child born from you will be called the Son of God."
Luke 1:36 Look, your cousin Elisabeth is also having a baby boy in her old age; she's been pregnant for six months even though people said she couldn't have children.
Luke 1:37 With God, nothing is impossible.
Luke 1:38 Mary said, "Look, I'm God's servant; let it happen to me as you said." Then the angel left her.
Luke 1:39 Mary got up at that time and quickly went to a town in the hill country of Judah.
Luke 1:40 She went into Zacharias's house and greeted Elizabeth.
Luke 1:41 When Elisabeth heard Mary greet her, the baby jumped inside her, and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit.
Luke 1:42 She spoke loudly and said, "You are blessed among women, and the child you will have is blessed."
Luke 1:43 Why should I be honored with a visit from the mother of my Lord?
Luke 1:44 When I heard your greeting, the baby in my belly jumped for joy.
Luke 1:45 Happy is she who believed, because what God told her will happen.
Luke 1:46 Mary said, "My soul praises God greatly."
Luke 1:47 My spirit is happy in God my Savior.
Luke 1:48 God has noticed his servant's humble state; from now on, all generations will say I am blessed.
Luke 1:49 The Mighty One has done great things for me; and His name is holy.
Luke 1:50 God's kindness is for those who respect him, always and forever.
Luke 1:51 He has shown strength with his arm; he has spread out the proud in the thoughts of their hearts.
Luke 1:52 He has brought down the powerful from their thrones, and lifted up those who were humble.
Luke 1:53 He has given good things to the hungry; but the rich he has turned away with nothing.
Luke 1:54 He has helped his servant Israel, remembering his mercy.
Luke 1:55 He spoke to our ancestors, to Abraham, and to his descendants forever.
Luke 1:56 Mary stayed with her for about three months and then went back to her own home.
Luke 1:57 Elizabeth's time arrived to give birth, and she had a son.
Luke 1:58 Her neighbors and relatives heard how God had shown her great mercy, and they were happy for her.
Luke 1:59 On the eighth day, they came to circumcise the baby and they named him Zacharias, like his father.
Luke 1:60 His mother replied, "No, he will be named John."
Luke 1:61 They told her, "No one in your family has this name."
Luke 1:62 They gestured to his father to ask what name he wanted for the boy.
Luke 1:63 He asked for something to write on, and wrote, "His name is John." Everyone was amazed.
Luke 1:64 Right away, his mouth was opened, his tongue was set free, and he spoke and praised God.
Luke 1:65 Everyone living nearby was afraid, and people talked about these events all over the hill country of Judea.
Luke 1:66 Everyone who heard these things kept them in mind, thinking, "What kind of child will this be?" And God's hand was with him.
Luke 1:67 His father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Spirit and spoke God's message.
Luke 1:68 Praise God of Israel, for he has come to and saved his people.
Luke 1:69 And has given us a strong savior in the family of his servant David;
Luke 1:70 God spoke through his holy prophets long ago, from the beginning of the world.
Luke 1:71 We should be rescued from our enemies and from all who hate us.
Luke 1:72 To show the kindness promised to our ancestors and to remember his sacred agreement;
Luke 1:73 The promise God made to our father Abraham,
Luke 1:74 He would let us be free from our enemies so we can serve him without fear.
Luke 1:75 Living holy and right before God, every day of our life.
Luke 1:76 And you, child, will be called the prophet of God, because you will go before God to prepare his paths.
Luke 1:77 To teach his people how to be saved by forgiving their sins.
Luke 1:78 Because of our God's kind mercy, a new light from heaven has come to us.
Luke 1:79 To shine light on those in darkness and near death, to lead our steps toward peace.
Luke 1:80 The child grew up, became strong in spirit, and lived in the deserts until the time came to show himself to Israel.

Luke 2:1 At that time, Caesar Augustus ordered that everyone in the world should be counted and taxed.
Luke 2:2 This tax first happened when Cyrenius was the ruler of Syria.
Luke 2:3 Everyone went to register for taxes, each to their own city.
Luke 2:4 Joseph also left Galilee, from the town of Nazareth, to go to Judea, to the town called Bethlehem, the city of David, because he belonged to David's family line.
Luke 2:5 To register for taxes with Mary, his fiancée, who was pregnant.
Luke 2:6 While they were there, the time came for her to give birth.
Luke 2:7 She gave birth to her first son, wrapped him in baby clothes, and put him in a feeding trough because there was no space for them in the guesthouse.
Luke 2:8 In that area, shepherds were in the fields, staying with their sheep at night.
Luke 2:9 Suddenly, an angel of God appeared to them, and God's brightness shone all around them: and they were very scared.
Luke 2:10 The angel told them, "Don't be afraid; look, I have good news for you, a big joy that will be for everyone."
Luke 2:11 Today in David's city, a Savior is born for you, who is Christ the Lord.
Luke 2:12 This will be a sign for you; you will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a feeding trough.
Luke 2:13 Suddenly, many angels from heaven appeared with the angel, all praising God and saying,
Luke 2:14 Praise God in the highest, and on earth peace, kindness to people.
Luke 2:15 After the angels left and went to heaven, the shepherds said to each other, "Let's go to Bethlehem and see what has happened that God has told us about."
Luke 2:16 They hurried and found Mary, Joseph, and the baby lying in a feeding trough.
Luke 2:17 After they saw it, they shared the message that was told to them about this child.
Luke 2:18 Everyone who heard it was amazed at what the shepherds told them.
Luke 2:19 Mary remembered all these things and thought deeply about them in her heart.
Luke 2:20 The shepherds went back, praising and thanking God for everything they heard and saw, just as they had been told.
Luke 2:21 Eight days after the child was born, when it was time to circumcise him, he was named Jesus. This is the name the angel had given before he was born.
Luke 2:22 When her time of cleansing as required by Moses' law was completed, they took him to Jerusalem to present him to God.
Luke 2:23 The law of God says every first-born boy shall be considered sacred to God.
Luke 2:24 To give a sacrifice as the law of God says, two turtledoves or two young pigeons.
Luke 2:25 Look, there was a man in Jerusalem named Simeon. This man was fair and devoted, looking forward to Israel's comfort, and the Holy Spirit was with him.
Luke 2:26 God's Spirit told him he would not die before he saw God's promised Savior.
Luke 2:27 He was led by the Spirit to the temple. When Jesus' parents came to do as the law required,
Luke 2:28 He picked him up, blessed God, and said.
Luke 2:29 God, now you let your servant go in peace, as you promised.
Luke 2:30 My eyes have seen your salvation.
Luke 2:31 You have made ready before all people;
Luke 2:32 A light to make the non-Jews see, and the honor of your people Israel.
Luke 2:33 Joseph and his mother were amazed at what was said about him.
Luke 2:34 Simeon blessed them and told Mary his mother, "Look, this child is destined to cause many in Israel to fall and rise again; and to be a sign that will be opposed."
Luke 2:35 Yes, a sword will go through your own heart too, so that the secrets of many hearts will be shown.
Luke 2:36 Anna was a prophet, the daughter of Phanuel, from the Aser tribe. She was very old and had been married for seven years since she was young.
Luke 2:37 She was a widow of about 84 years old who never left the temple and served God with fasting and prayer day and night.
Luke 2:38 At that moment, she came in and thanked God too. She talked about him to everyone in Jerusalem waiting for salvation.
Luke 2:39 After they had done everything the law of God required, they went back to Galilee, to their home town of Nazareth.
Luke 2:40 The child grew up, became strong in spirit, was full of wisdom, and God's favor was with him.
Luke 2:41 His parents went to Jerusalem every year for the Passover feast.
Luke 2:42 When he was twelve, they went to Jerusalem for the festival as was their tradition.
Luke 2:43 After the days were complete and they were going back, Jesus stayed in Jerusalem without Joseph and his mother knowing.
Luke 2:44 But they thought he was with the group, so they traveled for a day. Then they looked for him among their relatives and friends.
Luke 2:45 When they didn't find him, they went back to Jerusalem to look for him.
Luke 2:46 Three days later, they found him in the temple. He was sitting with the teachers, listening to them and asking questions.
Luke 2:47 Everyone who heard him was amazed at his understanding and replies.
Luke 2:48 When they saw him, they were surprised. His mother asked him, "Son, why have you treated us this way? Look, your father and I have been searching for you with heavy hearts."
Luke 2:49 He asked them, "Why were you looking for me? Didn't you know that I need to do my Father's work?"
Luke 2:50 They did not understand what he said to them.
Luke 2:51 He went with them to Nazareth and obeyed them. His mother remembered all these things in her heart.
Luke 2:52 Jesus grew wiser and taller, and became liked by both God and people.

Luke 3:1 In the fifteenth year when Tiberius Caesar ruled, Pontius Pilate was the governor of Judaea, Herod ruled Galilee, his brother Philip ruled Ituraea and Trachonitis, and Lysanias ruled Abilene.
Luke 3:2 During the time Annas and Caiaphas were high priests, God spoke to John, Zacharias's son, in the desert.
Luke 3:3 He went through the whole region around the Jordan River, teaching about a baptism for repentance to forgive sins.
Luke 3:4 The book of the prophet Isaiah says, "A voice calls out in the desert, 'Get ready for God's way, make a straight path for him.'"
Luke 3:5 Every low place will be filled, and every mountain and hill will be made low; the winding roads will be made straight, and the rough paths will be made smooth.
Luke 3:6 Everyone will see how God saves.
Luke 3:7 He told the crowd coming to be baptized, "You brood of snakes, who warned you to escape the coming anger?"
Luke 3:8 Produce actions that show you have changed for the better, and don't think you can say, 'We have Abraham as our ancestor,' because I tell you, God can turn these stones into descendants for Abraham.
Luke 3:9 The axe is now at the root of the trees: every tree that does not produce good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
Luke 3:10 The people asked him, "What should we do?"
Luke 3:11 He answered and said to them, "If you have two coats, give one to the person who has none; and if you have food, do the same."
Luke 3:12 Tax collectors also came to be baptized and asked him, "Teacher, what should we do?"
Luke 3:13 He told them, "Don't take more than what you are told to."
Luke 3:14 The soldiers also asked him, "What should we do?" He told them, "Don't hurt anyone, don't lie about others, and be happy with your pay."
Luke 3:15 As the people waited and wondered to themselves if John might be the Christ,
Luke 3:16 John replied to everyone, "I baptize you in water, but someone more powerful than me is coming. I'm not good enough to untie his shoes. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire."
Luke 3:17 He holds a winnowing fan to clean his threshing area and he will bring the wheat into his barn, but he will burn the chaff with a fire that cannot be put out.
Luke 3:18 He preached many other things to encourage the people.
Luke 3:19 But Herod the ruler, being corrected by him for taking Herodias, his brother Philip's wife, and for all the bad things Herod had done,
Luke 3:20 He also did this: he put John in jail.
Luke 3:21 After everyone was baptized, when Jesus was also baptized and was praying, the sky opened up.
Luke 3:22 The Holy Spirit came down in the form of a dove on him, and a voice from heaven said, "You are my dear Son; I am happy with you."
Luke 3:23 Jesus started to be about thirty years old, and people thought he was Joseph's son, who was Heli's son.
Luke 3:24 He was the son of Matthat, who was Levi's son, who was Melchi's son, who was Janna's son, who was Joseph's son.
Luke 3:25 He was the son of Mattathias, the son of Amos, the son of Naum, the son of Esli, the son of Nagge.
Luke 3:26 He was the son of Maath, the son of Mattathias, the son of Semei, the son of Joseph, the son of Juda.
Luke 3:27 He was the son of Joanna, the son of Rhesa, the son of Zerubbabel, the son of Shealtiel, the son of Neri.
Luke 3:28 He was the son of Melchi, the son of Addi, the son of Cosam, the son of Elmodam, and the son of Er.
Luke 3:29 He was the son of Jose, who was the son of Eliezer, who was the son of Jorim, who was the son of Matthat, who was the son of Levi.
Luke 3:30 He was the son of Simeon, the son of Juda, the son of Joseph, the son of Jonan, the son of Eliakim.
Luke 3:31 He was the son of Melea, the son of Menan, the son of Mattatha, the son of Nathan, the son of David.
Luke 3:32 He was the son of Jesse, who was the son of Obed, who was the son of Boaz, who was the son of Salmon, who was the son of Nahshon.
Luke 3:33 He was the son of Aminadab, who was the son of Aram, who was the son of Esrom, who was the son of Phares, who was the son of Judah.
Luke 3:34 He was Jacob's son, who was Isaac's son, who was Abraham's son, who was Thara's son, who was Nachor's son.
Luke 3:35 He was the son of Saruch, who was the son of Ragau, who was the son of Phalec, who was the son of Heber, who was the son of Sala.
Luke 3:36 He was the son of Cainan, who was the son of Arphaxad, who was the son of Shem, who was the son of Noah, who was the son of Lamech.
Luke 3:37 He was the son of Methuselah, who was the son of Enoch, who was the son of Jared, who was the son of Mahalaleel, who was the son of Cainan.
Luke 3:38 He was Enos's son, Seth's grandson, Adam's great-grandson, and God's descendant.

Luke 4:1 Jesus, filled with the Holy Spirit, came back from the Jordan River and was guided by the Spirit into the desert.
Luke 4:2 He was tempted by the devil for forty days. During that time, he ate nothing. After it ended, he felt hungry.
Luke 4:3 The devil said to him, "If you are the Son of God, tell this stone to become bread."
Luke 4:4 Jesus replied, "It is said, people do not live only by eating bread, but by every word from God."
Luke 4:5 The devil took him to a high mountain and showed him all the world's kingdoms in an instant.
Luke 4:6 The devil told him, "I will give you all this power and its glory because it has been given to me, and I can give it to anyone I choose."
Luke 4:7 If you worship me, everything will be yours.
Luke 4:8 Jesus replied, "Go away from me, Satan, because it is said, 'You must worship only God and serve him alone.'"
Luke 4:9 He took him to Jerusalem, put him on the highest point of the temple, and said, "If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down from here."
Luke 4:10 It is written, God will command his angels to protect you.
Luke 4:11 They will carry you in their hands so that you won't hit your foot on a stone.
Luke 4:12 Jesus replied, "It is written, 'Do not test God.'"
Luke 4:13 After the devil finished all the tempting, he left him for a while.
Luke 4:14 Jesus came back to Galilee with the Spirit's power, and news about him spread through the whole area.
Luke 4:15 He taught in their gathering places, and everyone praised him.
Luke 4:16 He went to Nazareth, where he grew up, and on the Sabbath, as he usually did, he entered the synagogue and stood up to read.
Luke 4:17 He received the book of the prophet Isaiah. When he opened the book, he found the section that said,
Luke 4:18 God's Spirit is on me, because he has chosen me to tell good news to the poor; he has sent me to fix broken hearts, to say to the captives 'You are free,' and to help blind people see, to free those who have been hurt.
Luke 4:19 To announce God's year of favor.
Luke 4:20 He closed the book, gave it back to the assistant, and sat down. Everyone in the synagogue stared at him.
Luke 4:21 He started to tell them, "Today, this scripture has come true as you heard it."
Luke 4:22 Everyone listened to him and was amazed at the kind words he spoke. They asked, "Isn't this Joseph's son?"
Luke 4:23 He told them, "You will definitely tell me this saying, 'Doctor, cure yourself:' do here in your hometown what we heard you did in Capernaum."
Luke 4:24 He said, "Truly I tell you, no prophet is welcomed in his hometown."
Luke 4:25 But I tell you truly, there were many widows in Israel during Elijah's time, when the sky was closed for three and a half years and there was a severe famine everywhere in the country.
Luke 4:26 Elijah was not sent to any of them but to a widow in the city of Sarepta in Sidon.
Luke 4:27 Many people with leprosy lived in Israel when Elisha was a prophet; but only Naaman the Syrian was healed.
Luke 4:28 Everyone in the synagogue became very angry when they heard this.
Luke 4:29 They got up, pushed him out of the city, took him to the edge of the hill where their city was built, to throw him down.
Luke 4:30 He walked right through the crowd and went on his way.
Luke 4:31 He went down to Capernaum, a city in Galilee, and taught them on the Sabbath days.
Luke 4:32 They were amazed at his teaching, because his words had authority.
Luke 4:33 In the meeting place, there was a man with an evil spirit, and he shouted loudly.
Luke 4:34 Leave us alone; what do you want with us, Jesus of Nazareth? Have you come to destroy us? I know who you are; the Holy One of God.
Luke 4:35 Jesus scolded the demon, saying, "Be quiet and leave him." And after the demon threw the man down in front of everyone, it came out without injuring him.
Luke 4:36 Everyone was amazed and said to each other, "What kind of teaching is this? He gives orders to evil spirits with authority and power, and they leave."
Luke 4:37 News about him spread all over the surrounding region.
Luke 4:38 He got up from the synagogue and went into Simon’s house. Simon’s mother-in-law had a high fever, and they asked him to help her.
Luke 4:39 He stood by her, told the fever to go away, and it did. Right away she got up and took care of them.
Luke 4:40 When the sun was going down, everyone with sick friends brought them to Jesus; he touched each one and healed them.
Luke 4:41 Evil spirits came out of many people, shouting, "You are the Christ, the Son of God." But he scolded them and did not allow them to speak because they knew he was the Christ.
Luke 4:42 When day came, he left and went to a deserted place. The people looked for him, found him, and begged him not to leave them.
Luke 4:43 He told them, "I must tell other cities about God's kingdom, too: that's why I was sent."
Luke 4:44 He taught in the meeting places of Galilee.

Luke 5:1 As the crowd gathered to listen to God's message, he stood by the Lake of Gennesaret.
Luke 5:2 He saw two boats by the lake, but the fishermen had left them and were cleaning their nets.
Luke 5:3 He went onto Simon's boat and asked Simon to push off a little from shore. Then he sat down and taught the crowd from the boat.
Luke 5:4 After he finished talking, he told Simon, "Go out into the deep water and let down your nets to catch some fish."
Luke 5:5 Simon replied, "Teacher, we worked hard all night and caught nothing, but because you say so, I will let down the net."
Luke 5:6 After they did this, they caught a large number of fish; the net tore.
Luke 5:7 They signaled to their friends in the other boat to come and help them. They came and both boats were so full that they started to sink.
Luke 5:8 When Simon Peter saw this, he fell at Jesus' knees and said, "Go away from me, because I am a sinful man, God."
Luke 5:9 He was amazed, and so was everyone with him, at the large number of fish they caught.
Luke 5:10 James and John, Zebedee's sons, who worked with Simon, were there too. Jesus told Simon, "Don't be afraid; from now on you will catch people."
Luke 5:11 When they brought their boats to shore, they left everything and followed him.
Luke 5:12 When Jesus was in a city, a man with leprosy saw him, fell on his face, and begged, "Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean."
Luke 5:13 He reached out his hand, touched him, and said, "I'm willing; be clean." Right away, the leprosy left him.
Luke 5:14 He told him not to tell anyone, but to go show himself to the priest, and offer a cleansing sacrifice as Moses directed, as proof to them.
Luke 5:15 But his fame spread even more, and large crowds gathered to listen and to be healed by him of their sicknesses.
Luke 5:16 He went to a quiet place and prayed.
Luke 5:17 One day, as he was teaching, there were Pharisees and teachers of the law sitting nearby, from every town of Galilee, Judea, and Jerusalem. And God's power was there to heal them.
Luke 5:18 Look, some people carried a man on a bed who was paralyzed. They tried to bring him in and place him in front of Jesus.
Luke 5:19 When they couldn't find a way to bring him in because of the crowd, they went up on the roof and lowered him on his mat through the tiles right in front of Jesus.
Luke 5:20 When he saw how much they believed, he said to him, "Man, your sins are forgiven."
Luke 5:21 The teachers of the law and the Pharisees started to think, saying, "Who is this that says bad things against God? Who can forgive sins except God alone?"
Luke 5:22 When Jesus knew what they were thinking, he said to them, "Why are you thinking these things in your hearts?"
Luke 5:23 Which is easier to say, 'Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, 'Get up and walk'?
Luke 5:24 So you can know the Son of man has power on earth to forgive sins, he told the man with palsy, "I tell you, get up, take your bed, and go home."
Luke 5:25 Right away, he stood up in front of everyone, picked up the mat he was lying on, and went home, praising God.
Luke 5:26 Everyone was amazed, they praised God, and were very afraid, saying, "We have seen amazing things today."
Luke 5:27 After this, he went out, saw a tax collector named Levi sitting at the tax office, and said to him, "Follow me."
Luke 5:28 He left everything, got up, and followed him.
Luke 5:29 Levi held a big dinner at his home; many tax collectors and others ate with them.
Luke 5:30 But their teachers and religious leaders complained about his followers, asking, "Why do you eat and drink with tax collectors and bad people?"
Luke 5:31 Jesus replied, "Healthy people don't need a doctor; only the sick do."
Luke 5:32 I did not come to call good people, but sinners to turn away from their sins.
Luke 5:33 They asked him, "Why do John's followers and the Pharisees' disciples fast and pray often, but your followers eat and drink?"
Luke 5:34 He asked them, "Can you expect the wedding guests to fast while the groom is with them?"
Luke 5:35 But a time will come when the groom will be taken from them, and then they will fast on those days.
Luke 5:36 He also told them a story: No one sews a patch from a new piece of clothing on an old one. If they do, the new piece will tear, and it will not match the old clothing.
Luke 5:37 No one puts new wine into old bottles; otherwise, the new wine will break the bottles, spill out, and the bottles will be ruined.
Luke 5:38 New wine must go into new wineskins; then both stay good.
Luke 5:39 Someone who has drunk old wine doesn't immediately want new wine. They think the old one is better.

Luke 6:1 On the second Saturday following the first, Jesus walked through the grain fields. His followers picked some heads of grain, rubbed them in their hands, and ate them.
Luke 6:2 Some Pharisees asked them, "Why are you doing what's not allowed on the Sabbath?"
Luke 6:3 Jesus replied to them, "Haven't you read what David did when he and his followers were hungry?
Luke 6:4 He entered God's house, took and ate the bread on display, and also gave it to his companions, though only priests are allowed to eat it.
Luke 6:5 He told them that the Son of Man is also Lord of the Sabbath.
Luke 6:6 On another Sabbath, he went into the synagogue and taught. A man was there with a crippled right hand.
Luke 6:7 The teachers of the law and the Pharisees watched Jesus to see if he would heal on the Sabbath, so they could accuse him.
Luke 6:8 But he knew what they were thinking and said to the man with the weak hand, "Get up and stand here." And he got up and stood there.
Luke 6:9 Jesus said to them, I have one question for you: Is it right to do good or bad on the Sabbath? To save a life or to destroy it?
Luke 6:10 He looked at them all and said to the man, "Stretch out your hand." He did, and his hand was healed, just like the other one.
Luke 6:11 They were overcome with anger and discussed with each other what they should do to Jesus.
Luke 6:12 At that time, he went to a mountain to pray, and spent the whole night talking to God.
Luke 6:13 When it became daytime, he called his disciples to him and out of them, he picked twelve, whom he also called apostles.
Luke 6:14 Simon, who was also called Peter, and his brother Andrew, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,
Luke 6:15 Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called the Zealot,
Luke 6:16 Judas, James's brother, and Judas Iscariot, who was the traitor.
Luke 6:17 He came down with them and stood on the flat land with his followers and a large crowd from all over Judea and Jerusalem, and from the coast of Tyre and Sidon. They came to listen to him and to be cured of their sicknesses.
Luke 6:18 People troubled by evil spirits were healed.
Luke 6:19 The whole crowd wanted to touch him because healing power came from him and healed everyone.
Luke 6:20 He looked at his followers and said, "Happy are you who are poor: for the kingdom of God belongs to you."
Luke 6:21 Happy are you who are hungry now, because you will be satisfied. Happy are you who are crying now, because you will laugh.
Luke 6:22 You are blessed when people hate you, avoid you, insult you, and say you are evil because of the Son of man.
Luke 6:23 Be happy on that day and jump for joy, because your reward in heaven is big; their ancestors treated the prophets the same way.
Luke 6:24 But bad luck to you who are rich, because you have already gotten your comfort.
Luke 6:25 Trouble to you who are full, because you will be hungry. Trouble to you who laugh now, because you will be sad and cry.
Luke 6:26 Trouble comes to you when everyone says good things about you, because that's what they did for the fake prophets.
Luke 6:27 I tell you who are listening: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.
Luke 6:28 Be kind to those who curse you, and pray for those who are mean to you.
Luke 6:29 If someone hits you on one cheek, let them hit the other one too; and if someone takes your jacket, don't stop them from taking your shirt as well.
Luke 6:30 Give to everyone who asks you, and if someone takes your belongings, don't ask for them back.
Luke 6:31 Do to others what you would want them to do to you.
Luke 6:32 If you love only those who love you, what reward do you get? Even sinners love those who love them.
Luke 6:33 If you are good only to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners do that.
Luke 6:34 If you lend money to those you expect to pay you back, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, hoping to get back the same amount.
Luke 6:35 Love your enemies, do good, and lend without expecting anything back; your reward will be large, and you will be children of the Most High because God is kind to the ungrateful and wicked.
Luke 6:36 Be kind, just as your Father is kind.
Luke 6:37 Do not judge, and you won't be judged. Do not condemn, and you won't be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven.
Luke 6:38 Give, and you will receive; you will be given a lot, packed tight and overflowing, into your arms. Because the same amount you give will be given back to you.
Luke 6:39 He told them a story: If a blind person guides another blind person, won't they both fall into a hole?
Luke 6:40 A student is not greater than their teacher, but anyone who is fully trained will be like their teacher.
Luke 6:41 Why do you see the speck that is in your brother's eye, but do not notice the log that is in your own eye?
Luke 6:42 How can you tell your brother, 'Brother, let me take out the speck in your eye,' when you don't see the log in your own eye? You are acting fake. First, remove the log from your eye. Then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.
Luke 6:43 A good tree does not produce bad fruit, and a bad tree does not produce good fruit.
Luke 6:44 Every tree is recognized by its fruit. People don't pick figs from thorns, or grapes from bramble bushes.
Luke 6:45 A good person brings good things from the good in their heart, and a bad person brings bad things from the bad in their heart. What they have plenty of in their heart, their mouth talks about.
Luke 6:46 Why do you call me 'Lord, Lord,' and not do what I say?
Luke 6:47 Anyone who comes to me, listens to what I say, and follows it, I will show you what they are like:
Luke 6:48 He is like a person who built a house, dug deep, and set its base on rock: when the flood came, the water hit that house hard, but could not move it because it was built on rock.
Luke 6:49 But the person who listens and doesn't act is like someone who built a house on the ground without a foundation. When the river hit it hard, the house quickly fell apart, and was completely destroyed.

Luke 7:1 After finishing all his teachings in front of the people, he went into Capernaum.
Luke 7:2 A centurion had a servant he cared for deeply, who was ill and close to death.
Luke 7:3 When he heard about Jesus, he sent Jewish leaders to ask him to come and heal his servant.
Luke 7:4 When they reached Jesus, they urgently asked him, saying, "He deserves your help."
Luke 7:5 He loves our people and has built us a place to worship.
Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. When he was almost at the house, the centurion sent friends to say to him, "Sir, do not bother coming in, because I am not good enough for you to come under my roof.
Luke 7:7 That's why I didn't feel worthy to come to you myself; just say the word, and my servant will be healed.
Luke 7:8 I am also a man under authority, with soldiers under me. I tell one, 'Go,' and he goes; to another, 'Come,' and he comes; and to my servant, 'Do this,' and he does it.
Luke 7:9 When Jesus heard this, he was amazed and turning to the crowd following him, he said, "I tell you, I haven't found such strong faith even in Israel."
Luke 7:10 The messengers returned to the house and found the sick servant completely well.
Luke 7:11 The next day, he went to a city named Nain with many of his followers and a large crowd.
Luke 7:12 As he approached the city gate, he saw a group carrying out a dead man, the only son of his mother, who was a widow. Many people from the city were with her.
Luke 7:13 When God saw her, he felt sorry for her and said, "Don't cry."
Luke 7:14 He came and touched the coffin, and the people carrying it stopped. He said, "Young man, I tell you, get up."
Luke 7:15 The dead person sat up and started to talk. Then he was given back to his mother.
Luke 7:16 Everyone became afraid and praised God, saying, "A great prophet has appeared among us," and, "God has come to help his people."
Luke 7:17 News about him spread all over Judaea and the surrounding area.
Luke 7:18 John's followers told him about all these things.
Luke 7:19 John sent two of his disciples to ask Jesus, "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect someone else?"
Luke 7:20 When the men got to him, they said, "John the Baptizer sent us to ask you, are you the one we should expect, or should we wait for someone else?"
Luke 7:21 In that hour, he healed many people of their sicknesses and diseases, and of evil spirits; and he gave sight to many who were blind.
Luke 7:22 Jesus replied, "Go and tell John what you have seen and heard: the blind can see, the lame can walk, people with leprosy are healed, the deaf can hear, the dead are brought back to life, and the good news is told to the poor."
Luke 7:23 Happy is anyone who does not get upset because of me.
Luke 7:24 After John's messengers left, he started talking to the people about John, asking, "Why did you go out into the wilderness? To see a reed swayed by the wind?"
Luke 7:25 Why did you go out to see? A man dressed in fine clothes? Look, those in fancy clothes and living in luxury are in royal palaces.
Luke 7:26 But why did you go out? To see a prophet? Yes, I tell you, and even more than a prophet.
Luke 7:27 He is the one about whom it was written: Look, I send my messenger ahead of you to get things ready for you.
Luke 7:28 I tell you, among all born from women, no one is a greater prophet than John the Baptist. Yet even the least in God's kingdom is greater than he.
Luke 7:29 Everyone who heard him, including the tax collectors, acknowledged that God was right by getting baptized with John's baptism.
Luke 7:30 The Pharisees and legal experts did not accept God's plan for them because they were not baptized by him.
Luke 7:31 God asked, "What can I compare the people of this time to? What are they like?"
Luke 7:32 They are like children sitting in the market, calling to each other, saying, "We played music for you, but you didn't dance; we cried for you, but you didn't cry."
Luke 7:33 John the Baptist didn't eat bread or drink wine, and you say he has a demon.
Luke 7:34 The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and you say, 'Look, a man who eats too much and drinks too much wine, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!'
Luke 7:35 Wisdom is shown to be right by all who follow her.
Luke 7:36 A Pharisee wanted Jesus to have a meal with him. So Jesus went to the Pharisee's home and sat down to eat.
Luke 7:37 Look, a woman in the town who had done wrong things knew that Jesus was eating at a Pharisee's home, so she came with a jar of perfume.
Luke 7:38 She stood behind him at his feet crying, washed his feet with her tears, dried them with her hair, kissed his feet, and put perfume on them.
Luke 7:39 When the Pharisee who invited Jesus saw this, he thought, "If this man were a prophet, he would know what kind of woman is touching him, because she is a sinner."
Luke 7:40 Jesus replied to him, "Simon, I have something to tell you." And he said, "Teacher, go ahead."
Luke 7:41 A lender had two people who owed him money: one owed five hundred coins, and the other owed fifty.
Luke 7:42 When they couldn't pay, he freely forgave them both. So, which one will love him more?
Luke 7:43 Simon answered, "I think the one who was forgiven the most." And he said to him, "You have judged correctly."
Luke 7:44 He looked at the woman and said to Simon, "Do you see this woman? When I came into your home, you didn't give me water for my feet. But she has washed my feet with her tears and dried them with her hair."
Luke 7:45 You did not give me a kiss, but this woman hasn't stopped kissing my feet since I arrived.
Luke 7:46 You did not put oil on my head, but this woman has put perfume on my feet.
Luke 7:47 So I tell you, her many sins are forgiven because she loved a lot; but one who is forgiven little, loves little.
Luke 7:48 He told her, "Your sins are forgiven."
Luke 7:49 The people eating with him started to think, "Who is this who can also forgive sins?"
Luke 7:50 He told the woman, "Your faith has saved you; go in peace."

Luke 8:1 After that, he traveled to every city and village, teaching and sharing the good news of God's kingdom, and the twelve were with him.
Luke 8:2 Some women who were healed from evil spirits and sicknesses, including Mary called Magdalene who had seven demons come out of her,
Luke 8:3 Joanna, Chuza the manager of Herod's house, and Susanna, along with many others, used their own resources to help him.
Luke 8:4 When many people came together from different cities to be with him, he told them a story with a lesson.
Luke 8:5 A farmer went out to plant his seeds: as he scattered them, some dropped along the path; they were stepped on, and the birds ate them.
Luke 8:6 Some seeds fell on rocky ground, and when they grew, they dried up because they had no water.
Luke 8:7 Some seeds fell among thorns; the thorns grew with them and choked the seeds.
Luke 8:8 Some seeds fell on good soil, grew, and produced fruit a hundred times more. After saying this, he shouted, "If you have ears to listen, then listen."
Luke 8:9 His followers asked him, "What does this story mean?"
Luke 8:10 He said, "You are allowed to know God's kingdom secrets. But others get stories, so they look but don't see, and they listen but don't understand."
Luke 8:11 The story means this: The seed stands for God's message.
Luke 8:12 The ones along the path are those who hear the message, but then the devil comes and takes the message from their hearts so they won't believe and be saved.
Luke 8:13 Those on the rock are the ones who hear the word and accept it with joy, but they have no strong foundation. They believe for a while, but when they face hard times, they give up.
Luke 8:14 The seeds that fell among thorns represent those who hear the message, but then life's worries, wealth, and pleasures stop them from growing, and they don't produce any good results.
Luke 8:15 The seeds that fell on good soil represent those who, with a true and good heart, listen to God's message, hold onto it, and steadily produce good results.
Luke 8:16 When someone lights a candle, they don't hide it under a bowl or put it under a bed. Instead, they put it on a stand so that people coming in can see the light.
Luke 8:17 Nothing that is secret will stay hidden; everything that is hidden will be brought to light and made known.
Luke 8:18 Be careful how you listen: for whoever has, will receive more; and whoever does not have, even what they think they have will be taken away.
Luke 8:19 Then his mother and brothers came to him, but they couldn't get close because of the crowd.
Luke 8:20 Some people told him, "Your mother and your brothers are outside, wanting to see you."
Luke 8:21 He replied, "My mother and brothers are those who listen to God's word and follow it."
Luke 8:22 One day, he got into a boat with his followers and said to them, "Let's go across to the other side of the lake." So they set out.
Luke 8:23 While they were sailing, he fell asleep. A windstorm came on the lake, the boat filled with water, and they were in danger.
Luke 8:24 They came to him, woke him up, and said, "Teacher, teacher, we're going to die!" So he got up, told the wind and the wild water to stop, and they stopped, and everything was calm.
Luke 8:25 He asked them, "Where is your faith?" Filled with fear and amazement, they said to each other, "Who is this man? Even the winds and water obey him!"
Luke 8:26 They reached the area of the Gadarenes, across from Galilee.
Luke 8:27 When he went onto land, a man from the city who had been troubled by evil spirits for a long time, who wore no clothes and did not live in a house but in the tombs, met him.
Luke 8:28 When he saw Jesus, he shouted and fell down in front of him, and said loudly, "What do you want with me, Jesus, Son of the most high God? Please don't torture me."
Luke 8:29 He had told the evil spirit to leave the man. The spirit often took control of him, and though he was tied up with chains and leg irons, he would break free, and the devil drove him into lonely places.
Luke 8:30 And Jesus asked him, "What is your name?" He replied, "Legion," because many demons had gone into him.
Luke 8:31 They begged him not to order them to go into the abyss.
Luke 8:32 There was a large group of pigs eating on the hill, and they asked him to let them go into the pigs. And he let them.
Luke 8:33 The demons left the man and went into the pigs. The pigs then ran down the hill into the lake and drowned.
Luke 8:34 When the people taking care of them saw what had happened, they ran away, and went to tell about it in the city and the countryside.
Luke 8:35 Then they went to see what had happened; they came to Jesus, and saw the man who had been freed from demons sitting at Jesus' feet, dressed and in his right mind, and they were scared.
Luke 8:36 People who saw it explained how the man with demons was healed.
Luke 8:37 The whole crowd from the area of the Gadarenes asked him to leave because they were very afraid. So he got into the boat and went back.
Luke 8:38 The man who was freed from the demons asked to go with Jesus, but Jesus sent him away, saying.
Luke 8:39 Go back to your home, and tell how much God has done for you. So he left and told everyone in the city how much Jesus had done for him.
Luke 8:40 When Jesus came back, the people happily welcomed him because they were all waiting for him.
Luke 8:41 Look, a man named Jairus came, who was a leader in the synagogue. He knelt down before Jesus and begged him to come to his house.
Luke 8:42 He had just one daughter, who was about twelve, and she was very sick. As he went, the crowds pressed around him.
Luke 8:43 A woman who had been bleeding for twelve years and had spent all her money on doctors could not be healed by anyone.
Luke 8:44 She came up behind him, touched the edge of his clothes, and right away her bleeding stopped.
Luke 8:45 Jesus asked, "Who touched me?" When everyone said they hadn't, Peter and his friends told him, "Master, there are so many people crowding and pushing against you, and you ask, 'Who touched me?'"
Luke 8:46 Jesus said, "Someone touched me, because I felt power go out from me."
Luke 8:47 When the woman realized she could not hide, she came shaking with fear. She knelt before Him and told everyone why she had touched Him, and how she was healed at once.
Luke 8:48 He said to her, "Daughter, relax, your faith has healed you; go peacefully."
Luke 8:49 While he was still talking, someone from the synagogue leader's house came and said, "Your daughter is dead; don't bother the Teacher anymore."
Luke 8:50 When Jesus heard this, he said, "Don't be afraid; just believe, and she will be healed."
Luke 8:51 When he entered the house, he did not allow anyone to come in except Peter, James, John, and the girl's father and mother.
Luke 8:52 Everyone cried and mourned for her, but he said, "Don't cry; she isn't dead, she's just sleeping."
Luke 8:53 They laughed at him, knowing she was dead.
Luke 8:54 He sent everyone out, took her hand, and said, "Girl, get up."
Luke 8:55 Her spirit returned, and she got up right away; and he told them to give her something to eat.
Luke 8:56 Her parents were amazed, but he told them not to tell anyone what had happened.

Luke 9:1 He gathered his twelve followers and gave them the power and authority to cast out all demons and to heal sicknesses.
Luke 9:2 He sent them to tell about God's kingdom and heal the sick.
Luke 9:3 He told them, "Don't take anything for your trip, not a walking stick, not a bag, not bread, not money, and don't have two shirts each."
Luke 9:4 When you enter a house, stay there until you leave.
Luke 9:5 If anyone does not welcome you, leave that town and shake the dust off your feet as a warning to them.
Luke 9:6 They left and traveled through the towns, sharing the good news and healing everywhere.
Luke 9:7 Herod the ruler heard about everything Jesus did. He was confused because some people said that John had come back to life.
Luke 9:8 Some people thought Elijah had appeared, while others believed one of the past prophets had come back to life.
Luke 9:9 Herod said, "I beheaded John, but who is this I hear about?" And he wanted to see him.
Luke 9:10 The apostles came back and told Jesus everything they did. He took them to a quiet place in the desert near Bethsaida.
Luke 9:11 When the people found out, they followed him. He welcomed them, talked to them about God's kingdom, and healed those who needed healing.
Luke 9:12 As the day was ending, the twelve disciples came to him and said, "Send the crowd away so they can go to the nearby towns and countryside to find places to stay and get food, because we are in a remote place."
Luke 9:13 He said to them, "You give them something to eat." But they replied, "We only have five loaves of bread and two fish, unless we go and buy food for everyone."
Luke 9:14 There were about five thousand men. He told his disciples to have them sit down in groups of fifty.
Luke 9:15 They did as told and had everyone sit down.
Luke 9:16 He took the five loaves and two fish, looked up to heaven, blessed them, broke them, and gave them to the disciples to give to all the people.
Luke 9:17 They ate, were all satisfied, and collected twelve baskets of leftover pieces.
Luke 9:18 While he was praying alone, his disciples joined him. He asked them, "Who do people say I am?"
Luke 9:19 They replied, "John the Baptist; but some think Elijah; and others that a prophet from long ago has come back to life."
Luke 9:20 He asked them, "But who do you say I am?" Peter replied, "The Messiah of God."
Luke 9:21 He strictly told them and ordered them not to tell anyone about that thing.
Luke 9:22 The Son of Man must go through a lot of suffering, be turned away by the elders, the top priests, and the teachers of the law, be killed, and come back to life on the third day.
Luke 9:23 He told everyone, "If anyone wants to follow me, they must forget about their own needs, carry their cross every day, and come with me."
Luke 9:24 Whoever tries to keep their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for me will save it.
Luke 9:25 What good is it for a person to get the whole world, but lose themselves or be thrown away?
Luke 9:26 Whoever feels ashamed of me and my teachings, the Son of Man will feel ashamed of that person when he comes in his glory, his Father's glory, and the glory of the holy angels.
Luke 9:27 I tell you the truth, some standing here will not die before they see God's kingdom.
Luke 9:28 About eight days after saying this, he took Peter, John, and James and went up a mountain to pray.
Luke 9:29 While he was praying, his face changed, and his clothes became very white and shiny.
Luke 9:30 Two men, Moses and Elias, talked with him.
Luke 9:31 Who appeared in glory and talked about his death that he would complete in Jerusalem.
Luke 9:32 Peter and his friends were very sleepy, but when they woke up, they saw his brightness and the two men with him.
Luke 9:33 After they left him, Peter said to Jesus, "Teacher, it's good for us to be here. Let's make three shelters: one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah," without understanding what he was saying.
Luke 9:34 While he was speaking, a cloud came and covered them, and they were afraid as they went into the cloud.
Luke 9:35 A voice came from the cloud, saying, "This is my dear Son: listen to him."
Luke 9:36 After the voice ended, only Jesus was there. They kept quiet about it and didn’t tell anyone at that time what they had seen.
Luke 9:37 The next day, when they came down from the hill, many people met him.
Luke 9:38 Look, a man in the crowd shouted, "Teacher, please pay attention to my son because he is my only child."
Luke 9:39 Suddenly, a spirit seizes him, and he cries out loudly; it shakes him violently, makes him foam at the mouth, hurts him badly, and only leaves after a struggle.
Luke 9:40 I asked your followers to drive him out, but they couldn't.
Luke 9:41 Jesus answered, "You unbelieving and wrong-thinking people, how long must I stay with you and put up with you? Bring your son here."
Luke 9:42 As he was still approaching, the devil knocked him down and attacked him. Jesus scolded the evil spirit, healed the boy, and gave him back to his father.
Luke 9:43 Everyone was amazed at the great power of God. But as they were all wondering about everything Jesus did, he spoke to his disciples.
Luke 9:44 Listen carefully to these words: the Son of Man will be handed over to people.
Luke 9:45 They did not understand what he meant, and it was kept secret from them so they could not realize it; and they were afraid to ask him about it.
Luke 9:46 They started to argue about which one of them was the most important.
Luke 9:47 Jesus knew what they were thinking, so he took a child and had him stand next to him.
Luke 9:48 Jesus told them, "Whoever welcomes this child in my name welcomes me; and whoever welcomes me also welcomes the one who sent me. The least one among you all will be the greatest."
Luke 9:49 John replied, "Teacher, we saw someone driving out demons using your name; we tried to stop him because he is not one of us."
Luke 9:50 Jesus said to him, "Don't stop him, because if he is not against us, he is with us."
Luke 9:51 When the time came for him to be taken up to heaven, he firmly decided to go to Jerusalem.
Luke 9:52 He sent messengers ahead of him, and they went to a Samaritan village to prepare for his arrival.
Luke 9:53 They did not welcome him because he looked like he was headed for Jerusalem.
Luke 9:54 When James and John, his followers, saw this, they asked, "Do you want us to call down fire from heaven to destroy them, like Elijah did?"
Luke 9:55 He turned, corrected them, and said, "You don't know what kind of spirit you belong to."
Luke 9:56 The Son of man did not come to end people's lives, but to rescue them. Then they moved on to another town.
Luke 9:57 As they traveled, a man said to him, "Lord, I will follow you wherever you go."
Luke 9:58 Jesus said to him, "Foxes have holes, and birds in the sky have nests, but the Son of Man has no place to rest his head."
Luke 9:59 He said to another, "Follow me." But he replied, "Please let me go and bury my father first."
Luke 9:60 Jesus told him, "Let the dead bury their own dead. Instead, go and spread the message of God's kingdom."
Luke 9:61 Someone else said, "God, I will follow you, but first let me say goodbye to those at my home."
Luke 9:62 Jesus said to him, "Anyone who starts to plow but keeps looking back isn't ready for God's kingdom."

Luke 10:1 After this, God chose 70 more people and sent them in pairs to every city and place where he planned to go.
Luke 10:2 He told them, "The harvest is really big, but there are not many workers. So, ask God, who is in charge of the harvest, to send more workers to gather it."
Luke 10:3 Go: I am sending you like lambs among wolves.
Luke 10:4 Don't take a money bag, a backpack, or extra shoes; and don't greet anyone on the road.
Luke 10:5 Whenever you go into a house, first say, "Peace to this house."
Luke 10:6 If a peaceful person is there, your peace will stay with them; if not, it will come back to you.
Luke 10:7 Stay in that same house, eating and drinking what they offer, because workers deserve their pay. Do not move from house to house.
Luke 10:8 When you go into any city and people welcome you, eat what they give you.
Luke 10:9 Cure the sick there and tell them, God's kingdom is near you.
Luke 10:10 Whenever you go into a city and they don't welcome you, leave and say in its streets,
Luke 10:11 We even wipe off your city's dust that sticks to us, but remember, God's kingdom is very close to you.
Luke 10:12 I tell you, on that day it will be easier for Sodom than for that city.
Luke 10:13 How terrible for you, Chorazin! How terrible for you, Bethsaida! If the powerful deeds that were done in you had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have turned away from their sins long ago, wearing rough clothing and sitting in ashes.
Luke 10:14 Tyre and Sidon will have an easier time on judgment day than you will.
Luke 10:15 You, Capernaum, raised up to heaven, will be pushed down to hell.
Luke 10:16 Whoever listens to you listens to me; whoever disrespects you disrespects me; and whoever disrespects me disrespects the one who sent me.
Luke 10:17 The seventy came back happy, saying, "God, even the demons listen to us because of your name."
Luke 10:18 He told them, "I saw Satan fall from heaven like a flash of lightning."
Luke 10:19 Look, I give you the power to step on snakes and scorpions, and over all the enemy's power: and nothing will hurt you at all.
Luke 10:20 Don't be happy just because spirits obey you; be happier because your names are written in heaven.
Luke 10:21 At that time, Jesus felt very happy and said, "Thank you, Father, God of heaven and earth, because you kept these things from the smart and careful people, but showed them to little children. Yes, Father, this is what you wanted."
Luke 10:22 God has given me all things: and no one knows the Son, except God; and no one knows God, except the Son, and anyone the Son chooses to show him to.
Luke 10:23 He turned to his followers and quietly said, "Happy are the eyes that see what you see."
Luke 10:24 I tell you, many prophets and kings wanted to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear what you hear but did not hear it.
Luke 10:25 A lawyer stood up to test Jesus and asked, "Teacher, what must I do to get eternal life?"
Luke 10:26 He asked him, "What is written in the law? How do you read it?"
Luke 10:27 He replied, "You should love God with all your heart, all your soul, all your strength, and all your mind; and love your neighbor as yourself."
Luke 10:28 He told him, "You have answered correctly: do this and you will live."
Luke 10:29 But he wanted to prove himself right and asked Jesus, "And who is my neighbor?"
Luke 10:30 Jesus replied, "A man was going from Jerusalem to Jericho, and robbers attacked him, took his clothes, hurt him, and left him almost dead."
Luke 10:31 By chance, a priest was going that way, and when he saw the man, he crossed to the other side and walked past.
Luke 10:32 A Levite also came to the place, saw the man, and went by on the other side.
Luke 10:33 A Samaritan on his journey saw the hurt man and felt sorry for him.
Luke 10:34 He went to him, treated his wounds with oil and wine, put him on his own animal, took him to a hotel, and looked after him.
Luke 10:35 The next day, when he left, he gave the innkeeper two coins and said, "Look after him. If you spend more, I'll pay you back when I return."
Luke 10:36 Which of these three do you think was a neighbor to the man who was attacked by robbers?
Luke 10:37 He said, "The one who was kind to him." Then Jesus told him, "Go and act the same way."
Luke 10:38 As they traveled, he came to a village where a woman named Martha welcomed him into her home.
Luke 10:39 She had a sister named Mary, who also sat at Jesus' feet and listened to his teaching.
Luke 10:40 Martha was busy with a lot of serving and went to him and said, "Lord, don't you care that my sister left me to serve alone? Tell her to help me."
Luke 10:41 Jesus answered her, "Martha, Martha, you are worried and upset about many things:
Luke 10:42 Only one thing is important, and Mary has chosen it. It will not be taken from her.

Luke 11:1 As he was praying in a certain place, when he stopped, one of his followers asked him, "Teach us to pray, just like John taught his followers."
Luke 11:2 He told them, "When you pray, say, 'Father in heaven, your name is holy. Your kingdom come. Your will be done on earth as it is in heaven.'"
Luke 11:3 Give us our bread every day.
Luke 11:4 Forgive our sins, as we forgive everyone who does wrong to us. Don't let us be tempted, but save us from evil.
Luke 11:5 He asked them, "If one of you has a friend and goes to him at midnight to ask, 'Friend, give me three loaves of bread;'
Luke 11:6 A friend of mine on a trip has come to me, and I have nothing to give him.
Luke 11:7 The person inside will reply, "Don't bother me. The door is closed, and my kids are in bed with me; I can't get up to give you anything."
Luke 11:8 I tell you, even if he won't get up and help him because they're friends, he will get up and give him what he needs because he keeps asking.
Luke 11:9 I tell you, ask and you will receive; look and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
Luke 11:10 Everyone who asks receives; whoever seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened.
Luke 11:11 If a child asks for bread from one of you who is a parent, will you give them a stone instead? Or if they ask for a fish, will you give them a snake?
Luke 11:12 If he asks for an egg, will he be given a scorpion?
Luke 11:13 If you, even though you are not perfect, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will God in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask Him?
Luke 11:14 He was driving out a demon that could not speak. When the demon left, the once-silent person began to speak, and the crowd was amazed.
Luke 11:15 Some of them said, "He drives out demons by the power of Beelzebub, the leader of the demons."
Luke 11:16 Some people, testing him, asked him for a sign from the sky.
Luke 11:17 He knew what they were thinking and said to them, "A kingdom fighting against itself will be ruined; and a family split apart will fall."
Luke 11:18 If Satan fights against himself, how can his kingdom last? This is because you claim I force out demons using Beelzebub's power.
Luke 11:19 If I drive out demons using Beelzebub, who do your own people use to drive them out? So they will judge you.
Luke 11:20 If I use God's power to drive out demons, then God's kingdom has surely come to you.
Luke 11:21 When a strong man with weapons guards his home, his belongings are safe.
Luke 11:22 When someone stronger attacks and beats him, he takes away all his weapons that he relied on, and shares what he has taken.
Luke 11:23 Whoever is not with me is against me, and whoever does not help me gather, spreads everything out.
Luke 11:24 When the evil spirit leaves a person, it wanders through dry areas, looking for a place to rest; not finding one, it says, I will go back to the home I left.
Luke 11:25 When he comes, he finds it clean and tidy.
Luke 11:26 Then he goes and brings seven other spirits more evil than himself; they go inside and live there. So the person ends up in a worse situation than before.
Luke 11:27 As he was speaking, a woman in the crowd raised her voice and said to him, "Happy is the mother who gave birth to you and the breasts you nursed from."
Luke 11:28 But he said, "Yes, even more blessed are those who hear God's word and follow it."
Luke 11:29 When many people came together, he started to say, "This is a bad generation: they want a sign; but no sign will be given to them, except the sign of Jonah the prophet."
Luke 11:30 Just as Jonah was a sign to the people of Nineveh, so will the Son of Man be to this generation.
Luke 11:31 The queen from the south will stand up at the time of judgment with the people of today, and accuse them because she traveled from far away to listen to Solomon's wisdom; and look, someone greater than Solomon is here.
Luke 11:32 People from Nineveh will stand up with this generation on judgment day and condemn it because they changed their ways after hearing Jonah's message. But now, someone greater than Jonah is here.
Luke 11:33 When someone lights a candle, they don't hide it or put it under a bowl but on a candle holder so that people coming in can see the light.
Luke 11:34 The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light. But if your eye is bad, your whole body will be dark.
Luke 11:35 Be careful that the light inside you is not actually darkness.
Luke 11:36 If your whole body is full of light, with no dark part, it will all be bright, like when a candle's glow gives you light.
Luke 11:37 While he was speaking, a Pharisee invited him to have dinner with him. So he went in and sat down to eat.
Luke 11:38 When the Pharisee saw this, he was amazed that he didn't wash before eating.
Luke 11:39 God said to him, "You Pharisees clean the outside of the cup and dish, but inside you are full of greed and evil."
Luke 11:40 You fools, didn't the one who made the outside also make the inside?
Luke 11:41 Instead, give to the poor from what you have; and then everything will be pure for you.
Luke 11:42 But trouble will come to you, Pharisees! You give a tenth of your mint, rue, and all other herbs, but you ignore justice and the love of God. You should have practiced the latter without neglecting the former.
Luke 11:43 Trouble comes to you, Pharisees, because you like the best seats in the synagogues and to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces.
Luke 11:44 Trouble to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, pretenders! You are like hidden graves that people walk over without knowing.
Luke 11:45 One of the legal experts replied, "Teacher, when you say these things, you insult us too."
Luke 11:46 He said, "How terrible for you lawyers! You load people with hard-to-carry burdens, but you don't help carry these burdens at all."
Luke 11:47 You are in trouble because you make tombs for the prophets, but your ancestors killed them.
Luke 11:48 You really show that you agree with what your ancestors did; they killed the prophets, and you build their tombs.
Luke 11:49 So God's wisdom said, "I will send them prophets and messengers, and they will kill and mistreat some of them."
Luke 11:50 So that this generation will be held responsible for the blood of all the prophets that has been spilled since the world began.
Luke 11:51 From Abel's death to Zacharias's death, who died between the altar and the temple, I tell you, this generation will be held responsible.
Luke 11:52 Pity you, lawyers! You've removed the key to knowledge: you didn't go in yourselves, and you blocked others who were trying to enter.
Luke 11:53 As he spoke to them, the teachers of the law and the Pharisees started to strongly challenge him, trying to get him to talk about many topics.
Luke 11:54 Waiting for him, they wanted to hear him say something wrong so they could accuse him.

Luke 12:1 While a huge crowd was gathering and people were stepping on each other, he started to tell his disciples, "Be careful of the Pharisees' yeast, which is their fake behavior."
Luke 12:2 Everything hidden will be uncovered, and every secret will be known.
Luke 12:3 Whatever you have said in secret will be heard in the daylight, and what you have whispered in private rooms will be shouted from the rooftops.
Luke 12:4 I tell you, my friends, don't be scared of those who can kill the body but can't do anything more after that.
Luke 12:5 But I will tell you who to be afraid of: Be afraid of the one who, after killing, has the power to throw you into hell; yes, I am telling you, be afraid of him.
Luke 12:6 Aren't five sparrows sold for two small coins, and God doesn't forget even one of them?
Luke 12:7 God knows the number of hairs on your head. So don't be afraid; you are worth more than many sparrows.
Luke 12:8 I tell you, if anyone acknowledges me before others, the Son of Man will also acknowledge them before God's angels.
Luke 12:9 Whoever denies me before others will be denied before God's angels.
Luke 12:10 Anyone who speaks against the Son of Man can be forgiven, but anyone who speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Luke 12:11 When they take you to the synagogues, to leaders, and authorities, don't worry about how you will defend yourselves or what to say.
Luke 12:12 The Holy Spirit will teach you at that time what you should say.
Luke 12:13 Someone in the crowd said to him, "Teacher, tell my brother to share the inheritance with me."
Luke 12:14 He said to him, "Person, who appointed me to be a judge or to split property between you?"
Luke 12:15 He told them, "Be careful and avoid greed: a person's life is not about having a lot of possessions."
Luke 12:16 He told them a story: A rich man's land produced a lot of crops.
Luke 12:17 He thought to himself, "What should I do? I don't have enough space to store my crops."
Luke 12:18 He said, "I will do this: I will tear down my barns and build bigger ones, and there I will store all my crops and possessions."
Luke 12:19 I will tell myself, "You have plenty of things stored up for many years; relax, eat, drink, and have fun."
Luke 12:20 God said to him, "You fool, tonight your life will be taken from you. Then who will get what you have prepared?"
Luke 12:21 This is like someone who saves wealth for themselves but isn't generous towards God.
Luke 12:22 He told his disciples, "That's why I'm telling you not to worry about your life, what you will eat; or about your body, what you will wear.
Luke 12:23 Life is more important than food, and the body is more important than clothes.
Luke 12:24 Look at the ravens: they don't plant or harvest; they have no storage or barn; yet God feeds them. How much more valuable are you than birds?
Luke 12:25 Who among you can grow taller by worrying about it, even by a little bit?
Luke 12:26 If you can't do even the smallest task, why worry about the rest?
Luke 12:27 Look at the flowers and how they grow: they don't work hard or make cloth; but I tell you, not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed as beautifully as one of these.
Luke 12:28 If God dresses the grass in the field today, which is thrown into the fire tomorrow, won't he give you clothes, you who have little faith?
Luke 12:29 Don't worry about what you will eat, drink, or be uncertain about.
Luke 12:30 All the countries in the world go after these things, and God knows you need them.
Luke 12:31 Instead, look for God's kingdom, and all these things will be given to you.
Luke 12:32 Don't be afraid, small group; because God is happy to give you the kingdom.
Luke 12:33 Sell what you own and give to the poor; make for yourselves money bags that do not wear out, a treasure in heaven that never fails, where no thief can come near and no moth destroys.
Luke 12:34 Where you keep what you value most, that's where your heart will be too.
Luke 12:35 Be ready and keep your lamps lit.
Luke 12:36 Be like people waiting for their master to come back from a wedding, so when he arrives and knocks, they can open the door for him right away.
Luke 12:37 Happy are the servants who are found alert by God when he arrives; truly, I tell you, God will prepare himself, have them sit for a meal, and come out to serve them.
Luke 12:38 If he comes during the second or third watch and finds them ready, those servants are blessed.
Luke 12:39 Know this: if the homeowner knew when the thief would come, he would have stayed awake and not let his house be broken into.
Luke 12:40 So be ready too, because the Son of Man will come at a time you do not expect.
Luke 12:41 Then Peter asked him, "God, are you telling this story to us or to everyone?"
Luke 12:42 God asked, "Who is the trustworthy and sensible manager that his master will put in charge of his household to give them their food at the right time?"
Luke 12:43 Happy is the servant whom his master finds working when he returns.
Luke 12:44 I tell you the truth, he will put him in charge of everything he owns.
Luke 12:45 But if that servant thinks, 'My master is taking a long time to come back,' and starts to hit the other servants, and eats and drinks too much and gets drunk;
Luke 12:46 The master of that servant will come on a day when he's not expecting him, at a time he doesn't know, and will punish him severely, assigning him a place with the disbelievers.
Luke 12:47 The servant who knew what his master wanted but didn't get ready or do what his master wanted will be punished severely.
Luke 12:48 The person who did not know and did wrong will get a light punishment. When someone has been given a lot, a lot will be expected from them. And when people have been trusted with a lot, they will be asked to give even more.
Luke 12:49 I have come to bring fire on the earth; and how I wish it was already burning!
Luke 12:50 But I must go through a baptism; and I feel pressured until it's done!
Luke 12:51 Do you think I came to bring peace on earth? I tell you, no; I came to divide.
Luke 12:52 From now on, five people in one family will be split, three against two and two against three.
Luke 12:53 A father will be against his son, and a son against his father; a mother will be against her daughter, and a daughter against her mother; a mother-in-law will be against her daughter-in-law, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.
Luke 12:54 He also told the people, "When you see a cloud coming from the west, right away you say, 'A rain is coming'; and that's what happens."
Luke 12:55 When you see the south wind, you say, "It will be hot," and it happens.
Luke 12:56 You pretenders, you can understand the look of the sky and the earth; but why can't you understand what's happening now?
Luke 12:57 Yes, and why don't you judge for yourselves what is right?
Luke 12:58 When you go to court with your opponent, try hard to settle the matter before you get there. If you don't, your opponent might drag you to the judge, the judge might hand you over to the guard, and the guard might put you in jail.
Luke 12:59 I tell you, you will not leave there until you have paid the very last penny.

Luke 13:1 At that time, some people told Jesus about the Galileans whose blood Pilate had mixed with their sacrifices.
Luke 13:2 Jesus answered them, "Do you think that these Galileans were worse sinners than all the other Galileans because they suffered this way?"
Luke 13:3 I tell you, no: but unless you change your ways, you will all die just as well.
Luke 13:4 Do you think those eighteen people the tower in Siloam fell on and killed were worse sinners than all the other people living in Jerusalem?
Luke 13:5 I tell you, no: but if you don't change your ways, you will all die just as they did.
Luke 13:6 He also told this story: A man had a fig tree in his vineyard; he looked for fruit on it but found none.
Luke 13:7 He said to the vineyard worker, "Look, for three years I've been looking for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down; why should it waste the soil?"
Luke 13:8 He replied, "Master, leave it alone for one more year. I will dig around it and put fertilizer on it."
Luke 13:9 If it produces fruit, good; if not, then you should cut it down.
Luke 13:10 He was teaching in a synagogue on the Sabbath.
Luke 13:11 Look, there was a woman who had been sick for eighteen years, bent over and unable to straighten up at all.
Luke 13:12 When Jesus saw her, he called her over and said, "Woman, you are freed from your sickness."
Luke 13:13 He touched her, and right away she could stand up straight and she praised God.
Luke 13:14 The leader of the synagogue was upset because Jesus healed on the Sabbath. He told the people, "There are six days to work, so come to be healed on those days, not on the Sabbath."
Luke 13:15 God answered him, "You hypocrite! Doesn't each of you untie his ox or donkey from the stall on the Sabbath and lead it to drink water?"
Luke 13:16 Shouldn't this woman, a daughter of Abraham, who has been tied by Satan for eighteen years, be set free from this bond on the Sabbath day?
Luke 13:17 After he said this, all his enemies felt ashamed, and everyone was happy because of the wonderful things he did.
Luke 13:18 He asked, "What is God's kingdom like? What can I compare it to?"
Luke 13:19 It is like a mustard seed that a man took and planted in his garden. It grew and became a big tree, and the birds made nests in its branches.
Luke 13:20 He said again, "What can I compare God's kingdom to?"
Luke 13:21 It is like yeast that a woman mixed into a large amount of flour until it spread through all of it.
Luke 13:22 He traveled through towns and villages, teaching, and headed towards Jerusalem.
Luke 13:23 Someone asked him, "Sir, are only a few people going to be saved?" And he replied to them,
Luke 13:24 Try hard to go through the narrow door, because I tell you, many will try to enter and will not be able to.
Luke 13:25 When the owner of the house gets up and closes the door, and you start standing outside and knocking on the door, saying, "Sir, Sir, let us in," he will answer, "I don't know where you come from."
Luke 13:26 Then you will start to say, "We ate and drank with you, and you taught in our streets."
Luke 13:27 But he will say, I tell you, I do not know you or where you come from; go away from me, all you who do wrong.
Luke 13:28 You will cry and grind your teeth when you see Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and all the prophets in God's kingdom, but you are thrown out.
Luke 13:29 People will come from the east, west, north, and south, and will sit in God's kingdom.
Luke 13:30 Look, some who are last will be first, and some who are first will be last.
Luke 13:31 That day some Pharisees came and said to him, "Leave this place and go away, because Herod wants to kill you."
Luke 13:32 He said to them, "Go, tell that fox, 'Look, I drive out demons and heal people today and tomorrow, and on the third day I will complete my work.'"
Luke 13:33 I must go on my way today, tomorrow, and the next day, because it's not possible for a prophet to die outside of Jerusalem.
Luke 13:34 Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you; how often I wanted to bring your children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you didn't want that!
Luke 13:35 Look, your house is now empty: and I tell you, you won't see me until you say, 'Welcome is the one who comes in God's name.'

Luke 14:1 As he entered a leading Pharisee's home to share a meal on the Sabbath, they observed him closely.
Luke 14:2 Look, there was a man in front of him with swelling in his body.
Luke 14:3 Jesus replied to the lawyers and Pharisees, asking, "Is it allowed to heal on the Sabbath?"
Luke 14:4 They stayed quiet. He took the man, healed him, and released him.
Luke 14:5 He replied, "If one of you has a donkey or an ox that falls into a hole, wouldn't you immediately help it out on the Sabbath day?"
Luke 14:6 They could not reply to him after this.
Luke 14:7 He told a story to the invited guests when he noticed how they picked the best seats, and said to them.
Luke 14:8 When you are invited by someone to a wedding, do not take the best seat; someone more important than you might have been invited by them.
Luke 14:9 The person who invited you and the other man might come and say to you, "Give your seat to this man," and then you will feel embarrassed to move to the least important place.
Luke 14:10 When you are invited, go and sit in the least important place so that the host might come to you and say, “Friend, move to a better seat.” Then you will be honored in front of the other guests.
Luke 14:11 Whoever makes himself important will be made humble; and the one who makes himself humble will be made important.
Luke 14:12 He also told the person who invited him, "When you host a dinner or a meal, don't just invite your friends, family, or rich neighbors; otherwise, they might invite you back and repay you."
Luke 14:13 When you have a feast, invite the poor, the hurt, the crippled, and the blind.
Luke 14:14 You will be blessed because they can't repay you; you will be repaid when good people are raised from death.
Luke 14:15 When someone eating with him heard this, he said to him, "Happy is the one who will eat bread in God's kingdom."
Luke 14:16 He told him, "A man prepared a big dinner and invited many people."
Luke 14:17 He sent his servant at dinner time to tell the invited guests, 'Come, everything is ready now.'
Luke 14:18 They all unanimously started to give excuses. The first one told him, "I have bought some land, and I really need to go see it; please excuse me."
Luke 14:19 Another person said, "I have bought five pairs of oxen and I'm going to try them out. Please excuse me."
Luke 14:20 Someone else said, "I just got married, so I can't come."
Luke 14:21 The servant went and told his master what happened. The master, angry, said to his servant, "Go fast into the city streets and paths, and bring here the poor, the injured, the lame, and the blind."
Luke 14:22 The servant said, "Master, I did what you told me, and there's still space left."
Luke 14:23 God told the servant, "Go out to the roads and fences, and make them come in, so my house will be full."
Luke 14:24 I tell you, none of those men invited will enjoy my dinner.
Luke 14:25 Lots of people followed him: then he turned around and spoke to them.
Luke 14:26 If anyone comes to me and does not put aside love for their father, mother, spouse, children, siblings, and even their own life, they cannot be my student.
Luke 14:27 Whoever does not carry their own cross and follow me cannot be my disciple.
Luke 14:28 Which one of you, planning to build a tower, doesn't first sit down and figure out the cost to see if you have enough money to complete it?
Luke 14:29 So that if he lays the foundation and can't finish the building, everyone who sees it will make fun of him.
Luke 14:30 He said, "This person started to build but couldn't finish it."
Luke 14:31 What king, about to fight another king, doesn't sit first and think if he can face an army of twenty thousand with his ten thousand?
Luke 14:32 Otherwise, while the other is still far away, he sends messengers and asks for terms of peace.
Luke 14:33 Just as well, anyone of you who does not give up everything they have cannot be my follower.
Luke 14:34 Salt is good, but if salt loses its taste, how can it be made salty again?
Luke 14:35 It's not good for the soil or the manure pile; it's just thrown away. If someone can listen, they should listen.

Luke 15:1 All the tax collectors and sinners came close to listen to him.
Luke 15:2 The Pharisees and teachers complained, "This man welcomes sinners and eats with them."
Luke 15:3 He told them this story:
Luke 15:4 Which one of you, if you have a hundred sheep and one gets lost, wouldn't leave the ninety-nine in the open country and go search for the lost one until you find it?
Luke 15:5 When he finds it, he puts it on his shoulders, happy.
Luke 15:6 When he gets home, he invites his friends and neighbors over and says to them, "Be happy with me because I found my lost sheep."
Luke 15:7 I tell you, there will be more joy in heaven for one sinner who turns from their wrong ways than for ninety-nine good people who don't need to change.
Luke 15:8 If a woman has ten silver coins and loses one, doesn't she light a lamp, clean the house, and look carefully until she finds it?
Luke 15:9 When she finds it, she calls her friends and neighbors and says, "Be happy with me; I've found the coin I lost."
Luke 15:10 I tell you, there is happiness among God's angels when one sinner decides to change their ways.
Luke 15:11 He said, "A man had two sons."
Luke 15:12 The younger son said to his father, "Father, give me my share of the property." So the father divided his wealth between them.
Luke 15:13 Soon after, the younger son collected all he had, traveled to a distant land, and there squandered his wealth with wild living.
Luke 15:14 After he spent everything, a great famine hit that country, and he started to need things.
Luke 15:15 He went and worked for a local person, and that person sent him to his fields to take care of pigs.
Luke 15:16 He really wanted to fill his stomach with the pods that the pigs were eating, but no one gave him any.
Luke 15:17 When he realized his situation, he said, "My father's workers have more than enough bread, while I am starving!"
Luke 15:18 I will get up and go to my father, and will say to him, Father, I've done wrong against heaven and in your sight.
Luke 15:19 I am not worthy to be called your son; treat me like one of your paid workers.
Luke 15:20 He got up and went to his father. When he was still far away, his father saw him, felt sorry for him, ran to him, hugged him, and kissed him.
Luke 15:21 The son said to him, "Father, I have done wrong against heaven and before you, and I am no longer good enough to be called your son."
Luke 15:22 But the father told his servants, Get the best coat and put it on him; and put a ring on his finger, and shoes on his feet.
Luke 15:23 Bring the fat calf here, kill it, let's eat, and be happy.
Luke 15:24 My son was gone, and now he's back to life; he was lost, and now he's found. And they started to celebrate.
Luke 15:25 His older son was out in the fields. As he approached the house, he heard music and dancing.
Luke 15:26 He asked one of the workers what was happening.
Luke 15:27 He told him, "Your brother has come back, and your father has slaughtered the fattened calf because he got him back healthy and well."
Luke 15:28 He was angry and refused to go in, so his father came out and pleaded with him.
Luke 15:29 He replied to his father, "Look, I have served you for many years and never disobeyed your orders, yet you never gave me a goat to enjoy with my friends.
Luke 15:30 But when this son of yours came back, who wasted your money with prostitutes, you prepared a feast for him with the best calf.
Luke 15:31 He said to him, "Son, you are always with me, and everything I have is yours."
Luke 15:32 It was right for us to celebrate and be happy: because your brother was dead, and now he is alive; he was lost, and now he is found.

Luke 16:1 He also told his disciples, "There was a rich man who had a manager accused of wasting his property."
Luke 16:2 He called him and asked, "Why am I hearing these things about you? Explain your management because you might not be the manager anymore."
Luke 16:3 The manager thought to himself, "What should I do? My master is taking away my job. I can't dig, and I'm too ashamed to beg."
Luke 16:4 I have decided what to do so that when I lose my job, people will welcome me into their homes.
Luke 16:5 He called each of his boss's debtors and asked the first one, "How much do you owe my boss?"
Luke 16:6 He said, "A hundred barrels of oil." Then he told him, "Take your bill, sit down fast, and write fifty."
Luke 16:7 Then he asked another, "How much do you owe?" And he replied, "A hundred measures of wheat." So he told him, "Take your bill and write eighty."
Luke 16:8 God praised the unfair manager, because he acted smartly: for the people of this world are smarter in their own time than the people of light.
Luke 16:9 I tell you, use your wealth to make friends for yourselves, so that when it's gone, they will welcome you into eternal homes.
Luke 16:10 Someone faithful in small things is also faithful in big things; and someone unfair in small things is also unfair in big things.
Luke 16:11 So if you have not been reliable with dishonest wealth, who will trust you with true riches?
Luke 16:12 If you have not been trustworthy with someone else's property, who will give you property of your own?
Luke 16:13 A worker can't work for two bosses: he will hate one and like the other, or be loyal to one and not care for the other. You can't work for God and money at the same time.
Luke 16:14 The Pharisees, who loved money, heard all he said and made fun of him.
Luke 16:15 He told them, "You try to show people you are right, but God knows your hearts. What people value highly is disgusting to God."
Luke 16:16 Before John, there were the law and the prophets; now the kingdom of God is taught, and everyone is trying to enter it.
Luke 16:17 It is simpler for heaven and earth to disappear than for the smallest part of God's law to be wrong.
Luke 16:18 Anyone who divorces his wife and marries someone else is unfaithful, and anyone who marries a woman divorced from her husband is unfaithful.
Luke 16:19 There was a rich man who wore purple and fine linen and lived in luxury every day.
Luke 16:20 A poor man named Lazarus, who was covered in sores, was placed at his gate.
Luke 16:21 He wanted to eat the crumbs that fell from the rich man's table. Even dogs came and licked his wounds.
Luke 16:22 The poor man died and the angels took him to be with Abraham. The rich man also died and was buried.
Luke 16:23 In hell, he opened his eyes, suffering in pain, and saw Abraham far away with Lazarus close to him.
Luke 16:24 He called out, "Father Abraham, please have pity on me. Send Lazarus to dip his finger in water and cool my tongue, because I am suffering in this fire."
Luke 16:25 Abraham said, "Son, remember that you had good things in your life, and Lazarus had bad things. But now he is comforted, and you are suffering."
Luke 16:26 Moreover, there is a big gap between us and you: so those who want to go from here to you can't, nor can anyone cross over to us from there.
Luke 16:27 He then said, "Please, father, send him to my father's house."
Luke 16:28 I have five brothers; he should warn them, so they won't come to this place of suffering.
Luke 16:29 Abraham says to him, "They have Moses and the prophets; they should listen to them."
Luke 16:30 And he said, "No, Father Abraham. But if someone from the dead goes to them, they will change their ways."
Luke 16:31 He told him, "If they don't listen to Moses and the prophets, they won't be convinced even if someone rises from the dead."

Luke 17:1 He told his followers, "It's impossible to avoid problems, but bad things will happen to the person who causes them!"
Luke 17:2 It would be better for him to have a heavy stone tied around his neck and to be thrown into the sea than to hurt one of these little ones.
Luke 17:3 Be careful with yourselves: If your brother does wrong to you, correct him; and if he is sorry, forgive him.
Luke 17:4 If he wrongs you seven times in a day, and seven times he comes back to you and says, 'I am sorry,' you must forgive him.
Luke 17:5 The apostles said to God, "Make our faith grow."
Luke 17:6 And God said, "If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you could tell this mulberry tree, 'Be pulled out by the roots and planted in the sea,' and it would listen to you."
Luke 17:7 Which of you, if you have a servant plowing or taking care of the animals, will tell him as soon as he comes in from the field, 'Go and sit down to eat'?
Luke 17:8 Won't you instead tell him, 'Prepare my dinner, put on your apron, and serve me while I eat and drink; after that, you can eat and drink'?
Luke 17:9 Does he thank the servant for doing what was commanded? I don't think so.
Luke 17:10 In the same way, when you have done everything you were told to do, say, 'We are servants who have not earned any favor; we have only done our duty.'
Luke 17:11 As he was going to Jerusalem, he went through the middle of Samaria and Galilee.
Luke 17:12 As he went into a village, ten men with leprosy met him and stood at a distance.
Luke 17:13 They raised their voices and said, "Jesus, Teacher, please help us."
Luke 17:14 When he saw them, he told them, "Go show yourselves to the priests." As they went, they were healed.
Luke 17:15 When one of them saw he was healed, he came back praising God loudly.
Luke 17:16 He fell with his face to the ground at Jesus' feet, thanking him, and he was a Samaritan.
Luke 17:17 Jesus replied, "Weren't ten people cleansed? But where are the other nine?"
Luke 17:18 No one else came back to thank God, only this foreigner.
Luke 17:19 He said to him, "Get up, go on your way; your faith has healed you."
Luke 17:20 When the Pharisees asked him when God's kingdom would come, he replied, "God's kingdom doesn't come in a way you can see it."
Luke 17:21 No one will say, 'Look here!' or 'Look there!' because God's kingdom is inside you.
Luke 17:22 He told the disciples, "A time will come when you'll want to see just one of the days of the Son of man, but you won't be able to."
Luke 17:23 People might tell you, 'Look here!' or 'Look there!' Don't go or follow them.
Luke 17:24 Just like lightning that flashes from one part of the sky and shines to the other part, so will the Son of Man be on his day.
Luke 17:25 First, he must go through a lot and be rejected by this generation.
Luke 17:26 Just like in Noah's time, it will also be in the days of the Son of Man.
Luke 17:27 They ate, they drank, they got married, they were given for marriage, until the day Noah went into the ark, and the flood came and wiped them all out.
Luke 17:28 Just like in Lot's time, people ate, drank, bought, sold, farmed, and built.
Luke 17:29 On the day Lot left Sodom, fire and sulfur rained from the sky and destroyed everyone.
Luke 17:30 It will be the same on the day when the Son of man is shown.
Luke 17:31 On that day, if someone is on the rooftop and their belongings are inside, they should not go down to get them. And if someone is in the field, they should not go back either.
Luke 17:32 Remember Lot's wife.
Luke 17:33 Anyone trying to save their life will lose it, and anyone who loses their life will keep it.
Luke 17:34 I tell you, that night two men will be in one bed; one will be taken, and the other will be left.
Luke 17:35 Two women will be grinding grain together; one will be taken, and the other left behind.
Luke 17:36 Two people will be in the field; one will be taken, and the other will be left behind.
Luke 17:37 They replied, "Where, Lord?" He said to them, "Wherever there is a dead body, that's where the eagles will gather."

Luke 18:1 He told them a story to show that they should always pray and never give up.
Luke 18:2 Someone said, "In a city, there was a judge who did not fear God or care about people."
Luke 18:3 In that city, there was a widow; she approached him and said, "Get justice for me from my opponent."
Luke 18:4 He didn't want to for some time, but later he thought, "Even though I don't fear God or care about people;
Luke 18:5 Since this widow keeps bothering me, I will help her so she won't keep coming and wear me out.
Luke 18:6 God said, "Listen to what the unfair judge says."
Luke 18:7 Won't God protect his chosen ones who cry out to him day and night, even though he is patient with them?
Luke 18:8 I tell you, God will quickly make things right for them. But when the Son of Man comes, will he find people with faith on the earth?
Luke 18:9 He told this story to some who were sure they were good people and looked down on everyone else:
Luke 18:10 Two men went to the temple to pray; one was a Pharisee, and the other was a tax collector.
Luke 18:11 The Pharisee stood up and prayed quietly to himself, 'God, I am thankful that I am not like other people—cheaters, unjust, unfaithful in marriage, or even like this tax collector.
Luke 18:12 I skip eating twice a week, I give part of everything I have.
Luke 18:13 The tax collector stood at a distance, wouldn't even look up to heaven, but hit his chest and said, "God, have mercy on me, a sinner."
Luke 18:14 I tell you, this man went home right with God rather than the other: for everyone who lifts himself up will be put down, and he who lowers himself will be lifted up.
Luke 18:15 They also brought babies to him, so he could touch them. But when his followers saw this, they told them off.
Luke 18:16 Jesus called them to him and said, "Let little children come to me, and don't stop them: for God's kingdom belongs to ones like these."
Luke 18:17 I tell you the truth, anyone who doesn't accept God's kingdom like a little child will never enter it.
Luke 18:18 A leader asked him, "Good Teacher, what must I do to have eternal life?"
Luke 18:19 Jesus asked him, "Why do you call me good? No one is good except God."
Luke 18:20 You know the commands: Don't cheat in marriage, don't kill, don't steal, don't lie about others, respect your father and mother.
Luke 18:21 He said, "I have followed all these since I was young."
Luke 18:22 When Jesus heard this, he told him, "You still need one thing: sell everything you own, give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come and follow me."
Luke 18:23 When he heard this, he became very sad because he was very rich.
Luke 18:24 When Jesus saw how sad the man was, he said, "It's really hard for rich people to get into God's kingdom!"
Luke 18:25 It is easier for a camel to pass through the hole of a needle than for a rich person to enter God's kingdom.
Luke 18:26 Those who heard this asked, "Then who can be saved?"
Luke 18:27 He said, What is impossible for people is possible with God.
Luke 18:28 Then Peter said, "Look, we have left everything and followed you."
Luke 18:29 He told them, "Truly, I tell you, no one who has left home, parents, brothers, wife, or children for God's kingdom,
Luke 18:30 Who will not get much more in this time, and in the future eternal life.
Luke 18:31 He gathered the twelve disciples and said to them, "Look, we're going to Jerusalem, and everything the prophets wrote about the Son of Man will happen."
Luke 18:32 He will be handed over to non-Jews, laughed at, badly treated, and spit on.
Luke 18:33 They will whip him, kill him, and on the third day, he will rise again.
Luke 18:34 They did not understand any of these things; the meaning was hidden from them, and they did not know what was said.
Luke 18:35 As he approached Jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road, begging.
Luke 18:36 Hearing the crowd go by, he asked what it was about.
Luke 18:37 They told him that Jesus from Nazareth is passing by.
Luke 18:38 He shouted, "Jesus, son of David, please be kind to me."
Luke 18:39 The people in front told him to be quiet, but he shouted even louder, "Son of David, have mercy on me."
Luke 18:40 Jesus stood up and ordered that the man be brought to him. When the man came close, Jesus asked him.
Luke 18:41 Asking, "What do you want me to do for you?" He replied, "Sir, I want to see again."
Luke 18:42 Jesus said to him, "Get your sight back; your faith has healed you."
Luke 18:43 Right away he could see, and he followed him, praising God; and when all the people saw this, they also praised God.

Luke 19:1 Jesus went into Jericho and passed through it.
Luke 19:2 Look, there was a man called Zacchaeus, who was the top tax collector, and he was wealthy.
Luke 19:3 He wanted to see who Jesus was but couldn't because of the crowd and because he was short.
Luke 19:4 He ran ahead and climbed a fig tree to see him, because Jesus was going to pass that way.
Luke 19:5 When Jesus reached the spot, he looked up, saw Zacchaeus, and said, "Hurry and come down, Zacchaeus; I need to stay at your house today."
Luke 19:6 He hurried, came down, and welcomed him happily.
Luke 19:7 When they saw this, everyone complained, saying, "He has gone to stay with a man who is a sinner."
Luke 19:8 Zacchaeus stood up and said to the Lord, "Look, Lord, I give half of what I own to the poor, and if I have cheated anyone, I will pay back four times as much."
Luke 19:9 Jesus told him, "Today, salvation has come to this house, because he too is a descendant of Abraham."
Luke 19:10 The Son of Man has come to look for and save what was lost.
Luke 19:11 As they listened, he told them a story because he was close to Jerusalem and they believed that God's kingdom would soon start.
Luke 19:12 He therefore said, "A nobleman went to a distant country to get a kingdom for himself, and then come back."
Luke 19:13 He called his ten workers, gave them ten pounds each, and said to them, "Work with this until I return."
Luke 19:14 His people hated him and sent a message behind him, saying, "We don't want this man to rule over us."
Luke 19:15 When he returned after receiving the kingdom, he asked the servants he had given money to come to him, so he could find out how much each one had earned from trading.
Luke 19:16 The first one came and said, "Master, your money has earned ten more."
Luke 19:17 He said to him, "Good job, you good servant. Since you were loyal with a little, you will be in charge of ten cities."
Luke 19:18 The second one came and said, "Master, your money has earned five more."
Luke 19:19 He also said to him, "You will be in charge of five cities."
Luke 19:20 Another person came and said, 'Sir, look, here is your money, which I kept wrapped in a cloth.'
Luke 19:21 I was afraid of you, because you are a strict man. You take what you didn't leave, and you harvest what you didn't plant.
Luke 19:22 He said to him, "I will judge you by your own words, you bad servant. You knew that I am a strict man, collecting what I didn't deposit, and gathering what I didn't plant."
Luke 19:23 Why didn't you put my money in the bank so I could have collected it with interest when I returned?
Luke 19:24 He told those standing there, "Take the pound from him and give it to the one who has ten pounds."
Luke 19:25 They said to him, "Master, he has ten coins."
Luke 19:26 I tell you, whoever has something will get more; whoever has nothing, even what they have will be taken away.
Luke 19:27 Bring my enemies, who didn't want me to be their ruler, here and kill them in front of me.
Luke 19:28 After he said this, he went ahead, going up to Jerusalem.
Luke 19:29 When he got close to Bethphage and Bethany, near the Mount of Olives, he sent two of his followers.
Luke 19:30 Say, go to the village ahead of you; as you enter, you will find a tied colt no one has ever ridden; untie it and bring it here.
Luke 19:31 If anyone asks you why you are untying the animal, tell them, 'God needs it.'
Luke 19:32 The ones sent went and found everything just as he told them.
Luke 19:33 As they untied the colt, its owners asked them, "Why are you untying the colt?"
Luke 19:34 They said, God needs him.
Luke 19:35 They brought him to Jesus, and they threw their clothes on the young donkey and put Jesus on it.
Luke 19:36 As he walked, they laid their clothes on the road.
Luke 19:37 When he got close, just as he was coming down the Mount of Olives, all the followers started to joyfully praise God loudly for all the powerful things they had seen.
Luke 19:38 "Saying, 'God bless the King who comes in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory to the highest.'"
Luke 19:39 Some Pharisees in the crowd said to him, "Teacher, tell your followers to stop."
Luke 19:40 He answered and said to them, "I tell you, if they keep quiet, the stones will cry out right away."
Luke 19:41 When he got close, he saw the city and cried for it.
Luke 19:42 Saying, if you had known, even you, at least on this day, the things that bring you peace! But now they are hidden from your eyes.
Luke 19:43 A time will come when your enemies will surround you with barriers and enclose you from all sides.
Luke 19:44 God will level you to the ground, and your children with you; not one stone will be left on another, because you did not recognize the time when God came to you.
Luke 19:45 He entered the temple and started to drive out those who were selling and buying there.
Luke 19:46 He told them, "It is written, 'My house is a house of prayer,' but you have turned it into a hideout for thieves."
Luke 19:47 He taught every day in the temple. But the religious leaders, the teachers of the law, and the important people wanted to kill him.
Luke 19:48 They didn't know what to do because all the people were listening carefully to him.

Luke 20:1 One day, while he was teaching the people in the temple and sharing the good news, the chief priests, the scribes, and the elders approached him.
Luke 20:2 He spoke to him, asking, "Tell us, by what authority do you do these things? Or who gave you this authority?"
Luke 20:3 He replied and said to them, "I will ask you one thing too; answer me:"
Luke 20:4 Did John's baptism come from God or from people?
Luke 20:5 They thought to themselves, "If we say, 'From God,' he will ask, 'Then why didn't you believe him?'"
Luke 20:6 But if we say, 'From people,' everyone will stone us because they are convinced John was a prophet.
Luke 20:7 They replied that they did not know where it came from.
Luke 20:8 Jesus said to them, "I won't tell you by what authority I do these things."
Luke 20:9 He started to tell the people this story: A man planted a vineyard, rented it to farmers, and went away for a long time.
Luke 20:10 During the right time, he sent a worker to the farmers, asking for some of the vineyard's fruit; but the farmers beat him and sent him back with nothing.
Luke 20:11 He sent another servant, but they also beat him, treated him badly, and sent him away with nothing.
Luke 20:12 He sent another servant, but they hurt this one too and threw him out.
Luke 20:13 Then the owner of the vineyard said, "What should I do? I will send my beloved son; maybe they will respect him when they see him."
Luke 20:14 When the farmers saw him, they talked to each other and said, "This is the heir. Let's kill him so we can have his inheritance."
Luke 20:15 They threw him out of the vineyard and killed him. So, what will the owner of the vineyard do to them?
Luke 20:16 He will come and get rid of those farmers, and he will give the vineyard to others. When they heard this, they said, "May God not let that happen."
Luke 20:17 He looked at them and asked, "What does this mean that is written, 'The stone that the builders did not want has become the most important cornerstone'?"
Luke 20:18 Anyone who falls on that stone will break; but if it falls on someone, it will crush that person to dust.
Luke 20:19 The religious leaders and teachers wanted to arrest Jesus right away, but they were scared of the crowd because they knew he told this story about them.
Luke 20:20 They kept an eye on him and sent out spies pretending to be good men to catch his words, so they could hand him over to the governor's control.
Luke 20:21 They asked him, "Teacher, we know you speak and teach what is right, and you don't favor anyone, but teach God's way truthfully."
Luke 20:22 Is it right for us to pay taxes to Caesar or not?
Luke 20:23 He saw their trickery and asked them, "Why are you testing me?"
Luke 20:24 Show me a coin. Whose picture and inscription are on it? They replied, "Caesar's."
Luke 20:25 He told them, "Give back to the ruler what belongs to the ruler, and give to God what belongs to God."
Luke 20:26 They couldn't catch him in his words before everyone; they were amazed at his reply and kept quiet.
Luke 20:27 Some Sadducees, who say there's no resurrection, came to him and asked him a question.
Luke 20:28 Teacher, Moses told us, if a man dies and has a wife but no children, his brother should marry the widow and have children for his brother.
Luke 20:29 So there were seven brothers. The first married but died without having any kids.
Luke 20:30 The second one married her, and he died without having children.
Luke 20:31 The third brother married her; and the same happened with all seven brothers: they had no children and then passed away.
Luke 20:32 Finally, the woman died too.
Luke 20:33 So in the resurrection, whose wife will she be? All seven were married to her.
Luke 20:34 Jesus replied, "People in this world get married and are married off."
Luke 20:35 But those who are considered worthy to be part of that world and to be raised from the dead will neither marry nor be married off.
Luke 20:36 They cannot die anymore because they are like the angels and are God's children, as they belong to the resurrection.
Luke 20:37 Now that the dead are raised, Moses showed at the bush, when he called God the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
Luke 20:38 He is not a God of the dead, but of the living; everyone lives for him.
Luke 20:39 Some teachers of the law replied, "Teacher, you have spoken well."
Luke 20:40 After that, they did not dare to ask him any more questions.
Luke 20:41 He asked them, "Why do people say the Christ is David's son?"
Luke 20:42 David himself says in the book of Psalms, "God said to my lord, 'Sit at my right side,'"
Luke 20:43 Until I make your enemies a place to rest your feet.
Luke 20:44 David calls him Lord, so how can he be his son?
Luke 20:45 In front of everyone, he spoke to his disciples,
Luke 20:46 Be careful of the teachers of the law who like to wear long robes and enjoy being greeted in the marketplaces, having the best seats in the synagogues, and the places of honor at banquets.
Luke 20:47 They cheat widows out of their homes and pretend to be pious by making long prayers. These people will be punished more severely.

Luke 21:1 He looked up and saw the wealthy people putting their gifts into the treasury.
Luke 21:2 He also saw a poor widow put in two small coins.
Luke 21:3 He said, "Truly I tell you, this poor widow has given more than everyone else."
Luke 21:4 All these people gave from their wealth to God's offerings, but she, in her poverty, gave all she had to live on.
Luke 21:5 As some talked about the temple, how it was decorated with beautiful stones and offerings, he said.
Luke 21:6 Look at these things you see, a time will come when not one stone will be left on another; each one will be knocked down.
Luke 21:7 They asked him, "Teacher, when will these things happen, and what sign will there be when these things are about to take place?"
Luke 21:8 He said, "Be careful not to be fooled. Many will come saying 'I am the Christ,' and will tell you the time is close. Do not follow them."
Luke 21:9 When you hear about wars and turmoil, don't be afraid; these things must happen first, but it doesn't mean the end is right away.
Luke 21:10 He told them, "Nation will fight against nation, and kingdom against kingdom."
Luke 21:11 Big earthquakes will happen in different places, along with famines and diseases; and there will be scary things and big signs from the sky.
Luke 21:12 Before these things happen, people will capture you and mistreat you. They will take you to religious places and jails, and you will stand before leaders and authorities because of me.
Luke 21:13 It will become a witness for you.
Luke 21:14 Decide in your hearts not to worry beforehand about what to say in your defense.
Luke 21:15 I will give you words and wisdom that none of your enemies will be able to oppose or reject.
Luke 21:16 You will be betrayed by your parents, brothers, relatives, and friends; some of you will even be killed.
Luke 21:17 Everyone will hate you because of me.
Luke 21:18 Not one hair on your head will be lost.
Luke 21:19 Be patient and keep control of yourselves.
Luke 21:20 When you see armies surrounding Jerusalem, know that its ruin is near.
Luke 21:21 Those in Judea should run to the mountains; those in the city should leave; and those in the countryside should not go into the city.
Luke 21:22 These are the days of revenge when everything written will come true.
Luke 21:23 But trouble will come to pregnant women and nursing mothers in those days, for there will be great trouble in the country and anger against these people.
Luke 21:24 They will be killed by the sword and taken as prisoners to all nations. Jerusalem will be trampled on by foreigners until the period of the foreigners is complete.
Luke 21:25 There will be signs in the sun, moon, and stars; on earth, nations will be in distress and confused; the sea and its waves will roar.
Luke 21:26 People will faint from fear and worry about what is coming upon the world, because the powers of the skies will be disturbed.
Luke 21:27 Then they will see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.
Luke 21:28 When these events start happening, look up and raise your heads because your rescue is near.
Luke 21:29 He told them a story: Look at the fig tree and all the other trees.
Luke 21:30 When they start growing, you see and understand by yourselves that summer is almost here.
Luke 21:31 In the same way, when you see these things happening, know that God's kingdom is very close.
Luke 21:32 I truly tell you, this group of people will not disappear until everything happens.
Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear.
Luke 21:34 Be careful not to let your hearts get weighed down with excess, drunkenness, and the worries of life, so that day won't catch you by surprise.
Luke 21:35 It will come like a trap on everyone living on the entire earth.
Luke 21:36 Stay alert and pray at all times so that you may be considered worthy to avoid all these things that will happen, and to stand before the Son of Man.
Luke 21:37 During the day, he taught in the temple, and at night, he left and stayed on the hill known as the Mount of Olives.
Luke 21:38 All the people came early in the morning to the temple to hear him.

Luke 22:1 The time for the Feast of Unleavened Bread, also known as Passover, was near.
Luke 22:2 The high priests and teachers of the law wanted to find a way to kill him; they were afraid of the people.
Luke 22:3 Satan entered into Judas, known as Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples.
Luke 22:4 He went and talked with the chief priests and officers about how he could hand him over to them.
Luke 22:5 They were happy and agreed to pay him money.
Luke 22:6 He promised and looked for a chance to hand him over to them when the crowd was not around.
Luke 22:7 The day came for the bread without yeast when it was time for the Passover lamb to be sacrificed.
Luke 22:8 He sent Peter and John, telling them, "Go and get the Passover ready for us to eat."
Luke 22:9 They asked him, "Where do you want us to prepare?"
Luke 22:10 He told them, "Look, when you go into the city, a man carrying a water jar will meet you; follow him into the house he enters."
Luke 22:11 You will tell the owner of the house, 'The Teacher asks you, where is the guest room where I can eat the Passover meal with my followers?'
Luke 22:12 He will show you a big room upstairs that's ready: prepare there.
Luke 22:13 They went and found everything just as he had told them, and they prepared the Passover meal.
Luke 22:14 When the time came, he sat down with the twelve apostles.
Luke 22:15 He said to them, "I have really wanted to eat this Passover meal with you before I go through hard times."
Luke 22:16 I tell you, I won't eat it again until it comes true in God's kingdom.
Luke 22:17 He took the cup, thanked God, and said, "Take this and share it among you."
Luke 22:18 I tell you, I won't drink from the grapevine until God's kingdom comes.
Luke 22:19 He took bread, thanked God, broke it, and gave it to them, saying, "This is my body given for you; do this to remember me."
Luke 22:20 After supper, Jesus took the cup and said, "This cup represents the new agreement in my blood, poured out for you."
Luke 22:21 Look, the hand of the one who will betray me is with mine on the table.
Luke 22:22 Truly, the Son of Man will go as planned, but how terrible it will be for the man who betrays him!
Luke 22:23 They started to ask each other which one of them would do this.
Luke 22:24 There was also an argument among them about who should be considered the greatest.
Luke 22:25 He told them, "The rulers of the nations rule over them, and those with power over the people are called good leaders."
Luke 22:26 But you must not be like that: instead, whoever is the greatest among you should be like the youngest, and whoever leads should be like someone who serves.
Luke 22:27 Who is more important, the one who sits and eats, or the one who serves? Isn't it the one who sits and eats? But I am with you as one who serves.
Luke 22:28 You are those who have stayed with me through my trials.
Luke 22:29 I give you a kingdom, just as my Father has given one to me.
Luke 22:30 You may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones to judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
Luke 22:31 God said, "Simon, Simon, listen, Satan wants to take you, to shake you like wheat."
Luke 22:32 I have prayed for you that your faith will not fail; and when you turn back, help your brothers be strong.
Luke 22:33 He said to him, "Master, I am ready to follow you, even to jail and to death."
Luke 22:34 He said, "I tell you, Peter, before the rooster crows today, you will deny three times that you know me."
Luke 22:35 He asked them, "When I sent you without money, bag, or sandals, did you need anything?" And they answered, "No."
Luke 22:36 He then told them, "But now, if you have a purse, take it, and your bag too; if you don't have a sword, sell your clothes to buy one."
Luke 22:37 I tell you that what is written must happen to me. I must be counted among the wrongdoers, for what is said about me is coming to an end.
Luke 22:38 And they said, "Master, look, here are two swords." And he replied, "That's enough."
Luke 22:39 He came out and went to the Mount of Olives, as he usually did, and his disciples followed him.
Luke 22:40 When he was there, he told them, "Pray so you won't give in to temptation."
Luke 22:41 He moved away from them about as far as you can throw a stone, kneeled down, and prayed.
Luke 22:42 Father, if you are willing, take this cup away from me: but let your will, not mine, be done.
Luke 22:43 An angel from heaven appeared to him, giving him strength.
Luke 22:44 Feeling very troubled, he prayed even harder, and his sweat was like big drops of blood falling to the ground.
Luke 22:45 After praying, he went to his disciples and saw they were asleep because they were sad.
Luke 22:46 He asked them, "Why are you sleeping? Get up and pray so you don't give in to temptation."
Luke 22:47 While he was still talking, a crowd appeared, and Judas, one of the twelve, led them to Jesus to kiss him.
Luke 22:48 But Jesus said to him, "Judas, are you betraying the Son of Man with a kiss?"
Luke 22:49 When the people around him saw what was going to happen, they asked, "Master, should we attack with our swords?"
Luke 22:50 One of them struck the high priest's servant and cut off his right ear.
Luke 22:51 Jesus responded, "Allow this for now." He then touched the man's ear and healed him.
Luke 22:52 Then Jesus said to the chief priests, the temple guards, and the elders who came to him, "Did you come out with swords and clubs as if I were a thief?"
Luke 22:53 When I was with you every day in the temple, you did not try to hurt me. But now is your time, and darkness has power.
Luke 22:54 They took him, led him, and brought him to the high priest's house. Peter followed from a distance.
Luke 22:55 When they made a fire in the middle of the room and sat together, Peter sat with them.
Luke 22:56 A servant girl saw him sitting by the fire, stared at him, and said, "This man was with him too."
Luke 22:57 He denied knowing him, saying, "Woman, I don't know him."
Luke 22:58 After a short time, someone else saw Peter and said, "You are one of them too." But Peter replied, "No, I am not."
Luke 22:59 About an hour later, another person strongly said, "For sure, this man was with him too: because he is from Galilee."
Luke 22:60 Peter said, "I don't know what you're talking about." And right away, as he was still speaking, a rooster crowed.
Luke 22:61 God turned and looked at Peter. Then Peter remembered what God had told him: "Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times."
Luke 22:62 Peter went out and cried a lot.
Luke 22:63 The men who were holding Jesus made fun of him and hit him.
Luke 22:64 After they covered his eyes, they hit him in the face and asked, "Guess who hit you?"
Luke 22:65 They said many other disrespectful things against him.
Luke 22:66 As soon as it was morning, the leaders and the head priests and the teachers of the law met together and took him into their meeting, asking,
Luke 22:67 Are you the Messiah? Tell us. And he said to them, If I tell you, you will not believe.
Luke 22:68 If I ask you too, you won't answer or let me go.
Luke 22:69 From now on, the Son of Man will sit at the right side of God's power.
Luke 22:70 They all asked, "Are you the Son of God?" He answered, "You say that I am."
Luke 22:71 They asked, "Do we need more evidence? We've heard it from his own mouth."

Luke 23:1 The whole crowd got up and took him to Pilate.
Luke 23:2 They started to accuse him, saying, "We caught this man corrupting the nation and telling people not to pay taxes to Caesar, claiming he is Christ, a king."
Luke 23:3 Pilate asked him, "Are you the King of the Jews?" He replied, "You say so."
Luke 23:4 Pilate said to the religious leaders and the people, "I find nothing wrong with this man."
Luke 23:5 They became even angrier, saying, "He causes trouble among the people, teaching all over Judea, starting from Galilee to here."
Luke 23:6 When Pilate heard about Galilee, he asked if the man was from Galilee.
Luke 23:7 As soon as he found out that he was under Herod's authority, he sent him to Herod, who was also in Jerusalem then.
Luke 23:8 When Herod saw Jesus, he was very happy, because he had wanted to see him for a long time after hearing so much about him; he also hoped to see Jesus perform a miracle.
Luke 23:9 He asked him many questions, but he gave no answer.
Luke 23:10 The leading priests and teachers of the law stood and strongly accused him.
Luke 23:11 Herod and his soldiers ignored Jesus, made fun of him, dressed him in a fancy robe, and sent him back to Pilate.
Luke 23:12 On that day, Pilate and Herod became friends; before that, they had been enemies.
Luke 23:13 Pilate gathered the chief priests, leaders, and the people.
Luke 23:14 He said to them, "You have brought this man to me as someone who corrupts the people. But look, I have questioned him in front of you and have found him not guilty of the accusations you make against him."
Luke 23:15 No, not even Herod, because I sent you to him, and look, he has done nothing that deserves death.
Luke 23:16 I will punish him and then let him go.
Luke 23:17 He had to release one prisoner to them during the feast.
Luke 23:18 They all shouted together, "Get rid of this man and free Barabbas for us."
Luke 23:19 He was put in jail for causing a riot in the city and for murder.
Luke 23:20 So Pilate, wanting to let Jesus go, spoke to them again.
Luke 23:21 They shouted, "Crucify him, crucify him."
Luke 23:22 He asked them a third time, "What wrong has he done? I've found no reason to kill him. So, I'll punish him and then release him."
Luke 23:23 They urgently shouted, wanting him to be crucified. And their voices, along with the chief priests', were stronger.
Luke 23:24 Pilate decided to do what they asked.
Luke 23:25 He freed the one they wanted who was in prison for causing trouble and murder, but he handed Jesus over to do what they wished.
Luke 23:26 As they took him away, they grabbed Simon from Cyrene, who was coming from the fields, and gave him the cross to carry behind Jesus.
Luke 23:27 A large crowd followed him, including women who mourned and cried for him.
Luke 23:28 Jesus turned to them and said, "Women of Jerusalem, don't cry for me, but cry for yourselves and your children."
Luke 23:29 Look, the time is coming when people will say, "Happy are those who cannot have children, the wombs that never gave birth, and the breasts that never nursed."
Luke 23:30 Then they will start to tell the mountains, "Fall on us," and to the hills, "Hide us."
Luke 23:31 If this happens to a living tree, what will happen to a dead one?
Luke 23:32 Two other criminals were also led with him to be executed.
Luke 23:33 When they reached the place known as Calvary, they nailed him to the cross along with the criminals, one on his right and the other on his left.
Luke 23:34 Jesus said, "Father, forgive them, because they don't know what they're doing." They shared out his clothes by throwing dice.
Luke 23:35 The people watched. The leaders mocked him, saying, "He saved others; let him save himself if he is the Messiah, the one chosen by God."
Luke 23:36 The soldiers also made fun of him, went up to him, and gave him vinegar.
Luke 23:37 They said, "If you are the king of the Jews, save yourself."
Luke 23:38 A sign was also put above him with the words in Greek, Latin, and Hebrew, "This is the King of the Jews."
Luke 23:39 One of the criminals hanging beside Jesus insulted him, saying, "If you are the Christ, save yourself and us."
Luke 23:40 But the other one scolded him, saying, "Don't you respect God since you are also being punished the same way?"
Luke 23:41 We are punished fairly, for we are getting what our actions deserve; but this man has done nothing wrong.
Luke 23:42 He told Jesus, "Remember me when you come into your kingdom."
Luke 23:43 Jesus said to him, "I tell you the truth, today you will be with me in paradise."
Luke 23:44 It was around noon, and darkness covered the whole earth until about three in the afternoon.
Luke 23:45 The sun turned dark, and the temple's curtain ripped down the middle.
Luke 23:46 When Jesus shouted loudly, he said, "Father, I give my spirit to you." After saying this, he died.
Luke 23:47 When the army officer saw what happened, he praised God, saying, "This man was truly good."
Luke 23:48 All the people who gathered to see what happened beat their chests and then went away.
Luke 23:49 All his friends and the women who had followed him from Galilee stood at a distance watching these things.
Luke 23:50 Look, there was a man named Joseph, who was a counselor; he was good and fair.
Luke 23:51 He did not agree with their plan and action; he came from Arimathaea, a Jewish city, and he also waited for God's kingdom.
Luke 23:52 This man went to Pilate and asked for Jesus' body.
Luke 23:53 He took the body down, wrapped it in cloth, and placed it in a tomb cut out of rock where no one had ever been laid before.
Luke 23:54 That day was for getting ready, and the Sabbath was about to start.
Luke 23:55 The women who had come with him from Galilee followed and saw the tomb and how his body was placed.
Luke 23:56 They went back and got spices and ointments ready. Then they rested on the Sabbath day, as the rule said.

Luke 24:1 On the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they went to the tomb with the spices they had made, and some others were with them.
Luke 24:2 They saw that the stone was moved from the tomb's entrance.
Luke 24:3 They went in and did not find the body of Jesus.
Luke 24:4 While they were very confused about this, suddenly two men in bright clothes stood beside them.
Luke 24:5 As they were scared and looked down at the ground, they asked them, "Why are you looking for the living among the dead?"
Luke 24:6 He is not here; he has risen. Remember what he told you when he was still in Galilee.
Luke 24:7 The Son of Man must be handed over to sinners, be crucified, and rise on the third day.
Luke 24:8 They remembered what he said.
Luke 24:9 They came back from the tomb and told everything to the eleven disciples and to all the others.
Luke 24:10 Mary Magdalene, Joanna, Mary the mother of James, and other women with them told the apostles these things.
Luke 24:11 What they said sounded like nonsense, and they did not believe it.
Luke 24:12 Peter got up and ran to the tomb; bending over, he saw the linen wrappings lying alone, and he left, amazed at what had happened.
Luke 24:13 Two of them went to a village named Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem, that day.
Luke 24:14 They talked about all these things that had happened.
Luke 24:15 While they were talking and discussing, Jesus himself came close and walked along with them.
Luke 24:16 But they could not recognize him because their eyes were prevented.
Luke 24:17 He asked them, "What are you discussing so intently as you walk along, looking so sad?"
Luke 24:18 One of them, named Cleopas, replied, "Are you the only visitor to Jerusalem who doesn't know the things that have happened here these days?"
Luke 24:19 He asked them, "What things?" They answered, "About Jesus from Nazareth, who was a powerful prophet in actions and words before God and all the people."
Luke 24:20 The leading priests and our leaders handed him over to be sentenced to death and crucified him.
Luke 24:21 We hoped he was the one to save Israel, and what's more, today is the third day since this all happened.
Luke 24:22 Yes, some women from our group also surprised us; they were at the tomb early in the morning.
Luke 24:23 When they did not find his body, they came back saying they had seen a vision of angels who told them he was alive.
Luke 24:24 Some of us went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said, but we did not see him.
Luke 24:25 Then he told them, "You are foolish and slow to trust what the prophets have said:"
Luke 24:26 Shouldn't Christ have suffered these things and entered into his glory?
Luke 24:27 Starting with Moses and all the prophets, he explained to them what was said about himself in all the Scriptures.
Luke 24:28 They got close to the village where they were headed, and it seemed like he wanted to keep going.
Luke 24:29 But they urged him, saying, "Stay with us, because it is almost night, and the day is almost over." So he went in to stay with them.
Luke 24:30 While he was eating with them, he took bread, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to them.
Luke 24:31 Their eyes were opened, and they recognized him; then he disappeared from their sight.
Luke 24:32 They said to each other, "Didn't our hearts feel warm as he talked to us on the road and explained the scriptures to us?"
Luke 24:33 They got up that same hour, went back to Jerusalem, and found the eleven and those with them all together.
Luke 24:34 They said, "The Lord has really risen and has shown himself to Simon."
Luke 24:35 They shared what happened on the road and how they recognized him when he broke the bread.
Luke 24:36 While they were talking, Jesus himself appeared among them and said to them, "Peace to you."
Luke 24:37 They were very scared and thought they had seen a ghost.
Luke 24:38 He asked them, "Why are you worried? And why do you have doubts in your hearts?"
Luke 24:39 Look at my hands and my feet, it's really me. Touch me and see; a spirit doesn't have flesh and bones like you see I have.
Luke 24:40 After saying this, he showed them his hands and feet.
Luke 24:41 While they still couldn't believe because of their happiness, and were amazed, he asked them, "Do you have any food?"
Luke 24:42 They gave him some cooked fish and honeycomb.
Luke 24:43 He took it and ate it in front of them.
Luke 24:44 He told them, "These are the words I told you when I was still with you: everything written about me in Moses' law, the prophets, and the psalms must come true."
Luke 24:45 He opened their minds so they could understand the scriptures.
Luke 24:46 He told them, "It is written that Christ must suffer and rise from the dead on the third day."
Luke 24:47 People should be taught to change their ways and be forgiven for their sins in his name everywhere, starting from Jerusalem.
Luke 24:48 You are witnesses of these things.
Luke 24:49 Look, I will send you what my Father promised, but stay in the city of Jerusalem until you receive power from above.
Luke 24:50 He led them to Bethany, raised his hands, and blessed them.
Luke 24:51 While he was blessing them, he left them and went up into heaven.
Luke 24:52 They worshiped him and went back to Jerusalem feeling very happy.
Luke 24:53 They were always in the temple, praising and thanking God. Amen.

John 1:1 At the start, the Word existed, the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
John 1:2 He was with God from the start.
John 1:3 God made everything; nothing was made without him.
John 1:4 In him was life, and that life was the light for everyone.
John 1:5 The light shines in the dark, but the dark did not understand it.
John 1:6 God sent a man named John.
John 1:7 He came as a witness to tell about the Light, so that everyone might believe through him.
John 1:8 He was not the Light, but came to testify about the Light.
John 1:9 That was the real Light, giving light to everyone coming into the world.
John 1:10 He was in the world, and he made the world, but the world did not know him.
John 1:11 He came to his own people, but they did not accept him.
John 1:12 But as many as accepted him, to them he gave the right to become God's children, even to those who believe in his name.
John 1:13 They were born, not from human origin or human desire, but from God.
John 1:14 The Word became a human and lived with us, and we saw his glory, the glory of God's one and only Son, full of kindness and truth.
John 1:15 John gave witness about him, shouting, "This is who I was talking about when I said, 'The one who comes after me ranks higher than me because he existed before me.'"
John 1:16 From his fullness, we have all received one blessing after another.
John 1:17 Moses gave the law, but Jesus Christ brought grace and truth.
John 1:18 No one has ever seen God, but the unique Son, who is close to the Father's heart, has made him known.
John 1:19 This is John's testimony when the Jewish leaders sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, "Who are you?"
John 1:20 He admitted and did not deny; he admitted, I am not the Christ.
John 1:21 They asked him, "What then? Are you Elijah?" He said, "I am not. Are you the prophet?" He answered, "No."
John 1:22 They asked him, "Who are you? We need to give an answer to those who sent us. What do you say about yourself?"
John 1:23 He said, "I am someone shouting in the desert, 'Prepare the path for God,' just as the prophet Isaiah said."
John 1:24 The people who were sent came from the Pharisees.
John 1:25 They asked him, "Why do you baptize if you are not the Messiah, Elijah, or the prophet?"
John 1:26 John replied to them, "I baptize with water, but there is someone among you who you do not recognize.
John 1:27 He is the one who comes after me, but is greater than me, and I am not good enough to untie his sandal.
John 1:28 These things happened in Bethabara across the Jordan River, where John was baptizing.
John 1:29 The next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, "Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the world's sin."
John 1:30 This is the person I was talking about. A man comes after me who is more important than I am because he existed before me.
John 1:31 I did not know him, but I came to baptize with water so that he might be shown to Israel.
John 1:32 John testified, saying, "I saw the Spirit come down from heaven like a dove, and it stayed on him."
John 1:33 I did not know him, but the one who sent me to baptize with water told me, 'The person you see the Spirit coming down on and staying with is the one who baptizes with the Holy Spirit.'
John 1:34 I saw and confirmed that this is God's Son.
John 1:35 The next day John was there again with two of his followers.
John 1:36 Seeing Jesus walking, he said, Look, the Lamb of God!
John 1:37 The two followers heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.
John 1:38 Jesus turned around, saw them following, and asked, "What are you looking for?" They answered, "Teacher, where are you staying?"
John 1:39 He said to them, "Come and see." They came and saw where he lived and stayed with him that day; it was about four o'clock in the afternoon.
John 1:40 One of the two people who heard John and followed him was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.
John 1:41 He first finds his brother Simon and tells him, "We have found the Messiah," which means Christ.
John 1:42 He took him to Jesus. When Jesus saw him, he said, "You are Simon, son of Jonah. You will be called Cephas," which means a rock.
John 1:43 The next day Jesus decided to go to Galilee, where he met Philip and said to him, "Follow me."
John 1:44 Philip came from Bethsaida, the hometown of Andrew and Peter.
John 1:45 Philip found Nathanael and told him, "We have found the one Moses in the law, and the prophets wrote about, Jesus from Nazareth, Joseph's son."
John 1:46 Nathanael asked him, "Can anything good come from Nazareth?" Philip answered, "Come and see."
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him and said about him, "Look, a true Israelite, who is not deceitful!"
John 1:48 Nathanael asked him, "How do you know me?" Jesus replied, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you."
John 1:49 Nathanael answered him, "Teacher, you are God's Son; you are the king of Israel."
John 1:50 Jesus replied, "Do you believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree? You will see things even greater than that."
John 1:51 He said to him, "Truly, truly, I tell you, you will see heaven open and God's angels going up and down on the Son of Man."

John 2:1 On the third day, there was a wedding in Cana of Galilee, and Jesus' mother was there.
John 2:2 Jesus and his followers were invited to the wedding.
John 2:3 When they ran out of wine, Jesus' mother told him, "They have no wine."
John 2:4 Jesus said to her, "Woman, why involve me? My time hasn't come yet."
John 2:5 His mother told the servants, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it."
John 2:6 Six stone water jars were placed there, used by the Jews for ritual washing, each holding two or three firkins.
John 2:7 Jesus told them, "Put water in the jars." And they filled them to the top.
John 2:8 He said to them, "Take some out now, and give it to the master of the banquet." So they did.
John 2:9 When the person in charge of the party tasted the water that had turned into wine, without knowing where it came from (though the servants who got the water knew), the leader of the party called the groom.
John 2:10 He said to him, "Everyone first serves the good wine, and when people have had enough to drink, they bring out the cheaper wine. But you have saved the good wine for now."
John 2:11 Jesus did his first miracle in Cana, Galilee, showing his glory; his followers then believed in him.
John 2:12 After this, he went to Capernaum with his mother, brothers, and disciples, and they stayed there for a short time.
John 2:13 The Jewish Passover was coming soon, and Jesus went to Jerusalem.
John 2:14 He found in the temple people selling cattle, sheep, and doves, and money changers sitting down.
John 2:15 He made a whip from cords and chased everyone out of the temple, along with the sheep and cattle. He spilled the money changers' coins and flipped over their tables.
John 2:16 He said to those selling doves, "Take these things away; do not turn my Father's house into a place for selling goods."
John 2:17 His followers remembered the scripture: "Passion for your house consumes me."
John 2:18 The Jews replied to him, "What sign can you show us to prove you have the right to do these things?"
John 2:19 Jesus replied to them, "Tear down this temple, and in three days I will rebuild it."
John 2:20 The Jewish leaders said, "It took forty-six years to build this temple, and you can raise it in three days?"
John 2:21 He was talking about the temple of his body.
John 2:22 So when he had risen from the dead, his followers remembered he had told them this; and they believed the scripture and what Jesus had said.
John 2:23 While he was in Jerusalem during the Passover festival, many people trusted in him because they saw the miracles he performed.
John 2:24 But Jesus didn't trust himself to them because he knew everyone.
John 2:25 He didn't need anyone to tell him about people because he knew what was in everyone.

John 3:1 A Pharisee named Nicodemus was a Jewish leader.
John 3:2 He came to Jesus at night and said, "Teacher, we know you have come from God because no one can do the miracles you do unless God is with him."
John 3:3 Jesus replied, "Truly, I tell you, unless a person is born again, they cannot see God's kingdom."
John 3:4 Nicodemus said to him, "How can an old man be born again? Can he go back into his mother's womb and be born a second time?"
John 3:5 Jesus replied, "Truly, truly, I tell you, unless someone is born of water and the Spirit, they cannot enter God's kingdom."
John 3:6 What comes from the body is body; and what comes from the Spirit is spirit.
John 3:7 Don't be surprised when I tell you, you must be born again.
John 3:8 The wind blows where it wants, and you hear the sound of it, but you can't tell where it comes from or where it goes: so it is with everyone born of the Spirit.
John 3:9 Nicodemus replied and asked him, "How can this happen?"
John 3:10 Jesus answered him, "Are you a teacher of Israel and don't know these things?"
John 3:11 Truly, truly, I tell you, we talk about what we know and share what we have seen, but you do not accept our testimony.
John 3:12 If I have spoken to you about things of this world and you do not believe, how will you believe if I speak to you about things of heaven?
John 3:13 No one has gone up to heaven except the one who came down from heaven, the Son of Man who is in heaven.
John 3:14 Just as Moses lifted up the snake in the desert, the Son of Man must also be lifted up.
John 3:15 Everyone who believes in him will not die but have forever life.
John 3:16 God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him will not die but have eternal life.
John 3:17 God did not send his Son into the world to judge it, but to save the world through him.
John 3:18 Whoever believes in him is not judged, but whoever does not believe is already judged, because they have not believed in the name of God's only Son.
John 3:19 This is the judgment: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness more than light because their actions were bad.
John 3:20 Everyone who does bad things hates the light and doesn't come to the light, so their actions won't be criticized.
John 3:21 But the person who does what is true comes to the light, so that it can be clearly seen that their actions have been done through God.
John 3:22 After this, Jesus and his followers went to the area of Judea; there he stayed with them and performed baptisms.
John 3:23 John was also baptizing in Aenon near Salim, because there was plenty of water there; so people came and were baptized.
John 3:24 John had not yet been put in prison.
John 3:25 A dispute about how to purify oneself arose between some of John's followers and the Jewish people.
John 3:26 They went to John and said, "Teacher, the one you talked about on the other side of the Jordan River is now baptizing, and everyone is going to him."
John 3:27 John replied, "A person can only get what is given to them from heaven."
John 3:28 You can testify that I said I am not the Christ, but I am sent ahead of him.
John 3:29 The one with the bride is the groom; but the groom's friend, who stands by and listens, is very happy to hear the groom's voice. So my happiness is complete.
John 3:30 He must become greater, but I must become less.
John 3:31 The one who comes from above is greater than all; the one who is from the earth belongs to the earth and talks about earthly things. The one who comes from heaven is greater than all.
John 3:32 What he has seen and heard, he tells; but no one accepts what he says.
John 3:33 The one who accepts what he has said shows that God is truthful.
John 3:34 The one God sends speaks God's words because God gives the Spirit without limit to him.
John 3:35 God loves the Son and has given everything into his control.
John 3:36 Anyone who believes in the Son has eternal life; but anyone who doesn't believe in the Son won't have life, and God's anger stays on them.

John 4:1 When God knew that the Pharisees heard Jesus was making and baptizing more followers than John,
John 4:2 Jesus himself did not baptize, but his followers did.
John 4:3 He left Judea and went back to Galilee.
John 4:4 He had to go through Samaria.
John 4:5 He came to a city in Samaria named Sychar, close to the land Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
John 4:6 Jacob's well was there. Jesus, tired from his trip, sat on the well. It was about noon.
John 4:7 A Samaritan woman came to get water; Jesus said to her, "Give me a drink."
John 4:8 His followers had gone to the city to buy food.
John 4:9 The Samaritan woman asked him, "Why do you, a Jew, ask me for a drink when I am a Samaritan woman? Jews don't associate with Samaritans."
John 4:10 Jesus replied to her, "If you knew God's gift and who is saying to you, 'Give me a drink,' you would have asked him and he would have given you living water."
John 4:11 The woman said to him, "Sir, you have nothing to get water with, and the well is deep. Where can you get that living water?"
John 4:12 Are you greater than our father Jacob, who gave us the well and drank from it himself, as did his children and his animals?
John 4:13 Jesus replied to her, "Anyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again."
John 4:14 Anyone who drinks the water I give them will never be thirsty again; the water I give them will become a source inside them, flowing up into eternal life.
John 4:15 The woman said to him, "Sir, give me this water so I won't be thirsty or have to come here to get water."
John 4:16 Jesus said to her, "Go, get your husband, and come back here."
John 4:17 The woman replied, "I don't have a husband." Jesus told her, "You are right to say 'I don't have a husband.'"
John 4:18 You've had five husbands; and the man you're with now is not your husband. You spoke the truth about that.
John 4:19 The woman said to him, "Sir, I see that you are a prophet."
John 4:20 Our ancestors worshipped on this mountain, but you say that Jerusalem is where people should worship.
John 4:21 Jesus said to her, "Woman, trust me, the time is coming when you won't worship the Father on this mountain or in Jerusalem.
John 4:22 You worship what you do not know; we worship what we know because salvation comes from the Jews.
John 4:23 The time is coming, and it is now, when true worshipers will worship God in spirit and truth: for God looks for such people to worship him.
John 4:24 God is a Spirit, and those who worship Him should worship in spirit and truth.
John 4:25 The woman said to him, "I know the Messiah is coming, the one called Christ: when he comes, he will explain everything to us."
John 4:26 Jesus said to her, "I who am talking to you am he."
John 4:27 His disciples arrived and were surprised to see him talking with a woman, but no one asked, "What do you want?" or "Why are you talking with her?"
John 4:28 The woman left her water jar and went back to the city. She said to the people,
John 4:29 Come, see a man who told me everything I've done: could this be the Christ?
John 4:30 They left the city and came to him.
John 4:31 While this was happening, his followers asked him, "Teacher, please eat."
John 4:32 He told them, "I have food to eat that you don't know about."
John 4:33 The followers asked each other, "Did anyone bring him something to eat?"
John 4:34 Jesus said to them, "My food is to do what God wants, who sent me, and to complete his work."
John 4:35 Do not say, "There are still four months until the harvest." I tell you, look at the fields, they are ready to be harvested now.
John 4:36 The person who harvests gets paid and collects fruit for eternal life, so that the one who plants and the one who harvests can be happy together.
John 4:37 And this saying is true: one person plants, another one harvests.
John 4:38 I sent you to harvest where you did not work; others did the work, and you are taking over what they did.
John 4:39 Many people from that city believed in Jesus because of what the woman said when she told them, "He told me everything I've done."
John 4:40 When the Samaritans came to him, they asked him to stay with them, and he stayed there for two days.
John 4:41 Many more people believed because of what he said.
John 4:42 They said to the woman, "We believe now, not just because of what you said. We have heard him ourselves and know that he truly is the Christ, the Savior of the world."
John 4:43 Two days later, he left and went to Galilee.
John 4:44 Jesus himself said, a prophet is not respected in his own homeland.
John 4:45 When he arrived in Galilee, the people there welcomed him because they had seen all he did in Jerusalem during the festival, since they had gone to the festival too.
John 4:46 Jesus returned to Cana in Galilee, where he had turned water into wine. A nobleman's son was ill in Capernaum.
John 4:47 When he heard that Jesus had come from Judaea to Galilee, he went to him and asked him to come and heal his son, because his son was about to die.
John 4:48 Jesus said to him, "If you don't see miracles and amazing things, you won't believe."
John 4:49 The nobleman said to him, "Sir, please come before my child dies."
John 4:50 Jesus said to him, "Go on; your son is alive." The man believed what Jesus had said to him and left.
John 4:51 As he was heading down, his servants met him and told him, "Your son is alive."
John 4:52 He asked them at what time he started to get better. They told him, "The fever went away yesterday at one in the afternoon."
John 4:53 The father realized it was the exact time Jesus told him, "Your son will live." He and his whole family believed.
John 4:54 This is the second miracle Jesus performed after he left Judaea for Galilee.

John 5:1 After this, the Jews had a festival, and Jesus went to Jerusalem.
John 5:2 In Jerusalem near the sheep trading area, there is a pool named Bethesda in Hebrew, with five covered walkways.
John 5:3 In this place, many sick people, blind, lame, and paralyzed, waited for the water to move.
John 5:4 An angel sometimes went into the pool and stirred up the water. The first person to get in after the water was stirred was healed of any illness they had.
John 5:5 A man was there who had been sick for thirty-eight years.
John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lying there and knew he had been sick for a long time, he asked him, "Do you want to get well?"
John 5:7 The weak man said to him, "Sir, I have no one to help me into the pool when the water is stirred, and while I am trying to get there, someone else goes in before me."
John 5:8 Jesus said to him, "Get up, pick up your mat, and walk."
John 5:9 Right away, the man got well, picked up his mat, and walked. That day was the Sabbath.
John 5:10 The Jewish people said to the man who was healed, "It is the Sabbath day; you are not allowed to carry your bed."
John 5:11 He replied, "The one who healed me told me, 'Pick up your mat and walk.'"
John 5:12 Then they asked him, "Who is the man who told you, 'Pick up your mat and walk'?"
John 5:13 The healed man did not know who had cured him, because Jesus had slipped away due to the crowd in that place.
John 5:14 Later, Jesus found him in the temple and said to him, "Look, you are healed. Don't sin again or something worse may happen to you."
John 5:15 The man left and told the Jews that it was Jesus who had healed him.
John 5:16 So the Jews were against Jesus and wanted to kill him because he did these things on the Sabbath.
John 5:17 But Jesus replied, "My Father has always been at work to this very day, and I too am working."
John 5:18 So the Jews wanted even more to kill him, because he not only broke the Sabbath but also claimed that God was his Father, making himself equal to God.
John 5:19 Jesus replied to them, "I tell you the truth, the Son can do nothing by himself. He only does what he sees God doing. Whatever God does, the Son does the same."
John 5:20 God loves the Son and shows him everything he does: and he will show him even greater things than these, so that you will be amazed.
John 5:21 Just as God brings the dead back to life, the Son also gives life to whoever he chooses.
John 5:22 God does not judge anyone, but has given all judgment to the Son.
John 5:23 Everyone should respect the Son just like they respect the Father. If someone doesn't respect the Son, they don't respect the Father who sent him.
John 5:24 Truly, truly, I tell you, whoever hears my word and believes in the one who sent me, has eternal life and will not be judged; but has moved from death to life.
John 5:25 Truly, truly, I tell you, the time is coming, and it is now, when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God, and those who hear will live.
John 5:26 Just as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted the Son to have life in himself.
John 5:27 God has given him power to judge because he is the Son of Man.
John 5:28 Don't be surprised: a time will come when all in the graves will hear his voice.
John 5:29 People who have done good will rise to live; those who have done bad will rise to be judged.
John 5:30 I can do nothing by myself; I make judgments based on what I hear, and my judgments are fair because I don't follow my own desires, but the desires of God who sent me.
John 5:31 If I speak for myself, my words are not true.
John 5:32 Someone else speaks for me, and I know that what he says about me is true.
John 5:33 You sent people to John, and he told the truth.
John 5:34 I don't accept praise from people, but I tell you this so you can be saved.
John 5:35 He was a bright and shining light, and for a while you were happy to enjoy his light.
John 5:36 I have proof stronger than John's: the tasks God gave me to complete, which I am doing, show that God has sent me.
John 5:37 God, who sent me, has testified about me. You have never heard his voice or seen his form.
John 5:38 You don't keep God's message inside you, because you don't believe the one he sent.
John 5:39 Look in the Bible; you believe it has the words for eternal life, and it tells about me.
John 5:40 You don't come to me to have life.
John 5:41 I do not seek praise from people.
John 5:42 But I know you do not have God's love in you.
John 5:43 I came in my Father's name, but you do not accept me. If someone else comes using his own name, you will accept him.
John 5:44 How can you believe when you accept praise from each other but don't look for the praise that comes only from God?
John 5:45 Don't believe I will blame you before God: Moses, who you trust, is the one who accuses you.
John 5:46 If you had believed Moses, you would believe me because he wrote about me.
John 5:47 If you don't believe what he wrote, how will you believe what I say?

John 6:1 After this, Jesus crossed the Sea of Galilee, also called the Sea of Tiberias.
John 6:2 Many people followed him because they saw the amazing things he did for the sick.
John 6:3 Jesus went up a mountain and sat there with his followers.
John 6:4 The Passover, a Jewish celebration, was near.
John 6:5 When Jesus looked up and saw a large crowd coming toward him, he asked Philip, "Where can we buy bread for these people to eat?"
John 6:6 He said this to test him, because he already knew what he was going to do.
John 6:7 Philip told him, "Even two hundred coins worth of bread wouldn't be enough for them so that each person can have a small piece."
John 6:8 One of Jesus' followers, Andrew, who was Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
John 6:9 Here is a boy with five loaves of barley bread and two small fish, but how far will they go among so many people?
John 6:10 Jesus said, "Have the men sit down." There was a lot of grass there. So the men sat down, about five thousand in total.
John 6:11 Jesus took the bread, thanked God, gave it to his disciples, and they gave it to the seated people. They did the same with the fish, giving as much as everyone wanted.
John 6:12 When they had enough to eat, he told his disciples, "Pick up the leftover pieces so nothing is wasted."
John 6:13 So they collected and filled twelve baskets with leftover pieces of the five barley breads after everyone had eaten.
John 6:14 When the men saw the miracle Jesus performed, they said, "Truly, this is the prophet who was to come into the world."
John 6:15 When Jesus knew they wanted to force him to be their king, he went away to a mountain by himself.
John 6:16 When evening came, his followers went to the sea.
John 6:17 They got into a boat and sailed across the lake to Capernaum. It was night, and Jesus had not yet joined them.
John 6:18 The sea got rough because a strong wind was blowing.
John 6:19 After they had rowed about five or six kilometers, they saw Jesus walking on the water, coming near the boat; and they were scared.
John 6:20 He said to them, "It's me; don't be scared."
John 6:21 They happily let him into the boat, and right away the boat reached the shore where they were going.
John 6:22 The next day, when the people on the other side of the sea noticed that there was no other boat except the one his disciples had gotten into, and that Jesus had not gone with his disciples in the boat but his disciples had left by themselves;
John 6:23 But other boats from Tiberias came near the place where they ate bread after God had given thanks.
John 6:24 When the people saw that Jesus and his followers were not there, they took boats and went to Capernaum to look for Jesus.
John 6:25 When they found him across the sea, they asked him, "Teacher, when did you get here?"
John 6:26 Jesus replied, "Truly, truly, I tell you, you look for me not because you saw the miracles but because you ate the bread and were satisfied."
John 6:27 Work not for food that spoils, but for food that lasts forever, which the Son of Man will give you. For God has confirmed his authority.
John 6:28 They asked him, "What should we do to do God's work?"
John 6:29 Jesus answered them, "The work God wants is that you believe in the one He has sent."
John 6:30 They therefore said to him, "What sign do you show us, so we can see and believe you? What do you do?"
John 6:31 Our ancestors ate manna in the desert; it is said, God gave them bread from heaven to eat.
John 6:32 Jesus told them, "Truly, I tell you, Moses did not give you the bread from heaven; but my Father gives you the real bread from heaven."
John 6:33 God's bread is the one who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world.
John 6:34 Then they said to him, "Sir, always give us this bread."
John 6:35 Jesus said to them, "I am the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will never be hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty."
John 6:36 I told you that you have seen me but you do not believe.
John 6:37 Everyone the Father gives to me will come to me; and I will never reject anyone who comes to me.
John 6:38 I came from heaven not to do what I want, but to do what God, who sent me, wants.
John 6:39 God wants me to lose nothing he has given me, but to bring it back to life on the last day.
John 6:40 God wants that everyone who sees the Son and believes in him will have eternal life, and I will bring him back to life on the final day.
John 6:41 The Jews complained about him because he said, "I am the bread that came down from heaven."
John 6:42 They asked, "Isn't this Jesus, Joseph's son, who we know his parents? How can he say, 'I came from heaven'?"
John 6:43 Jesus answered them, "Do not complain to each other."
John 6:44 No one can come to me unless God who sent me draws them: and I will lift them up on the last day.
John 6:45 The prophets wrote, 'Everyone will be taught by God.' So everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me.
John 6:46 No one has seen the Father, except the one from God; he has seen the Father.
John 6:47 Truly, truly, I tell you, whoever believes in me has eternal life.
John 6:48 I am the bread of life.
John 6:49 Your ancestors ate manna in the desert, and they died.
John 6:50 This is the bread that comes down from heaven so that a person can eat it and not die.
John 6:51 I am the bread of life that came from heaven; if anyone eats this bread, they will live forever; and the bread I will give is my body, which I will give to save the world.
John 6:52 The Jews argued with each other, asking, "How can this man offer us his flesh to eat?"
John 6:53 Jesus told them, "Truly, truly, I tell you, unless you eat the Son of man's flesh and drink his blood, you do not have life in you."
John 6:54 Anyone who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise them up on the last day.
John 6:55 My body is real food, and my blood is real drink.
John 6:56 Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood lives in me, and I live in them.
John 6:57 The living God sent me, and I live because of God: just as he who eats my flesh will live because of me.
John 6:58 This is the bread that came down from heaven; it's not like the manna your ancestors ate and then died. Whoever eats this bread will live forever.
John 6:59 He said these things while teaching in the synagogue in Capernaum.
John 6:60 Many of his followers, when they heard this, said, "This teaching is difficult; who can accept it?"
John 6:61 When Jesus realized that his followers were complaining about it, he asked them, "Does this upset you?"
John 6:62 What if you see the Son of Man go up to where he was before?
John 6:63 The Spirit gives life; the body gives nothing of value: the words I tell you are Spirit and they are life.
John 6:64 But some of you do not believe. Jesus knew from the start who did not believe and who would betray him.
John 6:65 He said, "This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless my Father allows it."
John 6:66 From then on, many of his followers left and no longer walked with him.
John 6:67 Jesus then asked the twelve, "Do you want to leave as well?"
John 6:68 Simon Peter replied, "Master, who else can we turn to? You have the message of everlasting life."
John 6:69 We believe and know that you are the Christ, the Son of the living God.
John 6:70 Jesus replied, "Didn't I pick you twelve, and isn't one of you evil?"
John 6:71 He spoke about Judas Iscariot, Simon's son because he was the one who would betray him, even though he was one of the twelve.

John 7:1 After this, Jesus stayed in Galilee because he did not want to be in Judea where the Jewish leaders wanted to kill him.
John 7:2 The Jewish festival of shelters was coming soon.
John 7:3 His brothers told him, "Leave this place and go to Judea, so your followers can see what you are doing."
John 7:4 No one does things secretly if they want to be known publicly. If you do these things, let everyone see you.
John 7:5 His brothers did not believe in him.
John 7:6 Then Jesus told them, "My time has not come yet, but your time is always here."
John 7:7 The world cannot hate you; but it hates me because I say that its actions are evil.
John 7:8 Go to this festival; I am not going yet because my time has not fully come.
John 7:9 After he spoke to them, he stayed in Galilee.
John 7:10 After his brothers left, he also went to the festival, not publicly, but in secret.
John 7:11 During the festival, the Jewish people looked for him and asked, "Where is he?"
John 7:12 Many people whispered about him: some said, "He is good," while others said, "No, he tricks the people."
John 7:13 However, no one talked about him publicly because they were afraid of the Jewish leaders.
John 7:14 During the festival, Jesus went to the temple and taught.
John 7:15 The Jews were amazed and asked, "How does this man know so much when he has never been taught?"
John 7:16 Jesus told them, "My teaching is not my own, but belongs to the one who sent me."
John 7:17 If anyone chooses to do God's will, they will understand the teaching and know whether it comes from God or if I am speaking on my own.
John 7:18 Someone who talks about themselves wants their own praise. But if a person seeks to honor the one who sent them, they are true, and there's nothing wrong in them.
John 7:19 Didn't Moses give you the law, but none of you follow it? Why do you want to kill me?
John 7:20 The people replied, "You are crazy: who is trying to kill you?"
John 7:21 Jesus replied to them, "I did one thing, and you are all amazed."
John 7:22 Moses gave you the practice of circumcision; (though it didn't start with Moses, but with the ancestors;) and you even circumcise a man on the Sabbath day.
John 7:23 If a man is circumcised on the Sabbath so the law of Moses isn't broken, why are you mad at me for healing a man completely on the Sabbath?
John 7:24 Do not judge by how things look, but judge with fair judgment.
John 7:25 Some people from Jerusalem asked, "Isn't this the man they want to kill?"
John 7:26 Look, he speaks openly, and no one says anything to him. Do the leaders really know that he is the Christ?
John 7:27 We know where this man comes from, but when the Christ comes, no one will know where he is from.
John 7:28 Jesus shouted in the temple as he was teaching, saying, "You all know me, and you know where I'm from. I didn't come on my own, but the one who sent me is real, and you don't know him.
John 7:29 I know him because I come from him, and he sent me.
John 7:30 They tried to seize him, but no one touched him because his time had not yet come.
John 7:31 Many people believed in him and asked, "When the Messiah comes, will he perform more miracles than this man has?"
John 7:32 The Pharisees heard the people whispering these things about him; so the Pharisees and the head priests sent guards to arrest him.
John 7:33 Jesus said to them, "I will be with you a little longer, then I will go to the one who sent me."
John 7:34 You will look for me but won't find me; and you can't go where I am.
John 7:35 Then the Jews said to each other, "Where is he planning to go that we can't find him? Will he go to the scattered Jews among the non-Jews and teach the non-Jews?"
John 7:36 What does he mean by saying, "You will look for me, but you won't find me: and you can't come where I am"?
John 7:37 On the final day, the big feast day, Jesus stood up and shouted, "If anyone is thirsty, come to me and drink."
John 7:38 Whoever believes in me, just as the scripture has said, streams of living water will flow from within them.
John 7:39 He said this about the Spirit, which believers in him would receive: The Spirit had not yet come, because Jesus had not yet been glorified.
John 7:40 So when the people heard this, many said, "Truly, this is the Prophet."
John 7:41 Some people said, "This is the Christ." But others asked, "Does the Christ come from Galilee?"
John 7:42 Doesn't the scripture say that Christ will come from David's family, and from Bethlehem, the town where David lived?
John 7:43 People were divided because of him.
John 7:44 Some of them wanted to seize him, but no one touched him.
John 7:45 The officers went to the chief priests and Pharisees, and they asked, "Why didn't you bring him?"
John 7:46 The officers replied, "No one ever spoke like this person."
John 7:47 The Pharisees replied, "Have you been tricked too?"
John 7:48 Have any leaders or Pharisees believed in him?
John 7:49 But these people who do not know the law are cursed.
John 7:50 Nicodemus, who had visited Jesus at night and was one of the group, said to them.
John 7:51 Does our law judge anyone before it hears him and knows what he is doing?
John 7:52 They replied to him, "Are you from Galilee too? Look and see: no prophet comes from Galilee."
John 7:53 Everyone went to their own home.

John 8:1 Jesus went to the Mount of Olives.
John 8:2 Early in the morning, he went back to the temple, and all the people came to him. He sat down and taught them.
John 8:3 The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought to him a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand in front of everyone.
John 8:4 They told him, "Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of cheating on her husband."
John 8:5 Moses told us in the law that we should stone such people: but what do you say?
John 8:6 They said this to test him, so they could find a reason to blame him. But Jesus bent down and wrote on the ground with his finger, pretending not to hear them.
John 8:7 When they kept asking him, he stood up and said to them, "If any of you have never sinned, you can throw the first stone at her."
John 8:8 He bent down again and wrote on the ground.
John 8:9 Those who heard it, feeling guilty themselves, left one after another, starting with the oldest to the youngest: and only Jesus and the woman standing there were left.
John 8:10 When Jesus stood up and saw only the woman, he said to her, "Woman, where are your accusers? Didn't anyone condemn you?"
John 8:11 She said, "No one, God." And Jesus told her, "I don't condemn you either: go and don't sin again."
John 8:12 Jesus spoke to them again, saying, "I am the light of the world: whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life."
John 8:13 The Pharisees said to him, You speak about yourself; your words are not true.
John 8:14 Jesus answered them, "Even though I speak for myself, my words are true. I know where I came from and where I am going, but you don't know where I come from or where I am going."
John 8:15 You judge by human standards; I judge no one.
John 8:16 If I decide something, it is right because it's not just me, but also God who sent me.
John 8:17 Your law also says that if two men agree in their story, it is true.
John 8:18 I testify about myself, and the Father who sent me also testifies about me.
John 8:19 They asked him, "Where is your father?" Jesus replied, "You don't know me or my father. If you knew me, you would know my father as well."
John 8:20 Jesus said these words in the temple room where offerings were kept while he was teaching, and no one tried to arrest him because it was not the right time for that yet.
John 8:21 Jesus spoke to them again, saying, "I am leaving, and you will look for me, but you will die in your sins. Where I am going, you cannot come."
John 8:22 The Jews asked, "Is he going to kill himself?" because he says, "Where I am going, you cannot follow."
John 8:23 He said to them, "You are from below; I am from above. You belong to this world; I do not belong to this world."
John 8:24 I told you that you will die in your sins; if you don't believe that I am the one, you will die in your sins.
John 8:25 They asked him, "Who are you?" And Jesus answered, "I am who I have told you from the start."
John 8:26 I have a lot to say about you and to judge you by: but God who sent me is truthful, and I tell the world what I've heard from him.
John 8:27 They did not understand that he was talking to them about God.
John 8:28 Jesus said to them, "When you have raised up the Son of Man, you will know that I am the one, and I do nothing on my own. I speak what my Father has taught me."
John 8:29 The one who sent me is with me: God has not left me by myself; because I always do what pleases him.
John 8:30 When he said this, many people believed in him.
John 8:31 Jesus said to the Jews who believed in him, "If you keep following my teachings, you are truly my followers."
John 8:32 You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
John 8:33 They replied, "We are Abraham's descendants and have never been slaves to anyone. How can you say, 'You will be set free'?"
John 8:34 Jesus told them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever does sin is a slave to sin."
John 8:35 The servant does not stay in the house forever, but the Son stays forever.
John 8:36 If the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.
John 8:37 I know you are Abraham's descendants; but you want to kill me because my message has no room in you.
John 8:38 I tell what I have seen with my God, and you do what you have seen with your father.
John 8:39 They replied, "Abraham is our father." Jesus said to them, "If you were really Abraham's children, you would do what Abraham did."
John 8:40 But now you want to kill me, a man who has told you the truth from God. Abraham did not do this.
John 8:41 You act like your father. Then they said to him, We were not born out of wedlock; we have one Father, God.
John 8:42 Jesus said to them, "If God were your Father, you would love me, because I came from God. I didn't come on my own; He sent me."
John 8:43 Why don't you understand what I'm saying? It's because you can't really listen to my message.
John 8:44 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to do what he desires. He was a killer from the start and has never stood for truth, because there's no truth in him. When he lies, he's speaking his native language, because he is a liar and the source of all lies.
John 8:45 Because I tell you the truth, you do not believe me.
John 8:46 Who among you can prove I have sinned? If I'm telling the truth, why don't you believe me?
John 8:47 Whoever is from God listens to God's words: you don't listen because you are not from God.
John 8:48 The Jewish people replied, asking him, "Don't we speak the truth saying you are a Samaritan and are possessed by a demon?"
John 8:49 Jesus replied, "I don't have a demon; I respect my Father, but you disrespect me."
John 8:50 I do not look for my own honor; there is one who looks for it and judges.
John 8:51 Truly, truly, I tell you, if anyone follows my teaching, they will never experience death.
John 8:52 The Jews said to him, "Now we know you have a demon. Abraham and the prophets died, yet you claim, 'If anyone follows my teachings, they will never die.'"
John 8:53 Are you greater than our ancestor Abraham, who died? And the prophets are dead too: who do you think you are?
John 8:54 Jesus answered, "If I praise myself, my praise means nothing. It is my Father who praises me; you claim He is your God."
John 8:55 You don't know him, but I do. If I said I didn't know him, I would be lying just like you. But I do know him and follow his teachings.
John 8:56 Your father Abraham was happy to see my time: he saw it and was joyful.
John 8:57 The Jewish people said to him, "You're not even fifty years old yet, have you seen Abraham?"
John 8:58 Jesus told them, "Truly, I tell you, before Abraham was born, I am."
John 8:59 They picked up stones to throw at him, but Jesus hid and left the temple, walking through the crowd, and passed by.

John 9:1 As Jesus walked by, he saw a man who was born blind.
John 9:2 His followers asked him, "Teacher, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he was born without sight?"
John 9:3 Jesus said, "This man and his parents did not sin. It's so that God's work can be shown in him."
John 9:4 I need to do the tasks of the one who sent me while it is day; night is coming when no one can work.
John 9:5 As long as I am in the world, I am the world's light.
John 9:6 After saying this, he spit on the ground, made mud with the saliva, and put it on the blind man's eyes.
John 9:7 He told him, "Go wash in the pool of Siloam (which means 'Sent')." So he went, washed, and came back able to see.
John 9:8 So the neighbors and those who had seen him before when he was blind asked, "Isn't this the same man who used to sit and beg?"
John 9:9 Some said, "This is him"; others said, "He looks like him"; but he himself said, "I am the one."
John 9:10 So they asked him, "How were your eyes opened?"
John 9:11 He replied, "A man named Jesus put mud on my eyes and told me, 'Go to the pool of Siloam and wash.' So I went, washed, and then I could see."
John 9:12 They asked him, "Where is he?" He answered, "I don't know."
John 9:13 They took the man who used to be blind to the Pharisees.
John 9:14 It was the Sabbath when Jesus made the mud and opened the man's eyes.
John 9:15 The Pharisees asked him again how he got his sight back. He told them, "He put mud on my eyes, I washed it off, and now I can see."
John 9:16 Some Pharisees said, "This man is not from God because he doesn't keep the Sabbath." But others asked, "How can a sinner do such amazing things?" So they disagreed among themselves.
John 9:17 They asked the blind man again, "What do you think about him, since he healed your eyes?" He replied, "He is a prophet."
John 9:18 The Jews didn't believe that he had been blind and could now see until they asked his parents.
John 9:19 They asked them, "Is this your son, who you say was born blind? How can he see now?"
John 9:20 His parents answered, "We know this is our son and that he was born unable to see."
John 9:21 We don't know how he can now see, or who healed his eyes. He's an adult; ask him, and he will answer for himself.
John 9:22 His parents said this because they were afraid of the Jewish leaders. The leaders had decided that if anyone said he was the Christ, they would be banned from the synagogue.
John 9:23 So his parents said, "He's old enough; ask him."
John 9:24 They called the man who had been blind again, and told him, "Praise God: we know this man is a sinner."
John 9:25 He replied, "I don't know if he is a sinner; all I know is I was blind, and now I can see."
John 9:26 They asked him again, "What did he do to you? How did he open your eyes?"
John 9:27 He told them, "I already told you, and you didn't listen. Why do you want to hear it again? Do you also want to be his followers?"
John 9:28 They insulted him and said, "You are his follower; but we follow Moses."
John 9:29 We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man comes from.
John 9:30 The man replied, "It's amazing that you don't know where he comes from, yet he healed my eyes."
John 9:31 We know that God does not listen to sinners, but if someone worships God and does what He wants, God listens to him.
John 9:32 No one has ever heard of anyone giving sight to a person born blind since the world began.
John 9:33 If this man were not from God, he could do nothing.
John 9:34 They replied to him, "You were completely born in sin, and now you try to teach us?" So they threw him out.
John 9:35 Jesus knew they threw him out; when he found him, he asked, "Do you believe in the Son of God?"
John 9:36 He replied, "Who is he, God, so that I might believe in him?"
John 9:37 Jesus said to him, "You have seen him, and he is the one speaking with you."
John 9:38 He said, "God, I believe." And he honored him.
John 9:39 Jesus said, "I have come to bring judgment to the world so that those who cannot see may see, and those who can see may become blind."
John 9:40 Some Pharisees with him heard this and asked, "Are we also blind?"
John 9:41 Jesus told them, "If you were blind, you wouldn't be guilty of sin. But now you claim, 'We can see,' so your sin stays with you."

John 10:1 Truly, truly, I tell you, anyone who does not enter the sheep pen by the gate but climbs in by another way is a thief and a robber.
John 10:2 The one who comes in through the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 10:3 The gatekeeper opens the gate for him, and the sheep listen to his voice. He calls his own sheep by name and leads them out.
John 10:4 When he leads his sheep out, he walks ahead of them, and the sheep follow him because they recognize his voice.
John 10:5 They will not follow a stranger but will run away from him because they do not recognize a stranger's voice.
John 10:6 Jesus told them this story, but they did not understand what he was saying to them.
John 10:7 Jesus told them again, "Truly, I tell you, I am the gate for the sheep."
John 10:8 Everyone who came before me were thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not listen to them.
John 10:9 I am the door. If anyone enters through me, they will be saved. They will come in and go out and find food.
John 10:10 The thief comes only to steal, kill, and destroy. I have come so that they can have life, and have it fully.
John 10:11 I am the good shepherd; the good shepherd gives his life for the sheep.
John 10:12 But the person who works only for pay and is not the shepherd, who does not own the sheep, sees the wolf coming, leaves the sheep, runs away, and the wolf catches and scatters the sheep.
John 10:13 The worker runs away because he is just a worker and does not care about the sheep.
John 10:14 I am the good shepherd; I know my sheep and my sheep know me.
John 10:15 Just as the Father knows me, I also know the Father; and I give up my life for the sheep.
John 10:16 I have other sheep that are not from this pen. I must bring them too, and they will listen to my voice; then there will be one flock and one shepherd.
John 10:17 So my Father loves me because I give up my life and then take it back.
John 10:18 No one takes it from me; I give it up by my choice. I have the power to give it up, and I have the power to take it back. This order I got from my Father.
John 10:19 So the Jews were divided again because of these words.
John 10:20 Many people said, "He is possessed by a demon and is crazy; why do you listen to him?"
John 10:21 Others said, "These aren't the words of someone with an evil spirit. Can an evil spirit make blind people see?"
John 10:22 It was winter during the Feast of Dedication in Jerusalem.
John 10:23 Jesus walked in the temple on Solomon's porch.
John 10:24 The Jews gathered around him and asked, "How long will you keep us guessing? If you are the Christ, tell us clearly."
John 10:25 Jesus replied, "I told you, but you did not believe. The things I do, done in my Father's name, show who I am."
John 10:26 But you don't believe because you are not my sheep, as I told you.
John 10:27 My sheep listen to me, I know them, and they follow me.
John 10:28 I give them forever life; they will never die, and no one can take them from my hand.
John 10:29 My Father, who gave them to me, is greater than everyone; and no one can take them from my Father's hand.
John 10:30 My Father and I are the same.
John 10:31 The Jews picked up stones once more to throw at him.
John 10:32 Jesus answered them, "I have shown you many good things from God; for which of those good things do you want to punish me with stones?"
John 10:33 The Jews replied, "We're not going to stone you for doing good things; we're doing it for disrespecting God, because you, a man, claim to be God."
John 10:34 Jesus replied, "Isn't it written in your law, 'I said, you are gods'?"
John 10:35 If he named them gods, to whom God's message came, and the scripture cannot be changed;
John 10:36 Are you saying that the one whom God has made holy and sent into the world is speaking blasphemy because I said, 'I am God's Son'?
John 10:37 If I don't do what my Father does, don't believe me.
John 10:38 But if I do them, even if you don't believe me, believe the things I do. Then you will understand and believe that God is in me, and I am in God.
John 10:39 So they tried again to seize him, but he got away from them.
John 10:40 He went back to the area beyond the Jordan River, where John first baptized people, and stayed there.
John 10:41 Many people came to him and said, "John didn't perform any miracles, but everything John said about this man was true."
John 10:42 Many people there believed in him.

John 11:1 A man named Lazarus from the town of Bethany, where Mary and her sister Martha lived, was sick.
John 11:2 Mary, who put perfume on Jesus and dried his feet with her hair, had a brother named Lazarus who was ill.
John 11:3 So his sisters sent a message to him, saying, "Lord, look, the one you love is sick."
John 11:4 When Jesus heard this, he said, "This illness will not lead to death. It is for God's glory, so that God's Son may be honored through it."
John 11:5 Jesus loved Martha, her sister, and Lazarus.
John 11:6 After hearing that he was sick, he stayed two more days in the same place he was.
John 11:7 After that, he said to his disciples, "Let's go back to Judea."
John 11:8 His followers asked him, "Teacher, recently the Jews wanted to stone you; and you're going back there?"
John 11:9 Jesus answered, "Isn't there twelve hours in a day? If someone walks during the day, they won't stumble because they see the world's light."
John 11:10 If someone walks at night, they trip because there's no light inside them.
John 11:11 He said these things, and then he told them, "Our friend Lazarus is sleeping; but I am going to wake him up."
John 11:12 Then his followers said, "Master, if he is sleeping, he will get better."
John 11:13 However, Jesus was talking about his death; but they thought he was talking about resting by sleeping.
John 11:14 Jesus told them clearly, "Lazarus is dead."
John 11:15 I am happy for you that I wasn't there, so you might believe; but let's go to him now.
John 11:16 Then Thomas, also known as Didymus, told the other disciples, "Let's go too, so we can die with him."
John 11:17 When Jesus arrived, he found that the man had been in the tomb for four days.
John 11:18 Bethany was close to Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs away.
John 11:19 Many Jews visited Martha and Mary to comfort them about their brother.
John 11:20 Martha, when she heard Jesus was coming, went to meet him; but Mary stayed in the house.
John 11:21 Martha said to Jesus, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died."
John 11:22 I know that even now, whatever you ask from God, He will give it to you.
John 11:23 Jesus said to her, Your brother will live again.
John 11:24 Martha said to him, "I know he will rise again in the resurrection on the last day."
John 11:25 Jesus told her, "I am the one who brings people back to life, and I am life itself. Anyone who believes in me will live, even if they die.
John 11:26 Anyone who lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe this?
John 11:27 She said to him, "Yes, Lord: I believe that you are the Christ, the Son of God, who was to come into the world."
John 11:28 After saying this, she left and quietly told her sister Mary, "The Teacher has arrived and is asking for you."
John 11:29 As soon as she heard that, she got up fast and went to him.
John 11:30 Jesus had not entered the town yet; he was still in the place where Martha met him.
John 11:31 The Jews who were with her in the house, comforting her, saw Mary get up quickly and leave. They followed her, saying, "She is going to the tomb to cry."
John 11:32 When Mary arrived where Jesus was and saw him, she fell at his feet and said, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died."
John 11:33 When Jesus saw her crying and the Jews who came with her crying too, he felt deeply moved and was upset.
John 11:34 And asked, "Where have you placed him?" They replied, "Sir, come and see."
John 11:35 Jesus cried.
John 11:36 Then the Jewish people said, "Look how much he cared for him!"
John 11:37 Some of them asked, "Couldn't this man, who made blind people see, have stopped this man from dying?"
John 11:38 Jesus, feeling deep sadness again, came to the tomb. It was a cave with a stone placed over the entrance.
John 11:39 Jesus said, "Remove the stone." Martha, the sister of the man who had died, said to him, "God, by now there will be a bad smell because he has been dead for four days."
John 11:40 Jesus said to her, "Didn't I tell you that if you believed, you would see God's glory?"
John 11:41 They removed the stone from where the dead person was placed. Jesus looked up and said, "Father, I thank you for hearing me."
John 11:42 I know you always hear me, but I said this for the people here, so they will believe you sent me.
John 11:43 After he said this, he shouted, "Lazarus, come out!"
John 11:44 The dead man came out, tied up at the hands and feet with burial cloths, and his face was wrapped in a cloth. Jesus told them, "Untie him and let him go."
John 11:45 Many Jews who visited Mary and saw what Jesus did started to believe in him.
John 11:46 Some of them went to the Pharisees and told them what Jesus had done.
John 11:47 The chief priests and Pharisees met and said, "What should we do? This man performs many miracles."
John 11:48 If we leave him alone, everyone will believe in him, and the Romans will come and take away our positions and our country.
John 11:49 One of them, named Caiaphas, who was the high priest that year, told them, "You don't understand anything."
John 11:50 We must realize it's better for us that one man dies for the people, so the whole nation doesn't get destroyed.
John 11:51 He didn't say this on his own; as the high priest that year, he predicted that Jesus would die for the nation.
John 11:52 Not just for that nation, but also to unite all of God's children who were spread out.
John 11:53 From that day on, they planned together to kill him.
John 11:54 So Jesus didn't walk openly among the Jews anymore. Instead, he went to a region near the wilderness, to a city named Ephraim, and stayed there with his followers.
John 11:55 The Jewish Passover was soon to happen, and many people left the countryside to go to Jerusalem before the Passover to make themselves clean.
John 11:56 They looked for Jesus and asked each other as they stood in the temple, "What do you think, will he not come to the celebration?"
John 11:57 The chief priests and the Pharisees had ordered that if anyone knew where he was, they should tell so they could arrest him.

John 12:1 Six days before Passover, Jesus went to Bethany, where Lazarus lived, whom he had brought back to life after death.
John 12:2 There they prepared a dinner for him; Martha served, while Lazarus was one of those who sat at the table with him.
John 12:3 Mary took a pound of very expensive spikenard perfume, put it on Jesus' feet, and wiped his feet with her hair. The smell of the perfume filled the house.
John 12:4 One of his followers, Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon, who would later betray him, said
John 12:5 Why wasn't this perfume sold for three hundred coins and given to the poor?
John 12:6 He said this not because he cared for the poor, but because he was a thief, held the money bag, and took what was placed in it.
John 12:7 Jesus said, Leave her alone; she saved this for the day of my burial.
John 12:8 You will always have poor people with you, but you will not always have me.
John 12:9 Many Jewish people knew he was there, so they came not just for Jesus, but also to see Lazarus whom he brought back to life.
John 12:10 The leading priests planned to kill Lazarus too.
John 12:11 Because of him, many Jews left and believed in Jesus.
John 12:12 The next day, many people who had come to the celebration heard that Jesus was heading to Jerusalem.
John 12:13 They took palm tree branches, went out to meet him, and shouted, "Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel who comes in God's name."
John 12:14 Jesus found a young donkey and sat on it, as the scripture says.
John 12:15 Don't be afraid, people of Zion: look, your King is coming, riding on a young donkey.
John 12:16 At first, his disciples did not understand these things. But after Jesus was honored, they remembered that these things were written about him, and that they had happened to him.
John 12:17 The people with him when he called Lazarus out of his tomb and woke him from the dead, witnessed it.
John 12:18 The people came to meet him because they heard he had performed this miracle.
John 12:19 The Pharisees then said to each other, "Do you see that we are not succeeding at all? Look, everyone is following him."
John 12:20 Some Greeks who were there to worship at the festival were among them.
John 12:21 This person came to Philip from Bethsaida in Galilee, and asked, "Sir, we want to see Jesus."
John 12:22 Philip came and told Andrew, and then Andrew and Philip told Jesus.
John 12:23 Jesus replied to them, "The time has come for the Son of man to be honored."
John 12:24 Truly, truly, I tell you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the soil and dies, it stays single; but if it dies, it produces lots of seeds.
John 12:25 Whoever loves their life will lose it; and whoever hates their life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
John 12:26 If someone serves me, he should follow me; and where I am, my servant will be too: if someone serves me, God will honor him.
John 12:27 My soul is troubled; what should I say? Father, rescue me from this time. Yet this is why I came to this moment.
John 12:28 Father, make your name honored. Then a voice from heaven spoke, "I have honored it, and I will honor it again."
John 12:29 The people standing nearby who heard it said it thundered; others said an angel spoke to him.
John 12:30 Jesus replied, "This voice was not for me, but for you."
John 12:31 The time has come to judge this world; now the ruler of this world will be thrown out.
John 12:32 If I am raised up from the earth, I will attract everyone to me.
John 12:33 He said this to show what kind of death he was going to die.
John 12:34 The people replied, "We know from the law that Christ will live forever. So why do you say that the Son of Man must be raised up? Who is this Son of Man?"
John 12:35 Jesus told them, "The light will be with you for just a short time. Walk while you have the light, before darkness overtakes you. Anyone walking in darkness doesn't know where they are going."
John 12:36 While you have light, trust in it, so you can be children of light. After saying this, Jesus left and hid from them.
John 12:37 Even though he had performed many miracles in front of them, they still did not believe in him.
John 12:38 So that what the prophet Isaiah said would come true, he asked, "God, who has believed what we said? And to whom has God shown his power?"
John 12:39 So they couldn't believe, because Isaiah had said before,
John 12:40 God has made their eyes blind and their hearts hard; so they cannot see with their eyes or understand with their hearts, and turn to me so I can heal them.
John 12:41 Isaiah said these things when he saw God's glory and spoke about him.
John 12:42 Many leaders also believed in him, but they did not admit it because of the Pharisees; they were afraid of being expelled from the synagogue.
John 12:43 They liked people's approval more than God's approval.
John 12:44 Jesus cried out and said, "Anyone who believes in me does not just believe in me, but in the one who sent me."
John 12:45 Whoever sees me sees the one who sent me.
John 12:46 I have come as a light into the world so that everyone who believes in me will not stay in darkness.
John 12:47 If anyone hears my words and does not believe, I do not judge them, because I did not come to judge the world, but to save it.
John 12:48 Whoever rejects me and does not accept my words has something that will judge them: the words I have spoken will be their judge on the last day.
John 12:49 I don't speak for myself; the Father who sent me commanded me what to say and speak.
John 12:50 I know that God's command leads to eternal life. So, whatever I say is just as the Father told me to say.

John 13:1 Before the Passover feast, when Jesus realized his time had come to leave this world and go to the Father, he showed endless love for his followers who were in the world.
John 13:2 After dinner, the devil had already persuaded Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray Jesus.
John 13:3 Jesus knew that God had given him power over everything, and that he had come from God and was going back to God.
John 13:4 He got up from dinner, took off his clothes, and wrapped a towel around himself.
John 13:5 Then he poured water into a basin and started to wash his followers' feet, drying them with the towel he was wearing.
John 13:6 Then he came to Simon Peter, and Peter asked him, "Lord, are you going to wash my feet?"
John 13:7 Jesus answered him, "What I am doing you do not understand now, but you will understand later."
John 13:8 Peter said to him, "You will never wash my feet." Jesus replied, "If I do not wash you, you have no share with me."
John 13:9 Simon Peter said to him, "Lord, not just my feet, but also my hands and my head."
John 13:10 Jesus said to him, "Someone who has bathed only needs to wash their feet to be completely clean. And you are clean, but not all of you."
John 13:11 He knew who would betray him; that is why he said, "Not all of you are clean."
John 13:12 After he washed your feet, put on his clothes, and sat down again, he asked them, "Do you understand what I have done for you?"
John 13:13 You call me Teacher and God, and you are right, because that's what I am.
John 13:14 If I, your leader and teacher, have washed your feet, you should also wash each other's feet.
John 13:15 I have set an example for you, so you should do as I have done to you.
John 13:16 Truly, truly, I tell you, a servant is not more important than his master; nor is the one who is sent more important than the one who sent him.
John 13:17 If you know these things, you will be happy if you do them.
John 13:18 I am not talking about all of you: I know the ones I picked: but so the scripture comes true, the one who shares my bread has turned against me.
John 13:19 I tell you now, before it happens, so when it does happen, you will believe that I am the one.
John 13:20 Truly, truly, I tell you, anyone who welcomes the person I send welcomes me; and whoever welcomes me welcomes the one who sent me.
John 13:21 After Jesus said this, he felt very upset and declared, "Truly, I tell you, one of you will betray me."
John 13:22 The followers looked at each other, not sure who he was talking about.
John 13:23 One disciple, who Jesus loved, was resting on Jesus' chest.
John 13:24 Simon Peter motioned to him to ask which one Jesus meant.
John 13:25 He, resting on Jesus' chest, asked him, "Master, who is it?"
John 13:26 Jesus answered, "The one I give the piece of bread to after I dip it." After dipping the bread, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, Simon's son.
John 13:27 After he took the piece of bread, Satan came into him. Then Jesus told him, "Do what you're going to do, do it fast."
John 13:28 No one at the table knew why he said this to him.
John 13:29 Some thought Jesus told Judas, who kept the money, to buy what was needed for the festival or give money to the poor.
John 13:30 After taking the piece of food, he quickly left, and it was night.
John 13:31 So when he left, Jesus said, "Now the Son of Man is honored, and God is honored in him."
John 13:32 If God is honored through him, God will honor him in return, and will do it soon.
John 13:33 Kids, I'll be with you for a little longer. You will look for me, and like I told the Jewish people, where I'm going, you can't come; I'm telling you this now too.
John 13:34 I give you a new command: love each other just as I have loved you, so you also should love each other.
John 13:35 Everyone will know you are my followers if you love each other.
John 13:36 Simon Peter asked him, "Where are you going?" Jesus replied, "Where I am going, you cannot follow me now, but you will follow me later."
John 13:37 Peter said to him, "God, why can't I follow you now? I will give up my life for you."
John 13:38 Jesus replied, "Are you ready to give up your life for me? Truly, I tell you, before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times."

John 14:1 Don't be worried in your heart; you trust in God, trust also in me.
John 14:2 In my Father's house, there are many homes. If it wasn't true, I would have told you. I am going to get a place ready for you.
John 14:3 If I go and get a place ready for you, I will come back and take you with me; so you can be where I am too.
John 14:4 You know where I'm going and you know the way.
John 14:5 Thomas said to him, "Lord, we don't know where you are going; how can we know the way?"
John 14:6 Jesus said to him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
John 14:7 If you had known me, you would have known my Father too. From now on, you do know him and have seen him.
John 14:8 Philip said to him, "Lord, show us the Father, and that will be enough for us."
John 14:9 Jesus said to him, "Have I been with you for so long, and you still don't know me, Philip? Whoever has seen me has seen God; so why do you say, 'Show us God'?"
John 14:10 Don't you believe that I am in God, and God is in me? The words I tell you are not just from me: it's God living in me who does the works.
John 14:11 Trust that I am in God, and God is in me; if not, trust because of the things I have done.
John 14:12 Truly, truly, I tell you, whoever believes in me will do the works I do, and they will do even greater works, because I am going to my Father.
John 14:13 Whatever you ask for in my name, I will do it so that the Father may be honored through the Son.
John 14:14 If you ask for anything in my name, I will do it.
John 14:15 If you love me, follow my commands.
John 14:16 I will ask God, and he will give you another Helper to be with you always.
John 14:17 The Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot accept because it does not see or know him: but you know him, for he lives with you and will be in you.
John 14:18 I will not leave you alone: I will come to you.
John 14:19 Soon, the world will not see me; but you will see me. Because I am alive, you will live too.
John 14:20 On that day, you will understand that I am with my Father, and you are with me, and I am with you.
John 14:21 The one who has my commands and follows them truly loves me; and the one who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I will love him and show myself to him.
John 14:22 Judas, not Iscariot, asked him, "Lord, how will you show yourself to us but not to the world?"
John 14:23 Jesus replied, "If someone loves me, he will follow my teachings. Then my Father will love him, and we will come to him and live with him."
John 14:24 Anyone who doesn't love me doesn't follow my teachings. The message you hear isn't mine, but it comes from the Father who sent me.
John 14:25 I have said these things to you while I am still with you.
John 14:26 The Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom God will send in my name, will teach you everything and remind you of all I have told you.
John 14:27 I leave you peace, my peace I give you. Not the way the world does, do I give to you. Don't let your heart be troubled or afraid.
John 14:28 You have heard me say I will leave and come back to you. If you loved me, you would be happy because I am going to the Father, who is greater than me.
John 14:29 I have told you beforehand so that when it happens, you may believe.
John 14:30 From now on, I won't talk much with you because the ruler of this world is coming, and he has no power over me.
John 14:31 I want the world to know I love God; I follow His commands. Let's get up and go.

John 15:1 I am the real vine, and my Father takes care of it.
John 15:2 Every branch in me that does not produce fruit, God removes. Every branch that does produce fruit, God cleans so it will make even more fruit.
John 15:3 You are clean now because of the words I have spoken to you.
John 15:4 Stay with me, and I with you. Just as a branch can't produce fruit alone without being part of the vine, you can't either unless you stay with me.
John 15:5 I am the vine, you are the branches. Anyone who remains in me, and I in them, will produce a lot of fruit. Without me, you can do nothing.
John 15:6 If someone does not remain in me, he is thrown away like a dead branch; people pick it up, throw it into the fire, and it burns.
John 15:7 If you remain in me and my words stay in you, you can ask for anything you want, and it will be done for you.
John 15:8 In this, my Father is honored: when you produce a lot of fruit, then you are truly my followers.
John 15:9 Just as the Father loves me, I also love you. Stay in my love.
John 15:10 If you follow my commands, you will remain in my love, just as I follow my Father's commands and remain in his love.
John 15:11 I have told you these things so that my joy stays in you and your joy is complete.
John 15:12 My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you.
John 15:13 No one has greater love than to give up their life for their friends.
John 15:14 You are my friends if you do everything I tell you to do.
John 15:15 From now on, I don't call you servants, because a servant doesn't know what their master is doing. Instead, I have called you friends, because everything I learned from my Father, I have told you.
John 15:16 You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit. So whatever you ask of God in my name, he will give to you.
John 15:17 I instruct you to love each other.
John 15:18 If the world hates you, know that it hated me before it hated you.
John 15:19 If you belonged to the world, the world would love you as its own. But you do not belong to the world, because I have chosen you out of the world. That's why the world hates you.
John 15:20 Remember what I told you: A servant isn't above their master. If they have mistreated me, they will mistreat you too; if they have followed my teachings, they will follow yours as well.
John 15:21 They will do all these things to you because of me, since they do not know the one who sent me.
John 15:22 If I hadn't come and spoken to them, they wouldn't be guilty of sin; but now they can't hide their sin.
John 15:23 Whoever hates me also hates my Father.
John 15:24 If I had not done works among them that no one else did, they would not be guilty of sin. But now they have seen and hated both me and my Father.
John 15:25 This happens so that what is written in their law comes true: They hated me for no reason.
John 15:26 But when the Helper comes, whom I will send to you from God, the Spirit of truth who goes out from God, he will tell about me.
John 15:27 You will also testify because you have been with me from the start.

John 16:1 I have told you these things so you won't be upset.
John 16:2 They will throw you out of the synagogues; yes, a time is coming when anyone who kills you will think they are serving God.
John 16:3 They will do these things to you because they do not know the Father or me.
John 16:4 I have told you these things so that when the time comes, you will remember that I warned you. I didn't tell you this from the start because I was with you.
John 16:5 Now I am going to the one who sent me, and none of you is asking me, "Where are you going?"
John 16:6 Because I told you this, sadness has filled your heart.
John 16:7 I'm telling you the truth: It's better for you that I leave. If I don't go, the Helper won't come to you. But if I go, I'll send him to you.
John 16:8 When he comes, he will show the world their sin, what is right, and how they are judged.
John 16:9 About sin, because they do not believe in me;
John 16:10 About being right with God, because I am going to my Father, and you won't see me again;
John 16:11 About judgment, because the leader of this world has been judged.
John 16:12 I have many more things to tell you, but you can't handle them now.
John 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes, he will lead you to all truth. He won't speak on his own but will say what he hears, and he will show you what is to come.
John 16:14 He will honor me because he will take from what is mine and show it to you.
John 16:15 Everything that the Father has is mine; that's why I said He will take what's mine and show it to you.
John 16:16 Soon you will not see me, but then soon after, you will see me again because I am going to the Father.
John 16:17 Some of his followers asked each other, "What does he mean by saying, 'In a little while, you won't see me, but then after a little while, you will see me,' and 'Because I am going to the Father'?"
John 16:18 So they asked, "What does he mean by 'a little while'? We don't understand what he is saying."
John 16:19 Jesus knew they wanted to ask him questions. He said to them, "Are you wondering about what I meant when I said, 'Soon you won't see me, and then after a little while, you will see me again'?"
John 16:20 Truly, truly, I tell you, you will cry and be sad, while the world will be happy. You will feel sorrow, but your sorrow will become joy.
John 16:21 A woman feels pain when she is giving birth because her time has arrived; but once the baby is born, she forgets the pain because she is happy that a baby has come into the world.
John 16:22 You are sad now, but I will see you again, and you will be happy, and no one will take away your happiness.
John 16:23 On that day you will not ask me anything. Truly, I tell you, whatever you ask God in my name, he will give to you.
John 16:24 Until now, you have asked for nothing in my name; ask and you will receive, so that your happiness may be complete.
John 16:25 I have told you these things in riddles, but a time will come when I will not use riddles. Instead, I will tell you clearly about God.
John 16:26 On that day you will ask in my name, and I am not saying that I will ask God for you.
John 16:27 God loves you himself because you have loved me and believed that I came from God.
John 16:28 I came from the Father and entered the world; now I leave the world and return to the Father.
John 16:29 His followers said to him, "Look, now you are speaking clearly and not using difficult sayings."
John 16:30 We are now certain that you know everything and don't need anyone to question you. This makes us believe that you came from God.
John 16:31 Jesus answered them, "Do you now believe?"
John 16:32 Soon, you will all go your separate ways and leave me alone, but I am not really alone because God is with me.
John 16:33 I told you these things so you can have peace in me. You will face trouble in the world, but stay positive; I have beaten the world.

John 17:1 Jesus spoke these words, looked up to heaven, and said, "Father, the time has come; honor your Son, so your Son may honor you."
John 17:2 You have given him power over everyone, so he can give eternal life to all you have given to him.
John 17:3 Eternal life is to know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, who you sent.
John 17:4 I have honored you on earth by finishing the work you gave me to do.
John 17:5 And now, Father, make me glorious with your own glory, the glory I had with you before the world existed.
John 17:6 I have shown your name to the people you gave me from the world. They were yours, and you gave them to me, and they have followed your word.
John 17:7 Now they understand that everything you have given me comes from you.
John 17:8 I gave them the words you gave me; they accepted them and know for sure I came from you, and they believe you sent me.
John 17:9 I ask for them: I do not ask for everyone, but for those you have given me; because they are yours.
John 17:10 Everything that is mine is yours, and everything that is yours is mine; and I am honored through them.
John 17:11 Now I am not in the world, but they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, protect them with your name, the ones you gave me, so they can be united just as we are.
John 17:12 While I was with them, I protected them in your name: I took care of those you gave me, and none were lost, except the one doomed to destruction, so the scripture would come true.
John 17:13 I am coming to you now, and I say these things while I am in the world so that they can have my joy completely within them.
John 17:14 I have given them your message; and the world has hated them, because they are not part of the world, just as I am not part of the world.
John 17:15 I ask not for you to take them from the world, but to protect them from evil.
John 17:16 They do not belong to the world, just as I do not belong to the world.
John 17:17 Make them holy by your truth; your message is truth.
John 17:18 Just as you sent me into the world, I have sent them into the world too.
John 17:19 I make myself pure for them so they can be made pure by the truth.
John 17:20 I don't only pray for these people, but also for those who will believe in me because of their message.
John 17:21 They should all be one; just as you, Father, are in me and I am in you, so they should also be one in us. This way, the world will believe you sent me.
John 17:22 The honor you gave me, I have given to them, so they can be united just as we are united.
John 17:23 I am in them, and you are in me, so that they can be completely one. And so the world can know that you sent me and have loved them as you have loved me.
John 17:24 Father, I want those you have given me to be with me where I am, so they can see my glory, the glory you gave me because you loved me before the world began.
John 17:25 Good Father, the world has not known you; but I have known you, and these know that you sent me.
John 17:26 I have told them your name and will continue to, so that the love you have for me may be in them, and I in them.

John 18:1 After Jesus said these things, he and his disciples crossed the Cedron stream and went into a garden there.
John 18:2 Judas, who betrayed Jesus, knew the place because Jesus often went there with his followers.
John 18:3 Judas, after getting a group of men and leaders from the top priests and Pharisees, came there with lanterns, torches, and weapons.
John 18:4 Jesus, knowing everything that was going to happen to him, went out and asked them, "Who are you looking for?"
John 18:5 They replied to him, "Jesus from Nazareth." Jesus said to them, "I am the one." Judas, who betrayed him, was also standing with them.
John 18:6 As soon as he told them, "I am he," they stepped back and fell to the ground.
John 18:7 He asked them again, "Who are you looking for?" They answered, "Jesus of Nazareth."
John 18:8 Jesus answered, "I have told you that I am the one you're looking for. So if you want me, let these others go."
John 18:9 This was to fulfill what he said, "I have not lost any of those you gave me."
John 18:10 Simon Peter, with a sword, pulled it out, hit the high priest's helper, and cut off his right ear. The helper's name was Malchus.
John 18:11 Jesus said to Peter, "Put your sword back in its place. Shouldn't I drink the cup that my Father has given me?"
John 18:12 The group, their leader, and the Jewish officials arrested Jesus and tied him up.
John 18:13 They took him first to Annas, who was the father-in-law of Caiaphas, the high priest that year.
John 18:14 Caiaphas was the one who advised the Jews that it was better for one man to die for the people.
John 18:15 Simon Peter and another disciple followed Jesus. The other disciple knew the high priest, so he went with Jesus into the high priest's house.
John 18:16 Peter stayed outside by the door. Then the other disciple, who the high priest knew, went out, talked to the woman guarding the door, and brought Peter inside.
John 18:17 Then the girl watching the door said to Peter, "Aren't you one of this man's followers?" He answered, "No, I'm not."
John 18:18 The servants and guards were standing there, having made a coal fire because it was cold, and they were warming themselves. Peter also stood with them and warmed himself.
John 18:19 The high priest then asked Jesus about his followers and his teaching.
John 18:20 Jesus replied, "I spoke clearly to everyone; I always taught in the synagogues and at the temple where the Jews gather; I never said anything in secret."
John 18:21 Why do you ask me? Ask those who heard what I said to them: they know what I said.
John 18:22 After he said this, one of the officers standing there hit Jesus with his hand, asking, "Do you talk back to the high priest like that?"
John 18:23 Jesus replied, "If I said something wrong, show what it was. But if I spoke rightly, why did you hit me?"
John 18:24 Annas had sent him tied up to Caiaphas, the high priest.
John 18:25 Simon Peter stood warming himself. They asked him, "Aren't you one of his followers?" He denied it, saying, "I am not."
John 18:26 A servant of the high priest, who was related to the man whose ear Peter cut off, asked, "Didn't I see you in the garden with him?"
John 18:27 Peter denied it once more, and right then a rooster crowed.
John 18:28 They took Jesus from Caiaphas to the courthouse early in the morning. They didn't go inside the courthouse to avoid becoming unclean and to be able to eat the Passover meal.
John 18:29 Pilate went out to them and asked, "What charges are you making against this man?"
John 18:30 They replied and said to him, "If he were not a criminal, we wouldn't have handed him over to you."
John 18:31 Pilate told them, "Take him and judge him by your own law." But the Jews answered, "We are not allowed to put anyone to death."
John 18:32 This was to fulfill what Jesus had said, showing how he would die.
John 18:33 Pilate went back into the courthouse, called Jesus, and asked him, "Are you the King of the Jews?"
John 18:34 Jesus answered, "Are you asking this on your own, or did others talk to you about me?"
John 18:35 Pilate answered, "Am I a Jew? Your own people and the religious leaders handed you over to me. What have you done?"
John 18:36 Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not from this world. If my kingdom belonged to this world, my helpers would fight to prevent me from being handed over to the Jewish leaders. But my kingdom is not from here."
John 18:37 Pilate asked him, "So you are a king?" Jesus replied, "You say I am a king. I was born for this purpose, and I came into the world to tell the truth. Everyone who belongs to the truth listens to my voice."
John 18:38 Pilate asked him, "What is truth?" After saying this, he went out to the Jews and said, "I find no fault in him at all."
John 18:39 You have a tradition that I let one prisoner go during Passover. Do you want me to release the King of the Jews to you?
John 18:40 They all shouted again, "Not this man, but Barabbas." Barabbas was a thief.

John 19:1 Then Pilate took Jesus and whipped him.
John 19:2 The soldiers twisted a thorn crown, put it on his head, and dressed him in a purple robe.
John 19:3 They said, "Hello, King of the Jews!" and hit him with their hands.
John 19:4 Pilate came out again and said to them, "Look, I am bringing him out to you to show that I find no fault in him."
John 19:5 Jesus came out wearing a crown of thorns and a purple robe. Pilate said to them, "Look at the man!"
John 19:6 So when the religious leaders and their helpers saw him, they shouted, "Crucify him, crucify him!" Pilate told them, "You take him and crucify him, because I don't find him guilty."
John 19:7 The Jews told him, "We have a law, and according to our law, he should die because he claimed to be God's Son."
John 19:8 When Pilate heard this, he became even more afraid.
John 19:9 He went back into the court and asked Jesus, "Where do you come from?" But Jesus did not answer him.
John 19:10 Then Pilate said to him, "Don't you talk to me? Don't you know that I have the power to crucify you and the power to set you free?"
John 19:11 Jesus answered, "You would have no power over me if it weren't given to you from above. So the one who handed me over to you has a bigger sin."
John 19:12 From then on, Pilate tried to set him free, but the Jews shouted, "If you let this man go, you're not loyal to Caesar. Anyone who claims to be a king is against Caesar."
John 19:13 When Pilate heard this, he brought Jesus outside and sat on the judge's bench at a place called the Pavement, which in Hebrew is Gabbatha.
John 19:14 It was the time to get ready for the Passover, about six in the morning, when he said to the Jewish people, "Look, here is your King!"
John 19:15 But they shouted, "Take him away, take him away, crucify him!" Pilate said to them, "Should I crucify your King?" The chief priests answered, "We have no king but Caesar."
John 19:16 So he handed Jesus over to them to be crucified. They took Jesus and led him away.
John 19:17 He carried his cross to a place known as Skull Hill, which in Hebrew is called Golgotha.
John 19:18 They crucified him there with two others, one on each side, and Jesus in the middle.
John 19:19 Pilate wrote a sign and put it on the cross. It said, "Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews."
John 19:20 Many of the Jewish people read this title because the place where Jesus was crucified was close to the city. It was written in Hebrew, Greek, and Latin.
John 19:21 The Jewish leaders told Pilate, "Don't write 'The King of the Jews,' but write that he claimed, 'I am King of the Jews.'"
John 19:22 Pilate answered, "What I've written, I've written."
John 19:23 After the soldiers crucified Jesus, they took his clothes and divided them into four parts, giving each soldier a part. They also took his coat, which was seamless and woven in one piece from top to bottom.
John 19:24 So they said to each other, "Let's not tear it. Let's throw dice to see who gets it." This was to fulfill what was written: "They divided my clothes among them and cast lots for my garment." And that's what the soldiers did.
John 19:25 Near Jesus' cross stood his mother, her sister, Mary married to Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
John 19:26 When Jesus saw his mother and his close friend standing nearby, he said to his mother, "Woman, here is your son!"
John 19:27 Then he said to the follower, "Here is your mother!" And from that time, the follower took her into his home.
John 19:28 After this, Jesus, knowing that everything was done and the scripture would be complete, said, "I am thirsty."
John 19:29 A jar full of sour wine was there; they soaked a sponge in the sour wine, put it on a stalk of hyssop, and held it up to his mouth.
John 19:30 When Jesus took the vinegar, he said, "It is finished." Then he bowed his head and passed away.
John 19:31 So the Jewish leaders, because it was the day to get ready, and since they did not want bodies to stay on the crosses during the Sabbath (which was a special day), asked Pilate to have their legs broken and the bodies removed.
John 19:32 Then the soldiers came and broke the legs of the first man and the other who was crucified with him.
John 19:33 But when they reached Jesus and saw he was already dead, they did not break his legs.
John 19:34 A soldier stabbed his side with a spear, and blood and water flowed out right away.
John 19:35 The one who saw it has testified, and his testimony is true: and he knows he's telling the truth, so you may believe.
John 19:36 These things happened so that what was written would come true: None of his bones will be broken.
John 19:37 Another part of the Bible says, "They will look at the one they stabbed."
John 19:38 After this, Joseph from Arimathaea, who followed Jesus but kept it secret because he was afraid of the Jewish leaders, asked Pilate for permission to take Jesus's body. Pilate allowed it, so he came and took Jesus's body away.
John 19:39 Nicodemus, who first visited Jesus at night, also came, bringing about a hundred pounds of a mix of myrrh and aloes.
John 19:40 They took Jesus' body and wrapped it in linen with spices, as is the Jewish way to bury.
John 19:41 Near where he was crucified was a garden, and in it, a new tomb where no one had been laid before.
John 19:42 They placed Jesus there because it was the Jewish day of preparation, and the tomb was close by.

John 20:1 Mary Magdalene came to the tomb early on the first day of the week, while it was still dark, and saw that the stone had been removed from the tomb.
John 20:2 She ran to Simon Peter and the other disciple, who Jesus loved, and said to them, "They have taken away God from the tomb, and we don't know where they have put him."
John 20:3 Peter and another disciple went out and came to the tomb.
John 20:4 They both ran, but the other disciple ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first.
John 20:5 He bent over, looked inside, and saw the linen cloths lying there, but he did not go in.
John 20:6 Simon Peter arrived later, went into the tomb, and saw the linen wrappings lying there.
John 20:7 The cloth that had been on his head wasn't lying with the other linen, but was folded up by itself separately.
John 20:8 The other disciple who arrived first at the tomb also went inside, saw, and believed.
John 20:9 They did not yet understand the Scripture that said he had to rise from the dead.
John 20:10 The followers then went back to their own homes.
John 20:11 Mary stood outside the tomb crying, and as she cried, she bent over to look inside the tomb.
John 20:12 She sees two angels in white sitting, one at the head and the other at the feet, where Jesus's body had been.
John 20:13 They ask her, "Woman, why are you crying?" She answers them, "Because they have taken away my Lord, and I don't know where they have put him."
John 20:14 After saying this, she turned around, saw Jesus standing there, but did not recognize it was Jesus.
John 20:15 Jesus asked her, "Woman, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Thinking he was the gardener, she said to him, "Sir, if you have taken him away, tell me where you've put him and I will get him."
John 20:16 Jesus said to her, "Mary." She turned around, and said to him, "Teacher."
John 20:17 Jesus said to her, "Don't touch me, because I haven't gone up to my Father yet. But go to my brothers and tell them, 'I am going up to my Father and your Father, and to my God and your God.'"
John 20:18 Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen God, and that he had spoken these things to her.
John 20:19 On that evening, which was the first day of the week, the disciples were together with the doors closed because they were afraid of the Jewish leaders. Then, Jesus came and stood among them and said, "Peace be with you."
John 20:20 After saying this, he showed them his hands and side. The disciples were happy when they saw God.
John 20:21 Jesus said to them again, "Peace to you. Just as my Father sent me, I send you."
John 20:22 After he said this, he breathed on them and said, "Receive the Holy Spirit."
John 20:23 If you forgive anyone's sins, they are forgiven; if you do not forgive them, they are not forgiven.
John 20:24 Thomas, who was one of the twelve disciples and also called Didymus, wasn't there when Jesus appeared.
John 20:25 The other followers told him, "We have seen God." But he replied, "Unless I see the nail marks in his hands, put my finger where the nails were, and place my hand in his side, I won't believe."
John 20:26 Eight days later, Jesus's followers were inside again, and Thomas was with them. Even though the doors were locked, Jesus came and stood among them and said, "Peace to you."
John 20:27 He said to Thomas, "Put your finger here and look at my hands. Put your hand into my side. Stop doubting and believe."
John 20:28 Thomas replied to him, "My Lord and my God."
John 20:29 Jesus said to him, "Thomas, because you have seen me, you believe. Happy are those who have not seen and still believe."
John 20:30 Jesus did many other miracles in front of his disciples that are not recorded in this book.
John 20:31 These are written so you may believe that Jesus is the Christ, God's Son, and by believing, you may have life in his name.

John 21:1 After these events, Jesus appeared again to his followers by the Sea of Tiberias; and he showed himself like this.
John 21:2 Simon Peter, Thomas also known as Didymus, Nathanael from Cana in Galilee, Zebedee's sons, and two more disciples were all together.
John 21:3 Simon Peter tells them, "I'm going fishing." They respond, "We'll come with you." So they leave, get on a boat right away, and that night they don't catch anything.
John 21:4 When morning came, Jesus stood on the shore, but the disciples did not recognize that it was Jesus.
John 21:5 Jesus asked them, "Children, do you have any food?" They replied, "No."
John 21:6 He told them, "Throw the net on the right side of the boat, and you will catch fish." They did so, and they couldn't pull it in because there were so many fish.
John 21:7 So the disciple Jesus loved told Peter, "It's the Lord." When Simon Peter heard it was the Lord, he put on his fishing jacket (because he was not wearing clothes) and jumped into the water.
John 21:8 The other followers arrived in a small boat; they were not far from shore, about two hundred cubits away, towing the net full of fish.
John 21:9 As soon as they reached the shore, they saw a coal fire with fish on it, and bread.
John 21:10 Jesus said to them, "Bring some of the fish you just caught."
John 21:11 Simon Peter pulled the net full of large fish onto the shore, 153 in total, and even though there were so many, the net did not tear.
John 21:12 Jesus said to them, "Come and eat." And none of the friends dared to ask him, "Who are you?" knowing it was God.
John 21:13 Jesus came, took bread, gave it to them, and also gave them fish.
John 21:14 This is now the third time Jesus showed himself to his followers after he rose from the dead.
John 21:15 After they ate, Jesus asked Simon Peter, "Simon, son of Jonas, do you love me more than these?" He answered, "Yes, God; you know that I love you." Jesus told him, "Take care of my lambs."
John 21:16 He asked him a second time, "Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me?" He answered, "Yes, Lord; you know I love you." He said to him, "Take care of my sheep."
John 21:17 He asked him for the third time, "Simon, son of Jonas, do you love me?" Peter felt sad because he asked him three times, "Do you love me?" And he told him, "God, you know everything; you know I love you." Jesus told him, "Take care of my sheep."
John 21:18 I tell you the truth, when you were young, you dressed yourself and went wherever you wanted. But when you are old, you will stretch out your hands, and someone else will dress you and take you where you don't want to go.
John 21:19 He said this to show the kind of death by which he would honor God. After saying this, he told him, "Follow me."
John 21:20 Then Peter turned around and saw the disciple Jesus loved following them. This was the same one who had been close to Jesus at the meal and had asked, "Lord, who will betray you?"
John 21:21 Peter, seeing him, says to Jesus, "Master, what will this man do?"
John 21:22 Jesus said to him, "If I want him to stay until I come back, what does that matter to you? You follow me."
John 21:23 This message spread among the followers: they thought that disciple would not die. But Jesus didn't say he wouldn't die; he said, "If I want him to remain until I return, what concern is that of yours?"
John 21:24 This is the follower who tells about these events and wrote them down: and we are sure that what he says is true.
John 21:25 Jesus did many other things too. If someone wrote them all down, I think the whole world couldn't hold all the books that would be written. Amen.

Acts 1:1 I wrote before, Theophilus, about all Jesus began to do and teach.
Acts 1:2 Until the day he was taken up to heaven, after he had given instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles he had chosen.
Acts 1:3 He also showed himself alive to them after his suffering through many sure proofs, being seen by them for forty days, and talking about the things regarding God's kingdom.
Acts 1:4 While together with them, he ordered them not to leave Jerusalem, but to wait for what the Father promised, which, he said, you have heard about from me.
Acts 1:5 John baptized with water, but soon you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
Acts 1:6 So when they met, they asked him, "Teacher, will you now give the kingdom back to Israel?"
Acts 1:7 He told them, "You do not need to know the times or periods that God has decided by His own authority."
Acts 1:8 You will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; then you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, all of Judea, Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.
Acts 1:9 After he said this, as they watched, he went up; and a cloud hid him from their view.
Acts 1:10 As they watched Jesus going up to heaven very closely, suddenly they saw two men in white clothes standing near them.
Acts 1:11 They also said, "You men of Galilee, why do you stand looking up at the sky? This same Jesus, who has been taken from you into heaven, will come back in the same way you saw him go into heaven."
Acts 1:12 Then they went back to Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives, which is about a Sabbath day's walk from the city.
Acts 1:13 When they arrived, they went to a room upstairs, where Peter, James, John, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Matthew, James son of Alphaeus, Simon the Zealot, and Judas brother of James were staying.
Acts 1:14 They all joined together constantly in prayer, along with the women, Mary the mother of Jesus, and his brothers.
Acts 1:15 In those days, Peter stood up among the followers and said, "There are about 120 of us here."
Acts 1:16 Friends, this scripture had to be fulfilled. The Holy Spirit spoke through David about Judas, who led those who arrested Jesus.
Acts 1:17 He was counted among us and had a share in our work.
Acts 1:18 This man bought a field with the money he got from doing wrong. He fell forward, split open, and all his insides spilled out.
Acts 1:19 Everyone in Jerusalem knew about it, and they called that field in their own language Aceldama, which means Blood Field.
Acts 1:20 The Psalms book says, "Let his home become empty with no one living there; and let another person take his leadership role."
Acts 1:21 So, from the men who have been with us the whole time that Jesus was with us,
Acts 1:22 Starting with John's baptism until the day he ascended, someone must be chosen to join us as a witness of his resurrection.
Acts 1:23 They chose two men, Joseph known as Barsabas, also named Justus, and Matthias.
Acts 1:24 They prayed and said, "You, God, who knows everyone's heart, show us which one of these two you have chosen."
Acts 1:25 So that he can share in this service and role of apostle, which Judas lost by sinning, to go to where he belongs.
Acts 1:26 They drew lots, and Matthias was chosen. He became one of the twelve apostles.

Acts 2:1 When Pentecost Day arrived, they were all together in one place.
Acts 2:2 Suddenly a loud sound like a strong wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting.
Acts 2:3 They saw something like flames of fire that were split in two touching each person.
Acts 2:4 Everyone was filled with the Holy Spirit and started to speak in different languages, as the Spirit helped them to speak.
Acts 2:5 In Jerusalem, there were Jews, religious men from every country in the world, living there.
Acts 2:6 When news of this spread, a large crowd gathered, and they were amazed because each person heard them speaking in their own language.
Acts 2:7 Everyone was amazed and surprised, asking each other, "Look, aren't all these people who are speaking from Galilee?"
Acts 2:8 How can we each hear them speaking in our own native language?
Acts 2:9 People from Parthia, Media, Elam, Mesopotamia, Judea, Cappadocia, Pontus, and Asia,
Acts 2:10 Phrygia, Pamphylia, Egypt, areas of Libya near Cyrene, visitors from Rome, Jews, and new believers,
Acts 2:11 People from Crete and Arabia, we hear them telling in our own languages the amazing deeds of God.
Acts 2:12 They were all surprised and confused, asking each other, "What does this mean?"
Acts 2:13 Others making fun said, These men have drunk too much wine.
Acts 2:14 But Peter stood up with the eleven, raised his voice, and said to them, "You men of Judaea and everyone in Jerusalem, listen to me and hear my words:
Acts 2:15 They are not drunk as you think, since it is only nine in the morning.
Acts 2:16 This is what the prophet Joel talked about.
Acts 2:17 In the last days, God says, I will give my Spirit to everyone: your sons and daughters will tell of the future, your young men will have visions, and your old men will dream dreams.
Acts 2:18 I will pour out my Spirit on my servants and maidens in those days, and they will prophesy.
Acts 2:19 I will show amazing things in the sky above and signs on the earth below; there will be blood, fire, and clouds of smoke.
Acts 2:20 The sun will turn dark, and the moon will turn red, before the great and important day of God comes.
Acts 2:21 Whoever calls on God's name will be saved.
Acts 2:22 People of Israel, listen to this: Jesus from Nazareth was a man shown to be from God to you through miracles, wonders, and signs, which God did through him among you, as you know.
Acts 2:23 God planned for him to be handed over to you, and you took him and had evil men kill him by nailing him to a cross.
Acts 2:24 God raised him up, freeing him from the grip of death, because it was not possible for death to keep holding him.
Acts 2:25 David says about him: "I always see God before me. He is at my right side so I will not be shaken."
Acts 2:26 So my heart was happy, and my tongue was joyful; and even my body will rest with hope.
Acts 2:27 Because you will not leave my soul in hell, nor will you let your Holy One decay.
Acts 2:28 You have shown me the paths of life; you will fill me with joy by being with me.
Acts 2:29 Friends, I want to talk openly to you about our ancestor David. He died, was buried, and his tomb is still here today.
Acts 2:30 Because he was a prophet and knew that God had promised with a strong promise that a descendant from his own body would become the Christ and sit on his throne.
Acts 2:31 He foresaw this and spoke about Christ being raised from the dead. His soul wasn't left in the grave, and his body didn't decay.
Acts 2:32 God raised Jesus, and we all saw it.
Acts 2:33 So, God raised him to His right side and after getting the Holy Spirit as promised by the Father, he has poured out what you now see and hear.
Acts 2:34 David did not go up to heaven, but he said, "God told my lord, 'Sit at my right side.'"
Acts 2:35 Until I make your enemies your footstool.
Acts 2:36 So all the people of Israel should clearly understand that God made Jesus, whom you crucified, both Lord and Messiah.
Acts 2:37 When they heard this, their hearts felt troubled, and they said to Peter and the other apostles, "Friends, what should we do?"
Acts 2:38 Peter said to them, "Change your ways, and be baptized each one of you in Jesus Christ's name to have your sins forgiven, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit."
Acts 2:39 The promise is for you, your children, and everyone far away, as many as God will call.
Acts 2:40 He strongly urged with many other words, "Save yourselves from this wicked generation."
Acts 2:41 People who happily accepted the message were baptized. That day, about three thousand people joined them.
Acts 2:42 They stayed devoted to the teachings of the apostles, to sharing with each other, to eating meals together, and to praying.
Acts 2:43 Everyone felt afraid, and the apostles performed many miracles and signs.
Acts 2:44 Everyone who believed was together and shared everything.
Acts 2:45 They sold their belongings and shared with everyone, giving to each as they needed.
Acts 2:46 They met together every day in the temple, and went from home to home to share meals. They ate happily and with sincere hearts.
Acts 2:47 Praising God and being liked by everyone. And God added to the group every day those who would be saved.

Acts 3:1 Peter and John went to the temple together to pray at three in the afternoon.
Acts 3:2 A man who couldn't walk since birth was brought and placed every day at the temple gate named Beautiful to ask for money from those going into the temple.
Acts 3:3 Seeing Peter and John about to enter the temple, he asked for help.
Acts 3:4 Peter, with John, looked straight at him and said, "Look at us."
Acts 3:5 He paid attention to them, hoping to get something from them.
Acts 3:6 Peter said, "I don't have silver or gold, but I will give you what I do have: In Jesus Christ of Nazareth's name, get up and walk."
Acts 3:7 He took his right hand and helped him up; at once his feet and ankles became strong.
Acts 3:8 He jumped up, stood, and walked. He went into the temple with them, walking, jumping, and praising God.
Acts 3:9 Everyone saw him walking and thanking God.
Acts 3:10 They knew he was the one who used to sit and ask for help at the Beautiful gate of the temple, and they were amazed at what had happened to him.
Acts 3:11 When the man who could not walk and was healed clung to Peter and John, everyone rushed to them in the area known as Solomon's Porch, filled with amazement.
Acts 3:12 When Peter saw this, he said to the people, "People of Israel, why are you surprised by this? Or why do you stare at us as if we made this man walk by our own power or goodness?"
Acts 3:13 God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of our ancestors, has honored his Son Jesus, whom you handed over and rejected before Pilate, even when he decided to release him.
Acts 3:14 But you rejected the Holy and Righteous One, and chose a murderer to be freed for you.
Acts 3:15 They killed the leader of life, but God raised him from the dead; we have seen this ourselves.
Acts 3:16 Believing in his name has made this man strong, whom you all see and know; yes, faith in him has healed him completely before all of you.
Acts 3:17 And now, friends, I know that you did it without understanding, just as your leaders did.
Acts 3:18 God has made happen what he told through all his prophets before, that Christ would suffer.
Acts 3:19 Turn away from your sins and change your ways so that they can be erased when the time comes for God to bring renewal.
Acts 3:20 God will send Jesus Christ, who was already told about to you.
Acts 3:21 Heaven must keep him until the time when everything is made right again, as God promised through all his holy prophets long ago.
Acts 3:22 Moses told our ancestors that God will send you a prophet from your own people, just like me, and you should listen to everything he tells you.
Acts 3:23 Everyone who doesn't listen to that prophet will be removed from the people.
Acts 3:24 Yes, and all the prophets starting with Samuel and those who came after him, as many as have spoken, also predicted these times.
Acts 3:25 You are the prophets' children and belong to the promise God gave to our ancestors, telling Abraham, "Through your descendants, all families on earth will be blessed."
Acts 3:26 First, God raised his Son Jesus and sent him to bless you by turning each of you away from your sins.

Acts 4:1 While they were talking to the people, the priests, the temple leader, and the Sadducees confronted them.
Acts 4:2 They were upset because they taught the people and proclaimed through Jesus that the dead would rise again.
Acts 4:3 They arrested them and kept them in custody until the next day because it was evening.
Acts 4:4 However, many who heard the message believed, and the count of the men was around five thousand.
Acts 4:5 The next day, their leaders, older men, and writers,
Acts 4:6 Annas the high priest, Caiaphas, John, Alexander, and all the high priest's relatives met in Jerusalem.
Acts 4:7 They placed them in the center and asked, "With what power or by whose name did you do this?"
Acts 4:8 Then Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said to them, "You leaders of the people and elders of Israel,"
Acts 4:9 If today we are being asked how the man who could not walk was healed;
Acts 4:10 Let everyone, and all the people of Israel, know that this man stands before you healed because of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified and whom God raised from the dead.
Acts 4:11 This stone that you builders ignored has now become the cornerstone.
Acts 4:12 There is no salvation through anyone else, for there is no other name under heaven given to people by which we must be saved.
Acts 4:13 When people saw how brave Peter and John were, and realized they were not formally educated, they were amazed; they recognized that Peter and John had been with Jesus.
Acts 4:14 Seeing the man who was healed standing with them, they could not argue against it.
Acts 4:15 When they told them to leave the meeting, they talked with each other.
Acts 4:16 They said, "What should we do with these men? Everyone in Jerusalem knows they performed a remarkable miracle, and we can't deny it."
Acts 4:17 To stop this from spreading among the people, let's firmly warn them not to speak to anyone in this name anymore.
Acts 4:18 They called them and ordered them not to speak or teach at all in the name of Jesus.
Acts 4:19 But Peter and John replied, "Decide for yourselves if it's right before God to listen to you more than to God.
Acts 4:20 We must speak about what we have seen and heard.
Acts 4:21 After threatening them more, they released them. They found no way to punish them because everyone praised God for what had happened.
Acts 4:22 The man was over forty years old when this healing miracle happened to him.
Acts 4:23 After they were released, they returned to their friends and told them everything the chief priests and elders had said to them.
Acts 4:24 When they heard this, they all spoke to God together, saying, "Lord, you are God, who made the sky, the land, the sea, and everything in them."
Acts 4:25 God said through your servant David, "Why do the nations rage and the peoples plot foolish things?"
Acts 4:26 The kings of the earth rose up, and the leaders met together against God and his chosen one.
Acts 4:27 Truly, Herod, Pontius Pilate, the non-Jewish people, and the people of Israel united against your holy child Jesus, whom you chose.
Acts 4:28 To do whatever your hand and plan had already decided should happen.
Acts 4:29 And now, God, see their threats: and let your servants speak your word with all courage.
Acts 4:30 By reaching out your hand to heal; and that miracles and amazing things may happen in the name of your holy child Jesus.
Acts 4:31 After they prayed, the place where they were gathered trembled; they were all filled with the Holy Spirit and spoke God's word confidently.
Acts 4:32 The many people who believed were united in heart and mind. No one claimed that their possessions were only their own. Instead, they shared everything they had.
Acts 4:33 The apostles showed the resurrection of Jesus with great power, and all of them had a lot of grace.
Acts 4:34 Everyone had what they needed because those who owned land or houses sold them and brought the money from the sales.
Acts 4:35 They put the gifts at the apostles' feet, and it was shared out to each person as they needed.
Acts 4:36 And Joses, called Barnabas by the apostles (which means Son of Encouragement), a Levite from Cyprus,
Acts 4:37 Someone who owned land sold it, brought the money, and placed it at the apostles' feet.

Acts 5:1 A man named Ananias and his wife Sapphira sold something they owned.
Acts 5:2 He held back some of the money, his wife knew about it, and he gave part of it and put it at the apostles' feet.
Acts 5:3 Peter said, Ananias, why has Satan made you lie to the Holy Spirit and hold back some of the money from the land?
Acts 5:4 Before you sold it, wasn't it yours? And after you sold it, wasn't the money yours to control? Why did you decide to do this? You haven't lied to people but to God.
Acts 5:5 Ananias heard these words, fell down, and died. Everyone who heard about it was very afraid.
Acts 5:6 The young men got up, wrapped him up, took him out, and buried him.
Acts 5:7 About three hours later, his wife came in, not knowing what had happened.
Acts 5:8 Peter asked her, "Did you sell the land for this amount?" And she replied, "Yes, for that amount."
Acts 5:9 Then Peter said to her, "Why did you both decide to test the Spirit of God? Look, the ones who buried your husband are at the door, and they will take you out too."
Acts 5:10 She immediately fell down at his feet, died, and when the young men came in, they found her dead, carried her out, and buried her beside her husband.
Acts 5:11 Everyone in the church and all who heard about these events were filled with great fear.
Acts 5:12 Through the apostles, many miracles and amazing things happened among the people; they were all together in Solomon's Porch.
Acts 5:13 No one else dared to join them, but the people praised them.
Acts 5:14 More believers, both men and women, were added to God in large numbers.
Acts 5:15 They brought the sick into the streets and placed them on beds and mats so that even Peter's shadow might fall on some as he walked by.
Acts 5:16 Many people came from nearby towns to Jerusalem, bringing the sick and those troubled by evil spirits, and all of them were healed.
Acts 5:17 The high priest stood up, and everyone with him, who were the Sadducees group, were very angry.
Acts 5:18 They arrested the apostles and put them in the public jail.
Acts 5:19 At night, God's angel opened the prison doors, took them out, and said.
Acts 5:20 Go, stand in the temple, and tell the people everything about this life.
Acts 5:21 When they heard that, they went into the temple early in the morning and taught. The high priest and his group gathered the council and the whole Israeli senate and sent for the prisoners to be brought.
Acts 5:22 When the guards arrived and didn't find them in jail, they went back and reported it.
Acts 5:23 We found the jail securely locked and the guards standing outside the doors, but when we opened it, there was no one inside.
Acts 5:24 When the high priest, the temple captain, and the chief priests heard all this, they were unsure what it would lead to.
Acts 5:25 Someone came and said, "Look, the men you put in jail are in the temple, teaching the people."
Acts 5:26 The captain and his men went and brought them back without using force, because they were afraid the people might throw stones at them.
Acts 5:27 When they brought them in, they stood before the leaders, and the chief priest questioned them.
Acts 5:28 We clearly ordered you not to teach in this name, yet you have spread your teaching all over Jerusalem and want to make us responsible for this man's death.
Acts 5:29 Peter and the other apostles replied, "We must obey God instead of people."
Acts 5:30 God of our ancestors brought Jesus back to life, who you killed and hung on a tree.
Acts 5:31 God has raised him up with his right hand to be a leader and a savior, to give Israel a chance to change their ways and to forgive their sins.
Acts 5:32 We are his witnesses of these things, and the Holy Spirit, which God has given to those who obey him, is also a witness.
Acts 5:33 When they heard that, they felt deeply hurt and planned to kill them.
Acts 5:34 A Pharisee named Gamaliel, a respected teacher of the law, stood up in the council and ordered that the apostles be taken outside for a short time.
Acts 5:35 He told them, "People of Israel, be careful about what you plan to do to these men."
Acts 5:36 Before this time, Theudas appeared, claiming to be important. About four hundred men joined him. He was killed, and all his followers were scattered and came to nothing.
Acts 5:37 After him, Judas from Galilee appeared during the tax times and attracted many followers. He died too, and all who followed him were scattered.
Acts 5:38 I tell you now, stay away from these men and leave them be; because if their plan or action is from people, it will fail.
Acts 5:39 But if it's from God, you can't defeat it; you might be found fighting against God.
Acts 5:40 They agreed with him. After calling the apostles and whipping them, they ordered them not to talk about Jesus and then released them.
Acts 5:41 They left the council, happy because they were considered deserving to endure shame for his name.
Acts 5:42 Every day in the temple and at home, they never stopped teaching and telling the good news about Jesus Christ.

Acts 6:1 During that time, as the number of followers grew, the Greek-speaking followers complained against the Hebrew-speaking followers because their widows were not being helped every day.
Acts 6:2 The twelve gathered all the disciples and said, it isn't right for us to stop teaching God's word to help with meals.
Acts 6:3 Brothers, choose seven men from among you who are known to be honest, filled with the Holy Spirit and wise, so we can put them in charge of this task.
Acts 6:4 We will keep praying and serving the message of God.
Acts 6:5 Everyone liked the idea, so they picked Stephen, a man full of faith and the Holy Spirit, Philip, Prochorus, Nicanor, Timon, Parmenas, and Nicolas from Antioch, who had converted to their faith.
Acts 6:6 They presented these men to the apostles, and after praying, the apostles placed their hands on them.
Acts 6:7 God's message spread; the group of followers grew a lot in Jerusalem; and many priests started to follow the faith.
Acts 6:8 Stephen, full of trust and strength, performed amazing deeds and miracles among the people.
Acts 6:9 Some people from the synagogue called the synagogue of the Freedmen, along with Cyrenians, Alexandrians, and those from Cilicia and Asia, started to argue with Stephen.
Acts 6:10 They could not argue against the wisdom and spirit he spoke with.
Acts 6:11 They influenced some people to lie, who said, "We heard him say disrespectful things about Moses and about God."
Acts 6:12 They roused the people, the elders, and the teachers of the law, then they attacked him, seized him, and took him to the council.
Acts 6:13 They found lying witnesses who said, "This man never stops speaking against this holy place and the law."
Acts 6:14 We heard him claim that this Jesus from Nazareth will destroy this place and will alter the traditions that Moses gave us.
Acts 6:15 Everyone in the council stared at him and saw his face shining like an angel's.

Acts 7:1 Then the high priest asked, "Is this true?"
Acts 7:2 He said, "Listen, men and fathers, the glorious God appeared to our ancestor Abraham in Mesopotamia before he lived in Haran.
Acts 7:3 God told him, "Leave your country and your relatives, and go to the land I will show you."
Acts 7:4 He left the land of the Chaldeans, lived in Haran, and after his father died, God moved him to this land where you live now.
Acts 7:5 God did not give him any land to own, not even a place to step on. But God promised to give it to him and to his children after him, even though he had no child yet.
Acts 7:6 God said in this way: That his descendants would live in a foreign land; and they would be made slaves and treated badly for four hundred years.
Acts 7:7 God said: I will judge the nation where they are slaves, and afterwards, they will come out and worship me here.
Acts 7:8 God made a promise with Abraham about circumcision: So Abraham had a son, Isaac, and circumcised him on the eighth day; Isaac had Jacob; and Jacob had twelve sons who became leaders.
Acts 7:9 The family leaders, jealous of Joseph, sold him as a slave to Egypt; but God stayed with him.
Acts 7:10 God saved him from all his troubles, gave him favor and wisdom before Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and Pharaoh made him ruler over Egypt and his whole house.
Acts 7:11 A famine spread over all of Egypt and Canaan, bringing much suffering, and our ancestors couldn't find food.
Acts 7:12 When Jacob found out there was grain in Egypt, he sent our ancestors there first.
Acts 7:13 Joseph revealed his identity to his brothers a second time, and his family became known to Pharaoh.
Acts 7:14 Joseph sent for his father Jacob and all his relatives, 75 people in total.
Acts 7:15 Jacob went to Egypt and he and our ancestors died there.
Acts 7:16 They were taken to Shechem and placed in the tomb that Abraham purchased from the sons of Hamor, Shechem's father.
Acts 7:17 As the time for God's promise to Abraham came near, the people increased and became many in Egypt.
Acts 7:18 A new king came to power who did not know about Joseph.
Acts 7:19 This person tricked our relatives and treated our ancestors badly, making them throw out their babies so they would not survive.
Acts 7:20 During this time, Moses was born, was very beautiful, and was cared for in his father's home for three months.
Acts 7:21 When he was thrown away, Pharaoh's daughter picked him up and cared for him as her own son.
Acts 7:22 Moses knew all the wisdom of the Egyptians and was powerful in speaking and acting.
Acts 7:23 When he was 40 years old, he felt the urge to see his fellow Israelites.
Acts 7:24 He saw someone being treated unfairly, so he defended him, took revenge for the one who was hurt, and struck down the Egyptian.
Acts 7:25 He thought his brothers would realize that God would use him to save them, but they didn't understand.
Acts 7:26 The next day he appeared to them as they were fighting, wanting to reconcile them, saying, "Friends, you are brothers; why are you hurting each other?"
Acts 7:27 The person who wronged his neighbor pushed him away, asking, "Who made you our ruler and judge?"
Acts 7:28 Will you kill me like you killed the Egyptian yesterday?
Acts 7:29 Moses ran away after hearing this and lived as a foreigner in the land of Midian, where he had two sons.
Acts 7:30 After forty years passed, he saw an angel of God in a fire inside a bush in the desert near Mount Sinai.
Acts 7:31 When Moses saw it, he was amazed at the sight. As he went closer to look, God's voice spoke to him.
Acts 7:32 I am the God of your ancestors, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Moses shook with fear and did not dare to look.
Acts 7:33 God said to him, "Take off your shoes because the place where you are standing is holy ground."
Acts 7:34 I have seen my people's suffering in Egypt, heard their cries, and have come to rescue them. Now go, I will send you to Egypt.
Acts 7:35 They rejected Moses, asking, "Who made you a leader and judge?" But God chose him to be their leader and rescuer, with the help of the angel who met him in the bush.
Acts 7:36 God led them out after showing them amazing things and signs in Egypt, at the Red Sea, and in the desert for forty years.
Acts 7:37 This is Moses, who told the Israelites, "God will bring up a prophet like me from among your brothers; you must listen to him."
Acts 7:38 This is the one who was with the angel in the church in the wilderness, on Mount Sinai, and with our ancestors: he received the living messages to give to us.
Acts 7:39 Our ancestors did not want to obey him. Instead, they pushed him away and wanted to return to Egypt in their hearts.
Acts 7:40 Tell Aaron to make us gods to lead us: for this Moses who took us out of Egypt, we don't know what happened to him.
Acts 7:41 They made a calf back then, gave offerings to the idol and were happy with what they had done.
Acts 7:42 God let them worship the stars of the sky. As the prophets wrote, "People of Israel, did you bring me animal sacrifices for forty years in the desert?"
Acts 7:43 Yes, you carried the tent of Moloch and the star of your god Remphan, idols you made to worship them: and I will take you away beyond Babylon.
Acts 7:44 Our ancestors had the tent of testimony in the desert, as God commanded, telling Moses to make it like the design he had seen.
Acts 7:45 Our ancestors, including Joshua, took over the land of the nations, which God had cleared away for them, all the way until the time of David.
Acts 7:46 He found favor with God and wanted to build a home for the God of Jacob.
Acts 7:47 Solomon built a house for God.
Acts 7:48 However, the highest does not live in buildings made by hands, as the prophet says.
Acts 7:49 Heaven is where I sit as king, and the earth is a place to rest my feet. What kind of home could you build for me? What place could be my resting spot?
Acts 7:50 Didn't my hand make all these things?
Acts 7:51 You are stubborn and closed in your heart and ears, you always resist the Holy Spirit, just as your ancestors did.
Acts 7:52 Which prophets did your ancestors not attack? They killed those who told about the arrival of the Righteous One, whom you have now betrayed and murdered.
Acts 7:53 They received the law given through angels but have not followed it.
Acts 7:54 When they heard this, they felt deep pain in their hearts and gritted their teeth at him.
Acts 7:55 He, filled with the Holy Spirit, looked intently into heaven and saw God's glory, with Jesus standing at God's right side.
Acts 7:56 And said, Look, I see the sky opened, and the Son of man standing at God's right side.
Acts 7:57 They shouted loudly, covered their ears, and all rushed at him together.
Acts 7:58 They threw him out of the city and stoned him. The witnesses left their coats near a young man named Saul.
Acts 7:59 They threw stones at Stephen, who called out to God, saying, "Lord Jesus, take my spirit."
Acts 7:60 He kneeled and shouted, "God, do not hold this sin against them." After he said this, he passed away.

Acts 8:1 Saul agreed to his death. There was a big persecution against the church in Jerusalem; and everyone was scattered across Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.
Acts 8:2 Faithful people took Stephen to bury him and cried a lot for him.
Acts 8:3 Saul caused great trouble for the church, going into houses and dragging out men and women to put them in jail.
Acts 8:4 So those who were spread out went all around telling God's message.
Acts 8:5 Philip went to the city of Samaria and told the people about Christ.
Acts 8:6 The people unanimously paid attention to what Philip said, listening and watching the miracles he performed.
Acts 8:7 Many people with evil spirits shouted loudly as the spirits left them. And many who could not move or walk were healed.
Acts 8:8 The city was filled with great happiness.
Acts 8:9 A man named Simon lived in that city before. He practiced magic, amazing the people of Samaria, and claimed to be someone important.
Acts 8:10 Everyone listened to him closely, from the least important to the most important, saying, "This man has great power from God."
Acts 8:11 They respected him because for a long time he had amazed them with his magic.
Acts 8:12 When people believed what Philip was saying about God's kingdom and Jesus Christ, they got baptized, both men and women.
Acts 8:13 Simon also believed and after his baptism, he stayed with Philip, amazed by the miracles and signs he saw.
Acts 8:14 When the apostles in Jerusalem learned that Samaria had accepted God's word, they sent Peter and John to them.
Acts 8:15 When they arrived, they prayed for them so they could receive the Holy Spirit.
Acts 8:16 Because none of them had received the Holy Spirit yet; they had only been baptized in the name of Jesus.
Acts 8:17 They placed their hands on them and they received the Holy Spirit.
Acts 8:18 When Simon noticed that the Holy Spirit was given after the apostles laid their hands on people, he offered them money.
Acts 8:19 Give me this power too, so anyone I touch can receive the Holy Spirit.
Acts 8:20 Peter told him, "May your money be lost with you, because you believed that God's gift can be bought with money."
Acts 8:21 You have no part or share in this matter, because your heart is not right with God.
Acts 8:22 Turn away from your evil ways and ask God to forgive the thoughts of your heart.
Acts 8:23 I see that you are full of bitterness and trapped in sin.
Acts 8:24 Simon answered, "Please pray to God for me so that none of the things you talked about will happen to me."
Acts 8:25 After they told about God and shared his message, they went back to Jerusalem and spoke about Jesus in many Samaritan towns.
Acts 8:26 God's messenger spoke to Philip, saying, "Get up and go south on the road from Jerusalem to Gaza, which is in the desert."
Acts 8:27 He got up and went, and there was a man from Ethiopia, a high-ranking official under Queen Candace of the Ethiopians, who was in charge of all her wealth and had come to Jerusalem to worship.
Acts 8:28 He was coming back, sitting in his chariot, and reading the prophet Isaiah.
Acts 8:29 Then the Spirit told Philip, "Go close and join this chariot."
Acts 8:30 Philip ran to him, heard him reading the prophet Isaiah, and asked, "Do you understand what you are reading?"
Acts 8:31 He asked, "How can I understand unless someone explains it to me?" So he invited Philip to come up and sit beside him.
Acts 8:32 The part of the scripture he read said, "He was led like a sheep to be killed, and like a quiet lamb before someone cutting its wool, he did not open his mouth."
Acts 8:33 In his low state, he was denied justice: and who can speak of his descendants? For his life is taken from the earth.
Acts 8:34 The eunuch asked Philip, "Please, who is the prophet talking about? Himself or someone else?"
Acts 8:35 Then Philip started speaking and, using that part of the Bible, told him about Jesus.
Acts 8:36 As they traveled, they found some water. The eunuch said, "Look, here's water. What's stopping me from getting baptized?"
Acts 8:37 Philip said, "If you believe with all your heart, you can." And he replied, "I believe Jesus Christ is God's Son."
Acts 8:38 He told the chariot to stop. Then both Philip and the eunuch went down into the water, and Philip baptized him.
Acts 8:39 After they came up from the water, God's Spirit took Philip away, and the eunuch didn't see him again but continued on his journey happily.
Acts 8:40 Philip appeared in Azotus, and as he traveled, he shared the message in all the cities until he reached Caesarea.

Acts 9:1 Saul, still making threats and wanting to kill the followers of the Lord, went to the high priest.
Acts 9:2 He asked for letters to the Damascus places of worship, so that if he found anyone who followed this path, man or woman, he could take them tied up to Jerusalem.
Acts 9:3 As he traveled, he approached Damascus, and suddenly a light from heaven shone around him.
Acts 9:4 He fell to the ground and heard a voice say to him, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?"
Acts 9:5 He asked, "Who are you, God?" And God replied, "I am Jesus, the one you are hurting. It's tough for you to fight against what's urging you."
Acts 9:6 He, shaking and amazed, said, "God, what do you want me to do?" God told him, "Get up, go into the city, and you will be told what you need to do."
Acts 9:7 The men traveling with him stood silently, hearing a voice but seeing no one.
Acts 9:8 Saul got up from the ground; when he opened his eyes, he couldn't see anyone. So they took him by the hand and led him into Damascus.
Acts 9:9 He could not see for three days and did not eat or drink.
Acts 9:10 In Damascus there was a follower named Ananias. In a vision God called to him, "Ananias." He answered, "Here I am, God."
Acts 9:11 God told him, "Get up, go to the street named Straight, and ask at Judas' house for a man named Saul from Tarsus because he is praying."
Acts 9:12 In a vision, he saw a man named Ananias come in and touch him so he could see again.
Acts 9:13 Then Ananias answered, "God, I have heard from many about this man, how much harm he has done to your holy people in Jerusalem."
Acts 9:14 He has permission from the high priests to arrest everyone who prays to you.
Acts 9:15 But God said to him, "Go on your way, because he is my chosen tool to bring my name to non-Jews, rulers, and the people of Israel."
Acts 9:16 I will show him how much he must suffer for my name.
Acts 9:17 Ananias went to the house, put his hands on Saul, and said, "Brother Saul, Jesus, who you saw on your way here, sent me so you can see again and be filled with the Holy Spirit."
Acts 9:18 Right away, something like scales fell from his eyes, and he could see. Then he got up and was baptized.
Acts 9:19 After he ate food, he gained strength. Then Saul spent some days with the followers in Damascus.
Acts 9:20 Right away, he told people in the synagogues that Jesus is God's Son.
Acts 9:21 Everyone who heard him was amazed and asked, "Isn't this the man who was destroying those who called on this name in Jerusalem, and didn't he come here to take them as prisoners to the priests?"
Acts 9:22 Saul grew stronger and confused the Jews living in Damascus by showing that Jesus is truly the Christ.
Acts 9:23 After many days, the Jews planned to kill him.
Acts 9:24 Saul knew they were waiting to ambush him. They guarded the city gates day and night to kill him.
Acts 9:25 The followers took him at night and lowered him down the city wall in a basket.
Acts 9:26 When Saul arrived in Jerusalem, he tried to meet with the followers, but they were all scared of him and didn't believe he was really a follower.
Acts 9:27 Barnabas took him to the apostles and told them how he saw Jesus on his journey, that Jesus spoke to him, and how he bravely preached in Jesus' name in Damascus.
Acts 9:28 He was with them when they entered and left Jerusalem.
Acts 9:29 He spoke bravely in the name of Jesus and argued with the Greeks, but they tried to kill him.
Acts 9:30 When the followers learned this, they took him to Caesarea and sent him on to Tarsus.
Acts 9:31 The churches in Judea, Galilee, and Samaria had peace, grew stronger, lived in respect for God, and, encouraged by the Holy Spirit, increased in number.
Acts 9:32 As Peter traveled through different places, he also visited the holy people living in Lydda.
Acts 9:33 There he met a man named Aeneas who had been bedridden for eight years because he was paralyzed.
Acts 9:34 Peter said to him, "Aeneas, Jesus Christ heals you: get up and prepare your bed." And he got up at once.
Acts 9:35 Everyone living in Lydda and Sharon saw him and turned to God.
Acts 9:36 In Joppa, there was a follower named Tabitha, also known as Dorcas, who did many good deeds and helped the poor.
Acts 9:37 In those days, she became ill and died. After they washed her body, they placed her in an upstairs room.
Acts 9:38 Because Lydda was close to Joppa and the followers knew Peter was there, they sent two men to ask him to come quickly.
Acts 9:39 Peter got up and went with them. When he arrived, they took him to the upstairs room where all the widows were crying and showing him the clothes and robes Dorcas had made while she was alive.
Acts 9:40 Peter sent everyone out, knelt down, and prayed. Then he turned to the body and said, "Tabitha, get up." She opened her eyes, and when she saw Peter, she sat up.
Acts 9:41 He took her hand, helped her stand, and after calling the believers and widows, showed her to them alive.
Acts 9:42 News spread all over Joppa; many people believed in God.
Acts 9:43 He stayed in Joppa for many days with a man named Simon, who was a leather worker.

Acts 10:1 In Caesarea there was a man named Cornelius, a captain of the Italian group.
Acts 10:2 A religious man who respected God with his whole family, gave lots of charity to others, and always prayed to God.
Acts 10:3 In a clear vision around three in the afternoon, he saw an angel of God come to him and say, "Cornelius."
Acts 10:4 When he saw him, he was scared and asked, "What is it, God?" And God answered, "Your prayers and gifts to the poor have been remembered by God."
Acts 10:5 Now, send people to Joppa and ask for a man named Simon, also known as Peter.
Acts 10:6 He is staying with Simon, a leather worker, whose house is by the sea. He will tell you what you should do.
Acts 10:7 After the angel who spoke to Cornelius left, he summoned two of his servants and a loyal soldier who served him regularly.
Acts 10:8 After he explained everything to them, he sent them to Joppa.
Acts 10:9 The next day, as they were traveling and getting close to the city, Peter went up to the rooftop to pray around noon.
Acts 10:10 He became very hungry and wanted to eat, but as they were preparing the food, he fell into a deep dream.
Acts 10:11 He saw heaven open and a vessel coming down to him, like a large sheet tied at the four corners, being lowered to the ground.
Acts 10:12 In it were all kinds of four-legged animals, wild creatures, crawling things, and birds of the sky.
Acts 10:13 A voice came to him saying, "Get up, Peter; kill and eat."
Acts 10:14 Peter said, "No, God; I have never eaten anything not pure or clean."
Acts 10:15 The voice spoke to him a second time, "Do not call anything impure that God has made clean."
Acts 10:16 This happened three times, and then the container was taken back up into heaven.
Acts 10:17 While Peter was wondering what his vision meant, the men Cornelius sent asked for Simon's house and were standing at the gate.
Acts 10:18 They called and asked if Simon, also known as Peter, was staying there.
Acts 10:19 As Peter was thinking about the vision, the Spirit told him, "Look, three men are looking for you."
Acts 10:20 Get up, go down, and go with them without doubting, because I have sent them.
Acts 10:21 Then Peter went to the men who Cornelius sent to him and said, "Look, I'm the one you're looking for. Why have you come?"
Acts 10:22 They said, "Cornelius, a fair officer, who respects God and is well spoken of by all the Jewish people, was told by God through a holy angel to invite you to his home and listen to what you have to say."
Acts 10:23 He invited them in to stay. The next day Peter left with them, and some believers from Joppa went along.
Acts 10:24 The next day they arrived in Caesarea. Cornelius was expecting them and had gathered his relatives and close friends.
Acts 10:25 As Peter entered, Cornelius met him, knelt before him, and honored him as if he were God.
Acts 10:26 Peter helped him up, saying, "Get up; I am just a man like you."
Acts 10:27 As he chatted with him, he entered and saw many people had gathered.
Acts 10:28 He told them, "You are aware that it's not allowed for a Jewish man to associate with or visit someone from a different nation. However, God has shown me that I should not consider any person impure or unclean."
Acts 10:29 So I came to you without arguing, as soon as I was called. Why did you call for me?
Acts 10:30 Cornelius said, "Four days ago, I was fasting until this time. At three in the afternoon, I was praying in my home, when suddenly a man in shining clothes stood in front of me.
Acts 10:31 Cornelius, your prayer is heard, and your acts of charity are remembered before God.
Acts 10:32 Go to Joppa and ask for Simon, also known as Peter, who is staying at the home of Simon the leatherworker by the sea. When he arrives, he will talk to you.
Acts 10:33 I sent for you right away; you did right to come. Now we're all here before God to listen to everything God has told you to tell us.
Acts 10:34 Then Peter began to speak, "I truly understand that God does not show favoritism to anyone.
Acts 10:35 In every country, anyone who respects God and does what is right is accepted by Him.
Acts 10:36 God sent a message to the people of Israel, telling them about peace through Jesus Christ: (he is the ruler of all.)
Acts 10:37 You know the message that spread through all Judea, starting in Galilee after the baptism John preached.
Acts 10:38 God gave Jesus of Nazareth the Holy Spirit and power. He went around doing good and healing all who were under the devil's control, because God was with him.
Acts 10:39 We saw everything he did in the Jewish lands and in Jerusalem. They killed him and hung him on a tree.
Acts 10:40 God raised him up on the third day and showed him openly.
Acts 10:41 Not to everyone, but to chosen witnesses before God, to us who ate and drank with him after he came back to life.
Acts 10:42 He told us to speak to the people and to say that he is the one chosen by God to judge the living and the dead.
Acts 10:43 Every prophet agrees that anyone who believes in him will have their sins forgiven through his name.
Acts 10:44 While Peter was still speaking, the Holy Spirit came upon all who heard the message.
Acts 10:45 The believers who were Jews were amazed because the Holy Spirit was given to the non-Jewish people who had come with Peter.
Acts 10:46 They heard them speaking in different languages and praising God. Then Peter replied.
Acts 10:47 Can anyone stop these people from being baptized with water? They have received the Holy Spirit just like us.
Acts 10:48 He ordered them to be baptized in God's name. Then they asked him to stay for some days.

Acts 11:1 The apostles and believers in Judea heard that non-Jews also accepted God's message.
Acts 11:2 When Peter arrived in Jerusalem, those who were circumcised argued with him.
Acts 11:3 You are accused of going to uncircumcised men and eating with them.
Acts 11:4 But Peter explained the story from the start, and told it to them step by step, saying,
Acts 11:5 I was in Joppa praying when I fell into a trance and saw a vision. I saw something like a large sheet coming down from heaven, held by its four corners, and it came down to me.
Acts 11:6 I looked closely and saw animals with four feet, wild creatures, crawling things, and birds of the air.
Acts 11:7 I heard a voice telling me, "Get up, Peter; kill and eat."
Acts 11:8 But I said, "No, God, because I have never eaten anything that is not pure or clean."
Acts 11:9 The voice from heaven told me again, "What God has made clean, do not call ordinary."
Acts 11:10 This happened three times, and then everything was taken back up into heaven.
Acts 11:11 Look, right away three men who had been sent to me from Caesarea arrived at the house where I was staying.
Acts 11:12 The Spirit told me to go with them without doubting. Also, these six friends came with me, and we went into the man's house.
Acts 11:13 He showed us how he saw an angel in his house who stood and said to him, "Send men to Joppa and ask for Simon, also known as Peter."
Acts 11:14 Someone will tell you messages by which you and your whole family will be saved.
Acts 11:15 As I started to talk, the Holy Spirit came on them, just like it did on us at first.
Acts 11:16 I remembered what God said: John baptized with water, but you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
Acts 11:17 Since God gave them the same gift as he gave us who believed in Jesus Christ, who was I to oppose God?
Acts 11:18 When they heard this, they became quiet and praised God, saying, "So God has also given to non-Jews the chance to turn from their sins and receive life."
Acts 11:19 Those forced away by the troubles starting with Stephen went to places like Phoenicia, Cyprus, and Antioch, telling God's message only to Jews.
Acts 11:20 Some of them were from Cyprus and Cyrene, and when they arrived in Antioch, they spoke to the Greeks, telling them about Jesus.
Acts 11:21 God helped them, and many people believed and turned to God.
Acts 11:22 News about these events reached the church in Jerusalem, so they sent Barnabas to go to Antioch.
Acts 11:23 When he arrived and saw God's grace, he was happy and encouraged everyone to stay loyal to God with a determined heart.
Acts 11:24 He was a good man, filled with the Holy Spirit and faith, and many people joined God.
Acts 11:25 Barnabas went to Tarsus to look for Saul.
Acts 11:26 When he found him, he took him to Antioch. For a whole year, they met with the church and taught many people. It was in Antioch that the disciples were first called Christians.
Acts 11:27 During this time, prophets traveled from Jerusalem to Antioch.
Acts 11:28 One of them, named Agabus, stood up and showed by the Spirit that a big famine would happen all over the world, and it did happen when Claudius Caesar was in power.
Acts 11:29 The followers decided to send help to their fellow believers in Judaea, each one giving as much as they could.
Acts 11:30 They did this and sent it to the leaders through Barnabas and Saul.

Acts 12:1 At that time, King Herod started to bother some people from the church.
Acts 12:2 He killed James, John's brother, with a sword.
Acts 12:3 Seeing that it made the Jews happy, he decided to arrest Peter too. (It was the time of the Feast of Unleavened Bread.)
Acts 12:4 After arresting him, he put him in jail and handed him over to four groups of four soldiers to guard him, planning to present him to the people after Passover.
Acts 12:5 Peter was kept in jail, but the church constantly prayed to God for him.
Acts 12:6 When Herod planned to bring him out, that night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, tied with two chains, and guards by the door were watching the jail.
Acts 12:7 An angel from God came to him, and a light shone in the jail. The angel hit Peter on the side and lifted him up, saying, "Get up fast." And his chains fell off his hands.
Acts 12:8 The angel told him, "Get dressed and put on your sandals." He did that. Then the angel said, "Put on your coat and follow me."
Acts 12:9 He went out and followed, not knowing the angel had really done this; he thought he was seeing a vision.
Acts 12:10 After they passed the first and second guard posts, they reached the iron gate leading to the city; it opened by itself for them. They went out, walked down one street, and right away the angel left him.
Acts 12:11 When Peter realized what happened, he said, "Now I'm certain that God has sent his angel and rescued me from Herod's control and from what the Jewish people expected."
Acts 12:12 After thinking about it, he went to Mary's house, the mother of John also called Mark, where many people were meeting and praying.
Acts 12:13 While Peter knocked at the gate door, a young woman named Rhoda came to listen.
Acts 12:14 When she recognized Peter's voice, she didn't open the gate because she was so happy, but she ran inside and told everyone that Peter was at the gate.
Acts 12:15 They told her, "You're crazy." But she kept saying it was true. So they said, "It must be his angel."
Acts 12:16 Peter kept knocking, and when they opened the door and saw him, they were amazed.
Acts 12:17 But he, signaling to them with his hand to be quiet, told them how God had helped him escape from jail. He said, "Go tell these things to James and the others." Then he left and went to a different place.
Acts 12:18 As soon as it was morning, the soldiers were very upset about what had happened to Peter.
Acts 12:19 When Herod couldn't find him, he questioned the guards and ordered them to be killed. Then he left Judea, went to Caesarea, and stayed there.
Acts 12:20 Herod was very unhappy with the people of Tyre and Sidon. But they joined together and went to him, and after winning over Blastus, the king's servant, they asked for peace because their land depended on the king's land for food.
Acts 12:21 On a certain day, Herod, dressed in his royal clothes, sat on his throne and spoke to the people.
Acts 12:22 The people shouted, "This is the voice of a god, not a human."
Acts 12:23 Right away, God's angel struck him down because he didn't honor God: so worms ate him, and he died.
Acts 12:24 God's word spread and increased widely.
Acts 12:25 Barnabas and Saul came back from Jerusalem after completing their work and brought John Mark with them.

Acts 13:1 In the Antioch church, there were some prophets and teachers like Barnabas, Simeon also known as Niger, Lucius from Cyrene, Manaen who grew up with Herod the ruler, and Saul.
Acts 13:2 While they served God and went without food, the Holy Spirit said, "Set apart Barnabas and Saul for the job I have chosen them for."
Acts 13:3 After they fasted, prayed, and put their hands on them, they sent them off.
Acts 13:4 They were sent by the Holy Spirit and went to Seleucia; from there they sailed to Cyprus.
Acts 13:5 When they were in Salamis, they shared God's message in the Jewish synagogues and John helped them.
Acts 13:6 After they traveled across the island to Paphos, they met a magician who was a fake prophet and a Jew named Barjesus.
Acts 13:7 He was with the governor of the region, Sergius Paulus, a wise man. He asked for Barnabas and Saul because he wanted to hear God's message.
Acts 13:8 Elymas the magician tried to stop them and wanted to keep the governor from believing.
Acts 13:9 Then Saul, also known as Paul, filled with the Holy Spirit, looked straight at him.
Acts 13:10 And said, "Oh, you are very tricky and evil, you child of the devil and enemy of everything good, will you not stop twisting the true paths of God?"
Acts 13:11 Now, look, God's power is on you, and you will be blind and not see the sun for a while. Suddenly, he was covered in a fog and darkness, and he walked around looking for someone to guide him by the hand.
Acts 13:12 When the governor saw what happened, he believed and was amazed at God's teaching.
Acts 13:13 When Paul and his friends sailed from Paphos, they arrived at Perga in Pamphylia. John left them and went back to Jerusalem.
Acts 13:14 After leaving Perga, they arrived in Antioch in Pisidia, entered the synagogue on the Sabbath, and sat down.
Acts 13:15 After the reading of the law and the prophets, the synagogue leaders sent a message to them, saying, "Friends, if you have any encouraging message for the people, please speak."
Acts 13:16 Paul stood up, waved his hand, and said, "People of Israel and all who respect God, listen to me."
Acts 13:17 God chose our ancestors, honored the people while they lived as foreigners in Egypt, and with great power led them out of there.
Acts 13:18 For forty years God put up with their behavior in the desert.
Acts 13:19 After he defeated seven nations in Canaan, he gave their land to them by drawing lots.
Acts 13:20 After that, he gave them leaders for about 450 years, until Samuel the prophet.
Acts 13:21 Later they wanted a king, so God gave them Saul, son of Kish, from the tribe of Benjamin, for forty years.
Acts 13:22 After removing him, God made David their king and testified about him, saying, "I have found David, Jesse's son, a man who shares my desires and will do everything I want."
Acts 13:23 God promised to bring Israel a Savior, Jesus, from this man's descendants.
Acts 13:24 Before Jesus came, John told all the people of Israel to turn away from their sins and be baptized.
Acts 13:25 As John finished his work, he asked, "Who do you think I am? I am not the one. But look, someone is coming after me, and I'm not good enough to untie his sandals."
Acts 13:26 Friends and descendants of Abraham, and all who honor God, this message of salvation is for you.
Acts 13:27 The people living in Jerusalem and their leaders didn't recognize him or understand what the prophets said, even though they read their words every Sabbath. By condemning him, they made these prophecies come true.
Acts 13:28 Even though they could not prove he deserved to die, they still asked Pilate to have him killed.
Acts 13:29 After completing all that was written about him, they removed him from the cross and placed him in a tomb.
Acts 13:30 God raised him from the dead.
Acts 13:31 He was seen for many days by those who went with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who now tell the people about him.
Acts 13:32 We share with you good news about the promise given to our ancestors.
Acts 13:33 God has done what he promised our ancestors by raising Jesus from the dead, as it's written in the second psalm: "You are my Son; today I have become your father."
Acts 13:34 About raising him from the dead, never to decay again, he said, I will give you the faithful blessings promised to David.
Acts 13:35 That's why it is said in another psalm, "You will not let your Holy One decay."
Acts 13:36 David served his time by God's will, then he died, was buried with his ancestors, and his body decayed.
Acts 13:37 But he, who was raised by God, did not decay.
Acts 13:38 Let it be clear to you then, friends, that through this man the forgiveness of sins is announced to you.
Acts 13:39 By him, all who believe are made right with God from everything that the law of Moses could not make right.
Acts 13:40 Be careful, so what the prophets said doesn't happen to you.
Acts 13:41 Look, you who scoff, be amazed and vanish: because I am doing something in your days, something you will never believe, even if someone explains it to you.
Acts 13:42 After the Jews left the synagogue, the non-Jews asked to hear these teachings the following Sabbath.
Acts 13:43 After the meeting ended, many Jews and believers followed Paul and Barnabas. They talked to them and encouraged them to keep living in God's kindness.
Acts 13:44 On the next Sabbath, nearly the whole city gathered to hear God's message.
Acts 13:45 When the Jews saw the crowds, they felt jealous and spoke against what Paul was saying, arguing and insulting God.
Acts 13:46 Paul and Barnabas became brave and said, "It was important to speak God's word to you first. But since you reject it and think you're not worthy of eternal life, now we will speak to other people."
Acts 13:47 God has instructed us, saying, I have made you a light for the non-Jews, so that you may bring salvation to the farthest places of the world.
Acts 13:48 When the non-Jews heard this, they were happy and praised God's message. All those chosen for eternal life believed.
Acts 13:49 God's message spread all over the area.
Acts 13:50 The Jews convinced the religious and respected women and the city's leaders to persecute Paul and Barnabas and forced them to leave their region.
Acts 13:51 They brushed the dust from their feet as a warning to them and went to Iconium.
Acts 13:52 The followers were filled with happiness and the Holy Spirit.

Acts 14:1 In Iconium, they both went into the Jewish synagogue, and spoke so well that many Jews and Greeks believed.
Acts 14:2 But the Jews who did not believe upset the non-Jews and turned their thoughts against the believers.
Acts 14:3 They stayed there a long time, speaking bravely about God, who showed that their message of kindness was true by letting them perform miracles and wonders.
Acts 14:4 The people in the city were split: some sided with the Jews, and some with the apostles.
Acts 14:5 When both the non-Jews and the Jews with their leaders attacked them to abuse and stone them,
Acts 14:6 They realized it and ran away to the cities of Lystra and Derbe in Lycaonia, and to the surrounding area.
Acts 14:7 There they shared the good news.
Acts 14:8 In Lystra, there was a man who couldn't use his feet. He had been unable to walk since he was born.
Acts 14:9 Paul spoke and a man listened; he looked straight at him, saw he believed, and could be healed.
Acts 14:10 Spoke loudly, "Get up on your feet." And he jumped up and walked.
Acts 14:11 When the people saw what Paul did, they shouted in the Lycaonian language, "The gods have come down to us looking like humans."
Acts 14:12 People named Barnabas as Jupiter and Paul as Mercury because Paul was the main speaker.
Acts 14:13 The priest of Jupiter from their city brought bulls and wreaths to the gates and wanted to offer a sacrifice with everyone.
Acts 14:14 When the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard this, they tore their clothes and ran into the crowd, shouting.
Acts 14:15 And asking, "Friends, why do you do these things? We are just like you, feeling the same things, and we tell you to stop worshipping these worthless things and turn to the real God who created the sky, the land, the sea, and everything in them."
Acts 14:16 In the past, God allowed all nations to follow their own paths.
Acts 14:17 But God didn't leave without evidence, doing good, giving us rain from the sky, and seasons of bounty, filling our lives with food and joy.
Acts 14:18 With these words, they barely stopped the people from offering sacrifices to them.
Acts 14:19 Some Jews from Antioch and Iconium arrived and convinced the people to stone Paul. They thought he was dead, so they dragged him out of the city.
Acts 14:20 Even though the followers were standing around him, he got up, went into the city, and the next day he left with Barnabas to Derbe.
Acts 14:21 After they shared the good news with that city and taught many people, they went back to Lystra, Iconium, and Antioch.
Acts 14:22 Strengthening the believers and encouraging them to stay true to the faith, and saying that we must go through many hard times to enter God's kingdom.
Acts 14:23 After they chose leaders for each church and prayed with fasting, they trusted these leaders to God, in whom they believed.
Acts 14:24 After they traveled through Pisidia, they arrived in Pamphylia.
Acts 14:25 After they shared God's message in Perga, they traveled to Attalia.
Acts 14:26 From there, they sailed to Antioch, where they had been entrusted to God's care for the task they completed.
Acts 14:27 When they arrived and brought the church together, they told everyone what God had done with them and how He had made it possible for non-Jews to believe.
Acts 14:28 They stayed there a long time with the followers.

Acts 15:1 Some men from Judaea came and told the believers, "You must be circumcised like Moses taught, or you cannot be saved."
Acts 15:2 So when Paul and Barnabas had a big argument with some people, they decided that Paul, Barnabas, and a few others should go to Jerusalem to talk to the apostles and elders about this matter.
Acts 15:3 The church helped them on their journey, and they traveled through Phoenicia and Samaria, telling how the non-Jews had turned to God, which brought great happiness to all the believers.
Acts 15:4 When they arrived in Jerusalem, the church, the apostles, and the elders welcomed them, and they shared everything God had done with them.
Acts 15:5 Some Pharisees who believed stood up and said that it was necessary to circumcise the men and to tell them to follow the Law of Moses.
Acts 15:6 The apostles and leaders met to discuss this issue.
Acts 15:7 After much discussion, Peter stood up and said to them, "Friends, you know that some time ago God chose me so that the non-Jews could hear the message of the good news from me and believe.
Acts 15:8 God, who knows the hearts, showed approval of them by giving the Holy Spirit, just as God did to us.
Acts 15:9 God made no distinction between us and them, cleansing their hearts through faith.
Acts 15:10 So why are you testing God by putting a heavy burden on the followers' necks that neither our ancestors nor we could carry?
Acts 15:11 We believe that by the kindness of Jesus Christ, we will be saved just like them.
Acts 15:12 Everyone was quiet and listened to Barnabas and Paul as they explained the amazing things God had done through them among the non-Jews.
Acts 15:13 After they were quiet, James spoke, saying, "Listen to me, friends and brothers:
Acts 15:14 Simeon has explained how God first visited the non-Jews to choose some of them to be his people.
Acts 15:15 The prophets' words agree with this; it is written,
Acts 15:16 I will come back and rebuild David's fallen shelter; I will repair its ruins and restore it.
Acts 15:17 So that the rest of people might look for God, and all the non-Jews who are called by my name, says God, who does all these things.
Acts 15:18 God knows all his works since the world began.
Acts 15:19 So I decide that we should not bother the Gentiles who turn to God.
Acts 15:20 We should write to them to stay away from idol pollution, sexual immorality, strangled animals, and blood.
Acts 15:21 Since long ago, Moses has had people in every city who teach about him; his writings are read in the synagogues every Sabbath.
Acts 15:22 The apostles, elders, and the whole church agreed to send some of their own men to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas. They chose Judas, also known as Barsabas, and Silas, who were leaders among the believers.
Acts 15:23 The apostles, elders, and fellow believers send greetings to the Gentile believers in Antioch, Syria, and Cilicia.
Acts 15:24 We've heard some who left us have upset you with their words, turning your hearts away, telling you to be circumcised and follow the law, which we did not tell them to do.
Acts 15:25 We agreed together to send some chosen friends to you along with our dear Barnabas and Paul.
Acts 15:26 Men who risked their lives for Jesus Christ.
Acts 15:27 We have sent Judas and Silas to tell you the same things in person.
Acts 15:28 The Holy Spirit and we have decided not to give you any heavy burdens besides these important things.
Acts 15:29 Avoid eating food given to idols, blood, strangled animals, and stay away from sexual sin. If you do this, you will be doing well. Take care.
Acts 15:30 After they were sent off, they went to Antioch, and when they had brought everyone together, they gave them the letter.
Acts 15:31 After they read it, they were happy because it comforted them.
Acts 15:32 Judas and Silas, who were also prophets, encouraged the believers with many words and strengthened them.
Acts 15:33 After staying there for a while, they left peacefully to go to the apostles, sent by the believers.
Acts 15:34 Silas was happy to stay there.
Acts 15:35 Paul and Barnabas stayed in Antioch, teaching and telling others about God's message, along with many others.
Acts 15:36 Some days later, Paul said to Barnabas, "Let's go back and see how our friends in every city where we shared God's message are doing."
Acts 15:37 Barnabas decided to bring John, called Mark, with them.
Acts 15:38 But Paul thought it was not a good idea to take him along, because he had left them in Pamphylia and had not continued with them in their work.
Acts 15:39 They argued so much that they split up: Barnabas took Mark and went to Cyprus.
Acts 15:40 Paul chose Silas and left, with the brothers' blessing to God's grace.
Acts 15:41 He traveled through Syria and Cilicia, strengthening the churches.

Acts 16:1 He went to Derbe and Lystra. There, he met a follower named Timothy, whose mother was a Jewish believer, but whose father was Greek.
Acts 16:2 He had a good reputation among the believers in Lystra and Iconium.
Acts 16:3 Paul wanted him to travel with him, so he circumcised him because of the Jews in that area, since they all knew his father was Greek.
Acts 16:4 As they traveled through the towns, they gave out the rules to follow that the apostles and elders in Jerusalem had decided on.
Acts 16:5 The churches were strengthened in their faith and grew in number every day.
Acts 16:6 After they traveled through Phrygia and Galatia, the Holy Spirit did not allow them to preach the word in Asia.
Acts 16:7 After they arrived in Mysia, they tried to go to Bithynia, but the Spirit did not allow them.
Acts 16:8 They went through Mysia and came to Troas.
Acts 16:9 Paul had a vision at night; a Macedonian man stood there, asking him, "Please come to Macedonia and help us."
Acts 16:10 After seeing the vision, we immediately tried to go to Macedonia, confident that God had called us to share the good news with them.
Acts 16:11 So we sailed away from Troas and went directly to Samothrace, and the following day to Neapolis.
Acts 16:12 From there we went to Philippi, the main city of that part of Macedonia and a colony. We stayed in that city for several days.
Acts 16:13 On the Sabbath, we left the city to a riverside where people often prayed; we sat down and talked with the women who came there.
Acts 16:14 A woman named Lydia, who sold purple cloth and lived in Thyatira, worshipped God and listened to us because God opened her heart to pay attention to what Paul said.
Acts 16:15 After she and her family were baptized, she asked us, "If you think I am loyal to God, please come to my home and stay." And she insisted we go.
Acts 16:16 As we were going to pray, we met a girl with a spirit of telling the future, who made a lot of money for her owners by predicting things.
Acts 16:17 She followed Paul and us, shouting, "These men are servants of the most high God, who show us how to be saved."
Acts 16:18 She did this for many days. But Paul, upset, turned and told the spirit, "I order you in Jesus Christ's name to leave her." And it left her that hour.
Acts 16:19 When her owners realized they could no longer make money from her, they grabbed Paul and Silas and dragged them to the authorities in the public square.
Acts 16:20 They brought them to the officials, saying, "These men are Jews and are causing a lot of trouble in our city."
Acts 16:21 They teach practices that we, as Romans, cannot accept or follow.
Acts 16:22 The crowd stood up together against them. The officials tore their clothes and ordered them to be beaten.
Acts 16:23 After they whipped them many times, they threw them into jail and told the jailer to watch them carefully.
Acts 16:24 The guard, given this order, put them into the innermost cell and clamped their feet in wooden blocks.
Acts 16:25 At midnight, Paul and Silas prayed and sang songs to God, and the other prisoners listened to them.
Acts 16:26 Suddenly, there was a big earthquake that shook the prison's foundations: right away, all the doors opened, and everyone's chains came loose.
Acts 16:27 When the prison guard woke up and saw the doors open, he took out his sword to kill himself because he thought the prisoners had escaped.
Acts 16:28 Paul shouted loudly, "Don't hurt yourself; we are all still here."
Acts 16:29 He asked for a light, jumped in, shook with fear, and knelt before Paul and Silas.
Acts 16:30 He led them out and asked, "Sirs, what should I do to be saved?"
Acts 16:31 They said, "Trust in Jesus Christ, and you and your family will be saved."
Acts 16:32 They told him and everyone in his house what God had said.
Acts 16:33 He took them at night, cleaned their wounds, and he and everyone with him were immediately baptized.
Acts 16:34 When he brought them into his home, he gave them food, and was very happy, trusting in God with everyone in his home.
Acts 16:35 When daylight came, the officers told the guards, "Release those men."
Acts 16:36 The prison guard told Paul, "The officials have sent word to release you: so now you can leave and go peacefully."
Acts 16:37 But Paul said to them, "They beat us in public without a trial, even though we are Roman citizens. They threw us in jail, and now they want to send us away secretly? No, certainly not. Let them come and take us out themselves."
Acts 16:38 The officers reported these things to the officials, and they became afraid when they learned that the men were Romans.
Acts 16:39 They came and asked them, then led them out, and asked them to leave the city.
Acts 16:40 They left the prison, went to Lydia's home, saw the other believers, cheered them up, and then left.

Acts 17:1 After they traveled through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they arrived in Thessalonica, where there was a Jewish synagogue.
Acts 17:2 Paul, as he usually did, met with them and for three Saturdays discussed the scriptures with them.
Acts 17:3 Explaining and proving that Christ had to suffer and rise from the dead; and that this Jesus, who I tell you about, is the Christ.
Acts 17:4 Some believed and joined Paul and Silas, including many god-fearing Greeks and several influential women.
Acts 17:5 But the Jews who did not believe, jealous as they were, gathered some wicked men from the streets, formed a mob, started a riot in the city, attacked Jason's house, and tried to bring them out to the crowd.
Acts 17:6 When they couldn't find them, they dragged Jason and some other followers to the city authorities, shouting, "These people who have been causing trouble all over the world have now come here too."
Acts 17:7 Jason has welcomed them, and they all act against Caesar's laws, claiming there is another king named Jesus.
Acts 17:8 They upset the people and city leaders when they heard this.
Acts 17:9 After they got a promise from Jason and the other person, they released them.
Acts 17:10 The brothers quickly sent Paul and Silas away at night to the city of Berea, and when they arrived, they went into the Jewish synagogue.
Acts 17:11 They were more open-minded than the people in Thessalonica because they eagerly accepted the message and examined the scriptures every day to see if it was true.
Acts 17:12 So many people believed, including respected Greek women and quite a few men.
Acts 17:13 When the Thessalonica Jews learned that Paul was spreading God's message in Berea, they went there and caused trouble among the people.
Acts 17:14 Right away, the followers sent Paul to the sea, while Silas and Timothy stayed there.
Acts 17:15 The people guiding Paul took him to Athens. After telling Silas and Timothy to hurry and join him, they left.
Acts 17:16 While Paul was waiting for them in Athens, he felt deeply troubled when he saw that the city was full of idol worship.
Acts 17:17 So he argued in the church with the Jews and with the religious people, and every day in the town center with those who spent time with him.
Acts 17:18 Some Epicurean and Stoic philosophers met him. Some asked, "What is this chatterer trying to say?" Others said, "He seems to talk about foreign gods," because he was telling them about Jesus and the resurrection.
Acts 17:19 They took him to Areopagus and asked, "Can we find out what this new teaching you speak of is?"
Acts 17:20 You are telling us about some new and strange things, and we want to understand what they mean.
Acts 17:21 The people of Athens and the visitors there only used their time to talk about or listen to the latest news.
Acts 17:22 Paul stood in the middle of Mars Hill and said, "People of Athens, I see that you are very religious in every way."
Acts 17:23 As I walked by and saw your religious statues, I noticed one altar with the words, 'To the Unknown God.' You worship without knowing; this is the God I'm telling you about.
Acts 17:24 God, who created the world and everything in it, is the ruler of heaven and earth and does not live in buildings made by people.
Acts 17:25 God is not served by human hands, as if He needed anything, because He gives life, breath, and everything to everyone.
Acts 17:26 God made all people from one family to live everywhere on earth, and set the times and limits of where they live.
Acts 17:27 They should look for God, hoping they might reach out to find him, because he is not far from any of us.
Acts 17:28 In him we exist, move, and are alive; as some of your poets have said, we are his children too.
Acts 17:29 Since we are God's children, we should not believe that God is like gold, silver, or stone, shaped by skill and human design.
Acts 17:30 In the past, God overlooked such ignorance, but now He commands everyone everywhere to change their ways.
Acts 17:31 God has set a day when he will fairly judge everyone by the man he has chosen, and he has proven this to everyone by raising him from the dead.
Acts 17:32 When they heard about the dead coming back to life, some laughed, and others said, "We will listen to you talk about this again later."
Acts 17:33 So Paul left them.
Acts 17:34 However, some men stuck with him and believed. Among them was Dionysius the Areopagite, a woman named Damaris, and others with them.

Acts 18:1 After this, Paul left Athens and went to Corinth.
Acts 18:2 They met a Jew named Aquila from Pontus, who had just arrived from Italy with his wife Priscilla. This was after Emperor Claudius had ordered all Jews to leave Rome. They went to see them.
Acts 18:3 Because he had the same job, he stayed with them and worked, since they were all tentmakers by trade.
Acts 18:4 He discussed in the meeting place every Saturday, convincing both the Jews and the non-Jews.
Acts 18:5 When Silas and Timothy arrived from Macedonia, Paul was deeply moved and told the Jews that Jesus was the Messiah.
Acts 18:6 When they argued and said disrespectful things about God, he shook his clothes and told them, "Your actions are your own responsibility; I am not guilty. From now on, I will go to non-Jewish people."
Acts 18:7 He left that place and went into the house of a man named Justus, who worshiped God, and his house was right next to the synagogue.
Acts 18:8 Crispus, the main leader of the synagogue, believed in God with his whole family; and many people in Corinth, after listening, also believed and were baptized.
Acts 18:9 One night God spoke to Paul in a dream, "Don't be scared, but talk and don't stop speaking."
Acts 18:10 I am with you, and no one will attack you to harm you, for I have many people in this city.
Acts 18:11 He stayed there one and a half years, sharing God's message with them.
Acts 18:12 When Gallio was the governor of Achaia, the Jews united against Paul and took him to the court.
Acts 18:13 He is saying, "This man is convincing people to worship God in a way that is against the law."
Acts 18:14 When Paul was about to speak, Gallio told the Jews, "If this were a case of crime or bad behavior, Jews, it would make sense for me to listen to you.
Acts 18:15 If it's about words, names, and your law, you handle it; I won't judge these things.
Acts 18:16 He forced them away from the judge's bench.
Acts 18:17 Then all the Greeks grabbed Sosthenes, the head of the synagogue, and hit him in front of the judge's bench. But Gallio did not care about any of those things.
Acts 18:18 Paul stayed there for a long time, then said goodbye to the brothers, sailed to Syria with Priscilla and Aquila, and he cut his hair at Cenchrea because of a promise.
Acts 18:19 He went to Ephesus, left them there, but went into the synagogue and talked with the Jews.
Acts 18:20 When they asked him to stay longer with them, he did not agree.
Acts 18:21 He said goodbye, telling them, "I really must celebrate this upcoming festival in Jerusalem: but I plan to come back to you, if God allows." Then he left from Ephesus.
Acts 18:22 When he arrived at Caesarea, after going up to greet the church, he went down to Antioch.
Acts 18:23 After staying there for a while, he left and traveled through the regions of Galatia and Phrygia, encouraging all the followers.
Acts 18:24 A Jewish man named Apollos, from Alexandria, who was an excellent speaker and very knowledgeable in the scriptures, went to Ephesus.
Acts 18:25 This man learned about God's way; he was passionate, and he talked and taught about God's teachings with care, knowing only John's baptism.
Acts 18:26 He started to speak confidently in the synagogue. When Aquila and Priscilla heard him, they welcomed him and explained God's way to him more clearly.
Acts 18:27 When he wanted to go to Achaia, the believers sent letters asking the followers there to welcome him. When he arrived, he helped those who through God's kindness had believed a lot.
Acts 18:28 He strongly persuaded the Jews in public, using the scriptures to show that Jesus was the Messiah.

Acts 19:1 While Apollos was in Corinth, Paul traveled through the inland areas and arrived in Ephesus, where he met some disciples.
Acts 19:2 He asked them, "Did you receive the Holy Spirit after you believed?" They replied, "We haven't even heard if there is a Holy Spirit."
Acts 19:3 He asked them, "Then what baptism did you receive?" They replied, "John's baptism."
Acts 19:4 Paul said, John truly baptized with a baptism to show repentance, telling the people to believe in the one coming after him, that is, in Christ Jesus.
Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of Jesus.
Acts 19:6 When Paul put his hands on them, God's Spirit came upon them; they spoke in different languages and gave God's messages.
Acts 19:7 There were about twelve men in total.
Acts 19:8 He went to the meeting place and spoke confidently for three months, discussing and convincing people about God's kingdom.
Acts 19:9 But when some people became stubborn and did not believe, and talked badly about the faith in front of many, he left them, took the believers aside, and discussed with them every day in the school of Tyrannus.
Acts 19:10 This went on for two years, so that everyone living in Asia heard the message of Lord Jesus, including Jews and Greeks.
Acts 19:11 God did amazing miracles through Paul.
Acts 19:12 People took cloths and aprons from his body to the ill, and their sicknesses left them, and the bad spirits came out.
Acts 19:13 Some wandering Jewish people who cast out demons tried to use the name of Jesus that Paul talks about, saying to the evil spirits, "We command you by Jesus to come out."
Acts 19:14 There were seven sons of a Jewish man named Sceva, a high priest, who did the same.
Acts 19:15 The evil spirit spoke back, "I know Jesus and I know Paul; but who are you?"
Acts 19:16 The man with the evil spirit jumped on them, beat them, and was too strong for them, so they ran away from the house naked and hurt.
Acts 19:17 Everyone in Ephesus, both Jews and Greeks, learned about this; they all became afraid, and they praised the name of Jesus greatly.
Acts 19:18 Many who believed came, admitted their actions, and showed what they had done.
Acts 19:19 Many people who practiced magic collected their books and burned them in front of everyone. They added up the value of the books and it was fifty thousand silver coins.
Acts 19:20 God's message spread powerfully and won.
Acts 19:21 After finishing these tasks, Paul decided to travel through Macedonia and Achaia and then go to Jerusalem. He said, "After visiting there, I must go to Rome too."
Acts 19:22 So he sent two helpers, Timothy and Erastus, to Macedonia, while he stayed in Asia for a while.
Acts 19:23 At that time, there was quite a commotion about that way.
Acts 19:24 A man named Demetrius, a silversmith who made silver temples for Diana, earned a lot of money for the craftsmen.
Acts 19:25 He gathered the craftsmen of the same trade and said, "Friends, you know that we earn our living from this skill."
Acts 19:26 You see and hear that not only in Ephesus but also across Asia, this Paul has convinced and led many people away by saying that handmade things are not gods.
Acts 19:27 So, our work is at risk of being ignored; and the temple of the great goddess Diana may be looked down on, and her grandness ruined, which all Asia and the world worships.
Acts 19:28 When they heard this, they became very angry and started shouting, "Diana of the Ephesians is great!"
Acts 19:29 The whole city was confused, and they grabbed Gaius and Aristarchus, Macedonians and Paul's travel friends, and all together they ran to the theater.
Acts 19:30 When Paul wanted to meet with the people, the disciples did not allow him.
Acts 19:31 Some of the Asian leaders who were his friends sent him a message, asking him not to risk going into the theater.
Acts 19:32 So some in the crowd shouted one thing, some another. The group was mixed up, and most didn't know why they had gathered.
Acts 19:33 They pulled Alexander from the crowd, the Jews pushing him to the front. Alexander waved his hand, wanting to explain himself to the people.
Acts 19:34 When they realized he was a Jew, everyone shouted together for about two hours, "Diana of the Ephesians is great!"
Acts 19:35 When the city clerk made the crowd quiet, he said, "People of Ephesus, everyone knows that our city worships the great goddess Diana and the statue that came down from the god Jupiter."
Acts 19:36 Since these facts are undeniable, you should stay calm and not act hastily.
Acts 19:37 You have brought these men here who have not stolen from churches or spoken against your goddess.
Acts 19:38 If Demetrius and the other workers have a complaint against someone, they can go to court, where the officials are: they should argue their case there.
Acts 19:39 If you ask about other issues, a legal meeting will decide them.
Acts 19:40 We are at risk of being questioned about today's chaos, as there is no reason to explain this crowd.
Acts 19:41 After saying this, he sent the people away.

Acts 20:1 After the disturbance stopped, Paul gathered the disciples, hugged them, and left to go to Macedonia.
Acts 20:2 After he traveled through those areas and encouraged the people a lot, he went to Greece.
Acts 20:3 He stayed there three months. When the Jews planned to catch him as he prepared to sail to Syria, he decided to go back through Macedonia.
Acts 20:4 Going with him to Asia were Sopater from Berea; from Thessalonica, Aristarchus and Secundus; Gaius from Derbe; Timothy; and from Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Acts 20:5 Those who went ahead waited for us in Troas.
Acts 20:6 We left Philippi after the Festival of Unleavened Bread and reached Troas in five days, where we stayed for seven days.
Acts 20:7 On the first day of the week, when the followers met to share a meal, Paul spoke to them, planning to leave the next day. He kept talking until midnight.
Acts 20:8 There were many lamps in the upstairs room where they met.
Acts 20:9 A young man named Eutychus was sitting in a window and fell into a deep sleep while Paul was speaking for a long time. He fell asleep, dropped from the third story, and was picked up dead.
Acts 20:10 Paul went down, hugged him, and said, "Don't worry; he's still alive."
Acts 20:11 After he returned, shared food, ate, and talked for many hours until morning, he left.
Acts 20:12 They brought the young man back alive, and they were very comforted.
Acts 20:13 We went ahead to the ship and sailed to Assos to pick up Paul, as he had planned to join us there on foot.
Acts 20:14 When he joined us at Assos, we brought him aboard and sailed to Mitylene.
Acts 20:15 We sailed from there and reached Chios the next day; the following day we went to Samos and stopped at Trogyllium, and the day after, we arrived at Miletus.
Acts 20:16 Paul decided to pass by Ephesus because he did not want to stay in Asia. He hurried to try to be in Jerusalem for Pentecost.
Acts 20:17 From Miletus, he sent a message to Ephesus and invited the church leaders.
Acts 20:18 When they arrived, he told them, "You are aware, from the first day I arrived in Asia, how I have always acted with you."
Acts 20:19 Serving God with complete humility, and with many tears and trials that happened to me because of the Jews' secret plots.
Acts 20:20 I held back nothing useful for you, but showed and taught you openly and in homes.
Acts 20:21 Telling Jews and Greeks to turn to God and believe in our Lord Jesus Christ.
Acts 20:22 And now, I go to Jerusalem, tied by the spirit, not knowing what will happen to me there.
Acts 20:23 The Holy Spirit warns me in every city that chains and troubles are waiting for me.
Acts 20:24 These things do not bother me, and I do not consider my life important to myself, so I can complete my work happily, and the service I received from Lord Jesus, to share the good news of God's kindness.
Acts 20:25 Now I know that all of you, whom I have taught about God's kingdom, will not see me again.
Acts 20:26 Today, I tell you that I am innocent of harming anyone.
Acts 20:27 I have not avoided telling you everything God wants you to know.
Acts 20:28 Be careful to look after yourselves and everyone in your group, because the Holy Spirit has made you leaders to care for God's church that he bought with his blood.
Acts 20:29 I know that after I leave, fierce wolves will come among you and not be kind to the sheep.
Acts 20:30 From among you, some will come, saying wrong things to lead followers to themselves.
Acts 20:31 So be alert and remember that for three years I never stopped warning each of you, day and night, with tears.
Acts 20:32 Now, friends, I entrust you to God and to his kind message, which can strengthen you and provide you with a share among all who are made holy.
Acts 20:33 I have not desired anyone's money, gold, or clothes.
Acts 20:34 Yes, you know that these hands have worked for my needs and for those with me.
Acts 20:35 I have shown you in every way, by working hard you must help the weak and remember what Jesus said, "It is better to give than to get."
Acts 20:36 After saying this, he knelt down and prayed with everyone.
Acts 20:37 They all cried hard, hugged Paul, and kissed him.
Acts 20:38 They were very sad because he said they would never see him again. And they went with him to the boat.

Acts 21:1 After we had left them and set sail, we went straight to Kos, then the next day to Rhodes, and from there to Patara.
Acts 21:2 We found a ship going to Phoenicia, boarded it, and set sail.
Acts 21:3 After we saw Cyprus, we passed it on our left, sailed to Syria, and arrived at Tyre, where the ship was supposed to unload its cargo.
Acts 21:4 We met followers and stayed there seven days. They told Paul by the Spirit not to go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:5 After we finished those days, we left and went on our journey; everyone came with us, including wives and children, until we were outside the city; then we knelt on the beach and prayed.
Acts 21:6 After we said goodbye, we boarded a ship and they went back home.
Acts 21:7 After we sailed from Tyre, we arrived in Ptolemais, greeted the believers, and stayed with them for one day.
Acts 21:8 The next day, we who were with Paul left and went to Caesarea. We went to the home of Philip the evangelist, who was one of the seven, and stayed with him.
Acts 21:9 The man had four daughters who were virgins and could prophesy.
Acts 21:10 While we stayed there for several days, a prophet named Agabus came to us from Judea.
Acts 21:11 When he arrived, he took Paul's belt, tied his own hands and feet, and said, "The Holy Spirit says, 'This is how the Jews in Jerusalem will tie up the man who owns this belt and hand him over to non-Jewish people.'"
Acts 21:12 When we heard this, we and the local people begged him not to go to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:13 Paul replied, "Why are you crying and making me so sad? I am willing to be arrested and even die in Jerusalem for Jesus."
Acts 21:14 When he wouldn't change his mind, we stopped and said, "Let God's will be done."
Acts 21:15 After that time, we packed our belongings and went to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:16 Some disciples from Caesarea went with us, and they brought Mnason from Cyprus, an early follower, to stay with.
Acts 21:17 When we arrived in Jerusalem, the fellow believers welcomed us happily.
Acts 21:18 The next day, Paul went with us to see James, and all the leaders were there.
Acts 21:19 After greeting them, he explained in detail what God had done among the non-Jews through his work.
Acts 21:20 When they heard this, they praised God and said to him, "You see, brother, how many thousands of Jews believe, and they are all very devoted to the law."
Acts 21:21 They have been told that you teach all the Jews living among non-Jews to abandon Moses's teachings by saying they shouldn't circumcise their kids or follow Jewish traditions.
Acts 21:22 So what should we do? A lot of people will gather because they will hear you have come.
Acts 21:23 Do what we tell you: We have four men who have made a promise.
Acts 21:24 Join them, make yourself pure with them, and help pay for their expenses, so they can cut their hair. Then everyone will know that what they heard about you is not true, and that you also live by the law and keep it.
Acts 21:25 Regarding the non-Jewish believers, we have decided they do not have to follow such rules, except they should avoid food given to idols, blood, animals not properly killed, and sexual immorality.
Acts 21:26 Paul went with the men and the following day, they all purified themselves and went into the temple. There, they showed that the days of purification were finished and waited until a sacrifice was made for each of them.
Acts 21:27 When the seven days were almost over, the Asian Jews saw him in the temple, they upset everyone, and grabbed him.
Acts 21:28 Calling out, Men of Israel, help! This is the man who teaches everyone everywhere against our people, the law, and this place. He has also brought Greeks into the temple, making this holy place unclean.
Acts 21:29 They had earlier seen Trophimus from Ephesus with Paul in the city and thought Paul had taken him into the temple.
Acts 21:30 The whole city was stirred up, and the people rushed together. They seized Paul and dragged him out of the temple, and immediately the doors were closed.
Acts 21:31 As they were trying to kill him, news reached the commander of the soldiers that the whole city of Jerusalem was in chaos.
Acts 21:32 He quickly got some soldiers and officers and ran to them. When they saw the commander and the soldiers, they stopped hitting Paul.
Acts 21:33 The commander came close, took him, and ordered him to be tied up with two chains; then he asked who he was and what he had done.
Acts 21:34 Different people in the crowd were shouting different things, and because of the noise, he couldn't understand what was happening, so he ordered the man to be taken into the fort.
Acts 21:35 When he reached the stairs, the soldiers carried him because of the crowd's violence.
Acts 21:36 Many people followed, shouting, "Take him away!"
Acts 21:37 As Paul was about to be taken into the fortress, he asked the commander, "May I talk to you?" The commander replied, "You know Greek?"
Acts 21:38 Aren't you the Egyptian who recently caused a commotion and led four thousand murderers into the desert?
Acts 21:39 But Paul said, "I am a Jewish man from Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, and I am from an important city. Please let me speak to the people."
Acts 21:40 After getting permission, Paul stood on the steps and signaled to the people with his hand. When everyone was quiet, he spoke to them in Hebrew, saying,

Acts 22:1 Friends and fathers, listen to my defense that I am presenting to you now.
Acts 22:2 When they heard he was speaking Hebrew to them, they became even quieter, and he said,
Acts 22:3 I am truly a man who is a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, but raised in this city, taught by Gamaliel in the full way of our ancestors' law, and very devoted to God, just like all of you today.
Acts 22:4 I persecuted followers of this way to death, arresting and jailing both men and women.
Acts 22:5 The high priest and all the leaders can confirm this. They gave me letters for the believers, and I went to Damascus to arrest those there and bring them to Jerusalem to be punished.
Acts 22:6 As I was traveling and getting close to Damascus around midday, suddenly a bright light from the sky shone all around me.
Acts 22:7 I fell to the ground and heard a voice say to me, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?"
Acts 22:8 I asked, "Who are you, God?" And he told me, "I am Jesus of Nazareth, the one you are persecuting."
Acts 22:9 Those with me saw the light and were scared, but they didn't hear the voice that spoke to me.
Acts 22:10 I asked, "What should I do, God?" And God told me, "Get up and go to Damascus, and there you will be told about everything you are meant to do."
Acts 22:11 When the bright light made me blind, those with me guided me by hand into Damascus.
Acts 22:12 A man named Ananias, who was religious and respected the law, was well spoken of by all the Jewish people living there.
Acts 22:13 He came to me, stood by me, and said, "Brother Saul, you can see now!" Right away, I could see him.
Acts 22:14 He said, "The God of our ancestors has picked you to know His will, see the Righteous One, and hear what He says."
Acts 22:15 You will tell everyone what you have seen and heard as his witness.
Acts 22:16 Why are you waiting? Get up, be baptized, and clean away your sins by calling on God's name.
Acts 22:17 When I returned to Jerusalem and was praying in the temple, I fell into a trance.
Acts 22:18 I saw him telling me, "Hurry and leave Jerusalem quickly because they won't accept your testimony about me."
Acts 22:19 I said, God, they know I locked up and hit those in every synagogue who believed in you.
Acts 22:20 When Stephen, who was killed for his faith, bled, I was there too, agreeing to his death and watching over the clothes of those who killed him.
Acts 22:21 He said to me, "Go away, because I will send you far off to the non-Jewish people."
Acts 22:22 They listened to him until he said this, then they shouted, "Get rid of him! He should not be allowed to live."
Acts 22:23 As they shouted, they took off their clothes and threw dust into the air.
Acts 22:24 The commander ordered that he be taken into the fort and told them to find out why people were shouting against him by whipping him.
Acts 22:25 As they tied Paul with straps, he asked the officer standing nearby, "Is it legal for you to whip a Roman citizen who has not been found guilty?"
Acts 22:26 When the officer heard this, he went to the commander and said, "Be careful what you do, because this man is a Roman."
Acts 22:27 The commanding officer approached and asked him, "Are you a Roman citizen?" He answered, "Yes."
Acts 22:28 The commander said, "I paid a lot to become free." Paul replied, "But I was born free."
Acts 22:29 As soon as they realized he was a Roman citizen, those who were about to interrogate him backed off. The commander was also scared because he had tied him up.
Acts 22:30 The next day, wanting to understand exactly why he was accused by the Jews, he released him from his shackles, ordered the high priests and their whole council to meet, took Paul down, and placed him in front of them.

Acts 23:1 Paul looked intently at the council and said, "Friends, I have lived with a clear conscience before God up to today."
Acts 23:2 The high priest Ananias ordered those standing nearby to hit him on the mouth.
Acts 23:3 Paul said to him, "God will strike you, you painted wall. Do you sit to judge me by the law, yet you order me to be hit against the law?"
Acts 23:4 The bystanders asked, "Are you insulting God's chief priest?"
Acts 23:5 Paul said, "Brothers, I didn't know he was the high priest; because it's said, 'You must not say bad things about the leader of your people.'"
Acts 23:6 But when Paul realized that some were Sadducees and some Pharisees, he shouted in the meeting, "Friends, I am a Pharisee, born from Pharisees. I am on trial because of my hope in the resurrection of the dead."
Acts 23:7 After he said this, a disagreement started between the Pharisees and the Sadducees, and the crowd split up.
Acts 23:8 The Sadducees believe there is no resurrection, angels, or spirits, but the Pharisees believe in all of these.
Acts 23:9 A loud shout went up, and the Pharisees' legal experts stood, arguing, "We find nothing wrong with this man. If a spirit or an angel has spoken to him, we shouldn't oppose God."
Acts 23:10 When a big argument started, the commander, worried Paul might be torn apart by the crowd, ordered the soldiers to go down, forcefully take him from the people, and bring him into the fortress.
Acts 23:11 The next night, God stood by him and said, "Cheer up, Paul. Just as you told people about me in Jerusalem, you must also speak about me in Rome."
Acts 23:12 When daylight came, some Jews made a pact, swearing not to eat or drink until they had killed Paul.
Acts 23:13 Over forty people were involved in this plan.
Acts 23:14 They went to the religious leaders and said, "We have made a serious promise not to eat anything until we have killed Paul."
Acts 23:15 So now, tell the commander with the council to bring him to you tomorrow, pretending you want to ask him more questions. And before he gets there, we will be ready to kill him.
Acts 23:16 When Paul's nephew found out about the ambush, he went into the fort and told Paul.
Acts 23:17 Paul called one of the officers over and said, "Take this young man to the commander; he has something important to tell him."
Acts 23:18 He took him and brought him to the commander, saying, "Paul the prisoner asked me to bring this young man to you because he has something to tell you."
Acts 23:19 The leader took his hand, led him to a quiet place, and asked, "What do you need to tell me?"
Acts 23:20 He said, "The Jews want to ask you to bring Paul to the council tomorrow, as if they will ask him more questions."
Acts 23:21 But don't give in to them. Over forty men are hiding, ready to kill him. They took an oath not to eat or drink until they do. Now they're waiting for your word.
Acts 23:22 So the commander let the young man go and ordered him, "Don't tell anyone that you have told me this."
Acts 23:23 He called two army commanders and said, "Prepare two hundred soldiers, seventy horse riders, and two hundred spearmen to leave for Caesarea at three o'clock in the morning."
Acts 23:24 Give them animals to put Paul on, to take him safely to Governor Felix.
Acts 23:25 He wrote a letter like this:
Acts 23:26 Claudius Lysias sends greetings to the honored governor Felix.
Acts 23:27 The Jews had seized this man and were about to kill him when I came with soldiers and saved him because I learned he was a Roman.
Acts 23:28 I brought him to their meeting to understand why they were accusing him.
Acts 23:29 I saw he was accused about their law issues, but nothing was charged against him deserving death or prison.
Acts 23:30 When I heard that the Jews were planning to ambush the man, I immediately sent him to you and ordered his accusers to present their case against him to you. Goodbye.
Acts 23:31 The soldiers followed orders, took Paul, and moved him at night to Antipatris.
Acts 23:32 The next day they let the horsemen go with him and went back to the fort.
Acts 23:33 When they got to Caesarea and gave the letter to the governor, they also brought Paul before him.
Acts 23:34 After the governor read the letter, he asked which area he was from. When he learned that it was Cilicia;
Acts 23:35 I will listen to you, he said, when your accusers arrive. And he ordered him to be held in Herod's court.

Acts 24:1 Five days later, the high priest Ananias came down with some elders and a speaker named Tertullus, who accused Paul to the governor.
Acts 24:2 When he was brought out, Tertullus started to accuse him, saying, "Because of you we have much peace, and good things are done for our nation by your care."
Acts 24:3 We always accept it everywhere, most respected Felix, with great thanks.
Acts 24:4 But so I don't bother you too much, I ask you kindly to listen to us for just a moment.
Acts 24:5 We have found this man to be a troublemaker, stirring up rebellion among Jews everywhere, and the leader of the Nazarene group.
Acts 24:6 He also tried to disrespect the temple; we caught him and wanted to judge him by our law.
Acts 24:7 The commander Lysias came and with strong force took him from us.
Acts 24:8 Telling his accusers to appear before you, so you can find out about all the things we are accusing him of by questioning him yourself.
Acts 24:9 The Jews agreed, saying that this was true.
Acts 24:10 Then Paul, when the governor signaled him to speak, replied, "Knowing that you have been a judge for this nation for many years, I happily defend myself."
Acts 24:11 I want you to understand that I went up to Jerusalem to worship only twelve days ago.
Acts 24:12 They did not find me arguing with anyone at the temple, or stirring up the crowd, either in the synagogues or in the city.
Acts 24:13 They cannot show proof of what they accuse me of now.
Acts 24:14 I admit to you that I worship the God of my ancestors in the way they call heresy, believing in everything written in the law and the prophets.
Acts 24:15 Have hope in God, as they do, that the dead will rise, both good and bad people.
Acts 24:16 I always try to keep a clear conscience before God and everyone.
Acts 24:17 After many years, I came to bring help and gifts to my people.
Acts 24:18 Some Jews from Asia saw me clean in the temple, without a crowd or commotion.
Acts 24:19 They should have been here to accuse me in front of you, if they had any charge against me.
Acts 24:20 Or let these people here tell if they found any wrong in me when I was before the council.
Acts 24:21 I am on trial before you today just because I said, while standing among them, that the dead are raised.
Acts 24:22 When Felix heard this, knowing more about the way, he postponed the decision, saying, "When Captain Lysias comes, I will fully examine your case."
Acts 24:23 He ordered a captain to guard Paul, allow him freedom, and let his friends visit and help him.
Acts 24:24 After some time, Felix and his wife Drusilla, who was Jewish, arrived. He called for Paul to listen to him talk about faith in Christ.
Acts 24:25 As he talked about being right, self-control, and the future judgment, Felix became scared and said, "Leave now; when I find the right time, I will send for you."
Acts 24:26 He also hoped that Paul would give him money to release him, so he sent for him more often and talked with him.
Acts 24:27 Two years later, Porcius Festus replaced Felix. Felix, wanting to please the Jews, kept Paul in chains.

Acts 25:1 When Festus arrived in the area, three days later he went up from Caesarea to Jerusalem.
Acts 25:2 The high priest and the Jewish leaders told him about Paul and asked him.
Acts 25:3 They asked for a favor against him, wanting him to be brought to Jerusalem, planning to ambush and kill him on the way.
Acts 25:4 Festus replied that Paul should stay in Caesarea and that he would go there soon.
Acts 25:5 So he said, "Those of you who can, come with me and accuse this man if he has done anything wrong."
Acts 25:6 After staying with them for over ten days, he went to Caesarea; the following day, he sat on the judge's bench and ordered that Paul be brought in.
Acts 25:7 When he arrived, the Jews from Jerusalem gathered around him and made many serious accusations against Paul that they could not prove.
Acts 25:8 While speaking for myself, I have done nothing wrong against the Jewish law, the temple, or the ruler.
Acts 25:9 But Festus, wanting to please the Jews, replied to Paul, "Do you want to go to Jerusalem and be judged for these matters there with me present?"
Acts 25:10 Paul said, "I am standing before Caesar's court, where I should be judged. I have done nothing wrong to the Jews, and you know this very well."
Acts 25:11 If I have done something wrong that deserves death, I'm not afraid to die. But if I'm not guilty of what they accuse me of, no one has the right to hand me over to them. I want to go to Caesar.
Acts 25:12 Then Festus, after talking with his advisors, said, "Have you asked to go to Caesar? To Caesar you will go."
Acts 25:13 After some time, King Agrippa and Bernice went to Caesarea to greet Festus.
Acts 25:14 After spending several days there, Festus explained Paul's situation to the king, saying, "Felix left a man in jail."
Acts 25:15 In Jerusalem, the Jewish leaders and chief priests told me about him, wanting him to be judged.
Acts 25:16 I replied, "Romans do not hand over anyone to death without letting the accused meet the accusers and defend themselves against the charges."
Acts 25:17 So, when they arrived here, I wasted no time the next day and sat on the judge's bench, and ordered the man to be brought in.
Acts 25:18 When the accusers stood up against him, they did not bring any charges like I thought they would.
Acts 25:19 They had some issues with their own beliefs and about Jesus who had died, but Paul claimed he was alive.
Acts 25:20 Since I was unsure about such issues, I asked him if he wanted to go to Jerusalem and be judged there on these matters.
Acts 25:21 When Paul asked to wait for a trial before Augustus, I ordered him to be held until I could send him to Caesar.
Acts 25:22 Agrippa said to Festus, "I also want to hear the man myself." "Tomorrow," he said, "you will hear him."
Acts 25:23 The next day, Agrippa and Bernice arrived with much show. They went into the hearing room with the top officers and leading men of the city. At Festus' order, Paul was brought in.
Acts 25:24 Festus said, "King Agrippa, and everyone here with us, look at this man. All the Jewish people have come to me about him, in Jerusalem and here too, shouting that he should not live anymore."
Acts 25:25 When I discovered he did nothing deserving death and he has asked to go to Augustus, I decided to send him.
Acts 25:26 I have nothing specific to report to you about him. So I have brought him before all of you, and especially before you, King Agrippa, so that after we question him, I can have something to write.
Acts 25:27 To me, it seems unfair to send a prisoner without stating the charges against him.

Acts 26:1 Then Agrippa told Paul, "You may now speak for yourself." So Paul reached out his hand and began to explain his side.
Acts 26:2 I am happy, King Agrippa, because today I get to explain to you everything the Jews accuse me of.
Acts 26:3 I know you're skilled in all Jewish customs and issues, so I ask you to listen to me patiently.
Acts 26:4 Since I was young, I have lived in my own country, in Jerusalem, and all the Jews know how I have lived.
Acts 26:5 Those who have known me for a long time would say that I strictly followed our religion's rules as a Pharisee.
Acts 26:6 I am here on trial because of the hope in the promise God made to our ancestors.
Acts 26:7 Our twelve tribes hope to receive what God promised, as they serve God constantly, day and night. For this hope, King Agrippa, I am being accused by the Jews.
Acts 26:8 Why is it hard for you to believe that God can bring the dead back to life?
Acts 26:9 I truly believed that I should do many things against Jesus of Nazareth.
Acts 26:10 I also did this in Jerusalem: I locked up many of God's holy people in prison, with the chief priests' permission; and when they were killed, I was against them.
Acts 26:11 I often punished them in every synagogue and forced them to speak against God; I was very angry with them and chased them even to foreign cities.
Acts 26:12 While I was going to Damascus with the chief priests' permission and orders,
Acts 26:13 At noon, O king, I saw a light from the sky brighter than the sun shining all around me and those traveling with me.
Acts 26:14 When we all fell to the ground, I heard a voice saying to me in Hebrew, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? It's hard for you to fight against what's right."
Acts 26:15 And I asked, "Who are you, God?" And he replied, "I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting."
Acts 26:16 Stand up and stay on your feet. I have shown myself to you to appoint you as a servant and a witness of what you have seen and what I will show you.
Acts 26:17 Saving you from the people and from the non-Jews, to whom I now send you.
Acts 26:18 To make them see, and to change them from darkness to light, and from Satan's control to God, so they can have their sins forgiven and share in the blessings with those made holy by trusting in me.
Acts 26:19 So, King Agrippa, I followed the vision from heaven.
Acts 26:20 God first revealed himself to the people of Damascus, then in Jerusalem, all over Judaea, and to non-Jewish people, telling them to change their ways, turn to God, and do things that show they are sorry for their sins.
Acts 26:21 For these reasons, the Jews grabbed me in the temple and tried to kill me.
Acts 26:22 So, with God's help I am still here today, telling everyone, both important and not, only what the prophets and Moses said would happen.
Acts 26:23 Christ had to suffer, be the first to rise from the dead, and bring light to the people and the non-Jews.
Acts 26:24 As he defended himself, Festus shouted, "Paul, you're out of your mind; your great learning is driving you insane."
Acts 26:25 He replied, "I am not crazy, respected Festus; I am speaking words of truth and seriousness."
Acts 26:26 The king knows about these things, and I can speak openly to him: I am sure he is aware of them, because this was not done secretly.
Acts 26:27 King Agrippa, do you believe the prophets? I know that you believe.
Acts 26:28 Agrippa said to Paul, "You almost convince me to become a Christian."
Acts 26:29 Paul said, "I wish to God that not only you but also everyone listening today could be almost exactly like me, except for being in chains."
Acts 26:30 After he said this, the king stood up, along with the governor and Bernice, and everyone sitting with them.
Acts 26:31 After they left, they said to each other, "This man hasn't done anything to deserve death or imprisonment."
Acts 26:32 Agrippa said to Festus, "This man could have been freed if he had not asked to go to Caesar."

Acts 27:1 When it was decided that we would sail to Italy, they handed Paul and some other prisoners over to a man named Julius, who was a captain in Augustus' army.
Acts 27:2 We got on a boat from Adramyttium and set sail to pass by the coasts of Asia, with a man named Aristarchus from Thessalonica in Macedonia joining us.
Acts 27:3 The next day we arrived at Sidon. Julius kindly treated Paul and allowed him to visit his friends to rest.
Acts 27:4 After we left there, we sailed near Cyprus because the winds were against us.
Acts 27:5 After crossing the sea near Cilicia and Pamphylia, we arrived at Myra, a city in Lycia.
Acts 27:6 The officer found a ship from Alexandria going to Italy and put us on it.
Acts 27:7 After sailing slowly for many days and barely passing Cnidus because the wind was against us, we sailed below Crete, near Salmone.
Acts 27:8 After barely getting past it, they reached a place called Fair Havens, near the city of Lasea.
Acts 27:9 After a lot of time had passed, and sailing had become risky because the time of fasting was over, Paul warned them.
Acts 27:10 He said to them, "Friends, I see that this trip will bring harm and much loss, not just to the cargo and the ship, but to our lives too."
Acts 27:11 The officer trusted the ship's captain and owner more than what Paul said.
Acts 27:12 Since the harbor wasn't good for staying the winter, most people suggested leaving to try to reach Phoenix and spend the winter there; it's a harbor on Crete, facing southwest and northwest.
Acts 27:13 When the south wind gently blew, thinking they had achieved their goal, they left and sailed near Crete.
Acts 27:14 Soon after, a strong storm called Euroclydon came up against it.
Acts 27:15 When the ship was trapped and couldn't sail into the wind, we let it go wherever it was pushed.
Acts 27:16 Sailing close to an island named Clauda, we worked hard to secure the lifeboat.
Acts 27:17 After they lifted it, they supported the ship with ropes. Worried about hitting the sandbanks, they lowered the sails and let the wind carry them.
Acts 27:18 We were greatly shaken by a storm, so the next day they threw cargo overboard to lighten the ship.
Acts 27:19 On the third day, we threw the ship's equipment overboard with our own hands.
Acts 27:20 When the sun and stars did not show for many days and a big storm was upon us, we lost all hope of being saved.
Acts 27:21 But after not eating for a long time, Paul stood up among them and said, "Friends, you should have listened to me and not left Crete, then we could have avoided this trouble and loss."
Acts 27:22 I encourage you to stay positive because no one will lose their life, only the ship will be lost.
Acts 27:23 Last night, God's angel, who I belong to and serve, stood by me.
Acts 27:24 "God says, 'Don't be afraid, Paul. You will be taken to Caesar, and God has granted the safety of everyone sailing with you.'"
Acts 27:25 So, friends, cheer up: for I trust God, that it will happen just as I was told.
Acts 27:26 We have to land on a certain island.
Acts 27:27 On the fourteenth night, as we were still being tossed around in the sea near Adria, around midnight the sailors thought we were getting close to land.
Acts 27:28 They measured and found it was twenty fathoms deep. After going a bit further, they measured again and it was fifteen fathoms deep.
Acts 27:29 Afraid we might hit rocks, they threw four anchors from the back of the ship and hoped for daylight.
Acts 27:30 As the sailors were trying to escape from the ship by lowering the lifeboat into the sea, pretending they were going to drop anchors from the front of the ship,
Acts 27:31 Paul told the officer and soldiers, "If these men don't stay on the ship, you won't be saved."
Acts 27:32 Then the soldiers cut the ropes of the boat and let it drift away.
Acts 27:33 As the day began, Paul urged everyone to eat, saying, "Today is the fourteenth day you've waited and fasted without eating anything."
Acts 27:34 So I ask you to eat some food, because it is good for you. Not even a single hair from your heads will be lost.
Acts 27:35 After saying this, he took some bread, thanked God in front of everyone, broke it, and started to eat.
Acts 27:36 Then they all felt encouraged and ate some food.
Acts 27:37 There were 276 of us on the ship.
Acts 27:38 After they ate enough, they made the ship lighter by throwing the wheat into the sea.
Acts 27:39 When daylight came, they did not recognize the land, but they saw a bay with a beach and decided to try to drive the ship onto it if they could.
Acts 27:40 After they lifted the anchors, they let themselves go on the sea, released the steering ropes, raised the main sail to catch the wind, and headed for the shore.
Acts 27:41 They crashed the ship where two seas came together; the front stuck firm and wouldn't move, while the back part broke from the strong waves.
Acts 27:42 The soldiers decided to kill the prisoners to prevent any from swimming away and escaping.
Acts 27:43 The officer, wanting to save Paul, stopped them from their plan. He ordered those who could swim to jump into the sea and go to shore first.
Acts 27:44 The others held onto planks or pieces of the ship, and this way, everyone safely reached shore.

Acts 28:1 After they were safe, they learned that the island's name was Melita.
Acts 28:2 The local people were very kind to us. They made a fire and welcomed all of us because it was raining and cold.
Acts 28:3 When Paul collected some sticks and put them on the fire, a snake came out from the warmth and bit his hand.
Acts 28:4 When the local people saw the poisonous snake hanging from his hand, they said to each other, "Surely this man is a killer. Even though he survived the sea, justice will not let him live."
Acts 28:5 He threw the snake into the fire and was not hurt.
Acts 28:6 They expected him to swell up or suddenly drop dead, but when they watched for a long time and saw nothing bad happen to him, they changed their minds and said he was a god.
Acts 28:7 In that area, the island's leader, named Publius, owned land. He welcomed us and kindly let us stay for three days.
Acts 28:8 Publius's father was sick with a fever and severe diarrhea. Paul went to him, prayed, put his hands on him, and healed him.
Acts 28:9 After this happened, more people on the island who were sick came and were healed.
Acts 28:10 They also showed us much respect and gave us what we needed when we left.
Acts 28:11 After three months, we left on a ship from Alexandria that had spent the winter on the island, marked with the symbols Castor and Pollux.
Acts 28:12 We landed at Syracuse and stayed there for three days.
Acts 28:13 From there we circled around and reached Rhegium. After one day, a south wind started blowing, and the next day we arrived at Puteoli.
Acts 28:14 We met fellow believers who asked us to stay with them for seven days; then we continued on to Rome.
Acts 28:15 From there, when the believers heard about us, they came to meet us all the way to the Market of Appius and the Three Inns. When Paul saw them, he thanked God and felt encouraged.
Acts 28:16 When we arrived in Rome, the centurion handed the prisoners over to the guard's commander, but Paul was allowed to live alone with a soldier guarding him.
Acts 28:17 After three days, Paul gathered the Jewish leaders. Once they assembled, he told them, "Friends, although I did nothing against our people or our ancestors' ways, I was still handed over as a prisoner from Jerusalem to the Romans."
Acts 28:18 After they questioned me, they wanted to release me because they found no reason to kill me.
Acts 28:19 But when the Jews spoke against me, I had to ask for Caesar's judgment; not because I had any charges against my people.
Acts 28:20 I called for you so I could see and talk with you, because I am chained up due to the hope of Israel.
Acts 28:21 They told him, "We haven't gotten any letters from Judea about you, and none of our friends who have come here have spoken or said anything bad about you."
Acts 28:22 We want to hear what you think, because people everywhere speak against this group.
Acts 28:23 When they set a day, many came to his place. He explained the kingdom of God to them, convincing them about Jesus using the laws of Moses and the prophets, all day long.
Acts 28:24 Some believed what was said, and some did not believe.
Acts 28:25 When they could not agree, they left after Paul said, "The Holy Spirit was right to speak to our ancestors through the prophet Isaiah."
Acts 28:26 Go to these people and tell them, "Though you listen, you will not understand; though you look, you will not really see."
Acts 28:27 The hearts of these people have become hard, their ears are hard to hear, and they have shut their eyes. Otherwise, they might see with their eyes, hear with their ears, understand with their hearts, turn to me, and be healed by me.
Acts 28:28 Know this: God's salvation is sent to the non-Jews, and they will listen to it.
Acts 28:29 After he said this, the Jews left and had intense discussions with each other.
Acts 28:30 Paul lived for two full years in a house he rented, and he welcomed everyone who visited him.
Acts 28:31 Teaching about God's kingdom and explaining things about the Lord Jesus Christ with full confidence, and no one stopping him.

Romans 1:1 Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, chosen to be an apostle, set apart for the good news of God,
Romans 1:2 He promised this before through his prophets in the holy writings.
Romans 1:3 About his son Jesus Christ our Lord, who was born from David's descendants in the flesh;
Romans 1:4 Shown to be God's Son with power, by being raised from the dead, according to the spirit of holiness.
Romans 1:5 Through him, we received kindness and the task to bring people from all countries to follow the faith, all for his honor.
Romans 1:6 You are also called to belong to Jesus Christ.
Romans 1:7 To everyone in Rome loved by God and called to be holy: May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
Romans 1:8 First, I thank God through Jesus Christ for all of you because people around the world are talking about your faith.
Romans 1:9 God is my witness, whom I serve with my heart in telling the good news about his Son, that I always mention you in my prayers without stopping.
Romans 1:10 Asking if maybe now at last I could have a successful trip, if God is willing, to visit you.
Romans 1:11 I really want to see you, so I can give you a spiritual gift to help strengthen your faith.
Romans 1:12 I want us to be encouraged by the faith we share.
Romans 1:13 I don't want you to be unaware, friends, that I have often planned to visit you, but was prevented until now, so that I could have some success with you, just as I have had with other non-Jews.
Romans 1:14 I owe something to both Greeks and non-Greeks, to the educated and the uneducated.
Romans 1:15 I am ready to share the good news with you in Rome, as much as I can.
Romans 1:16 I am not embarrassed about the good news of Christ because it is God's power to save everyone who believes, first the Jew and also the Greek.
Romans 1:17 In it, God's goodness is shown, starting with faith and leading to more faith: it's said, people who are fair will have life through faith.
Romans 1:18 God's anger comes from heaven against all the badness and wrongs of people who live against the truth.
Romans 1:19 What can be known about God is clear to them, because God has shown it to them.
Romans 1:20 God's invisible qualities have been clearly seen since the world was created, understood through what has been made, including his eternal power and nature, leaving no one with an excuse.
Romans 1:21 Even though they knew God, they did not honor him as God or give thanks. Instead, they thought up useless ideas, and their senseless minds became dark.
Romans 1:22 Claiming to be smart, they turned into fools.
Romans 1:23 They turned the honor of the eternal God into pictures of humans, birds, animals, and reptiles.
Romans 1:24 So God let them follow their hearts' desires, which led to impurity and dishonoring their own bodies with each other.
Romans 1:25 Who turned God's truth into a lie, and worshiped and served what was created instead of the Creator, who is always blessed. Amen.
Romans 1:26 Because of this, God let them follow shameful desires. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones.
Romans 1:27 Men also left natural relations with women and were consumed with desire for each other. Men did shameful things with other men and suffered in themselves the due penalty for their wrongs.
Romans 1:28 Since they did not think it worthwhile to keep God in their understanding, God let them follow their own thinking, which leads to wrong actions.
Romans 1:29 Filled with every kind of wrong, sexual sin, evil, greed, meanness; full of jealousy, killing, fighting, lying, ill-will; gossips,
Romans 1:30 People who talk badly about others, those who hate God, spiteful people, the proud, those who brag, creators of bad things, and those who do not obey their parents,
Romans 1:31 Lacking understanding, promise breakers, heartless, relentless, unkind:
Romans 1:32 People who know God's judgment understand that those doing such things deserve to die. They not only do these things but also enjoy seeing others do them.

Romans 2:1 So, you can't be excused, person, whoever you are that judges others: because when you judge someone else, you are judging yourself, since you do the same things.
Romans 2:2 We are certain that God's judgment is true and fair against those who do such things.
Romans 2:3 Do you think, man, that if you judge others for doing certain things and then do them yourself, you will avoid God's judgment?
Romans 2:4 Do you look down on the wealth of his kindness, tolerance, and patience, not realizing that God's goodness is meant to lead you to change your ways?
Romans 2:5 By being stubborn and unwilling to change, you are storing up anger for yourself for the day when God will show his fair judgment.
Romans 2:6 God will give to each person according to what they have done.
Romans 2:7 To those who keep on doing good and seek glory, honor, and never-ending life, God will give eternal life.
Romans 2:8 But for those who argue and don't follow the truth, but choose what's wrong, there will be anger and punishment.
Romans 2:9 Hard times and suffering will come to every person who does bad things, starting with the Jews and also to non-Jews.
Romans 2:10 But glory, honor, and peace to everyone who does good, first to the Jew and also to the non-Jew.
Romans 2:11 God does not show favoritism.
Romans 2:12 Everyone who sins without knowing God's law will still die, and those who sin knowing God's law will be judged by it.
Romans 2:13 It's not just those who hear the law who are right with God, but those who follow the law will be considered right.
Romans 2:14 For when people who do not have God's law naturally follow what it says, even without the law, they are their own guide.
Romans 2:15 They show that God's law is written in their hearts, their own conscience agrees, and their thoughts either accuse them or tell them they are right.
Romans 2:16 On the day God judges people's secrets through Jesus Christ, following my good news.
Romans 2:17 Look, you are known as a Jew, rely on the law, and take pride in God.
Romans 2:18 You know God's will, and you choose what is best, because you are taught by the law.
Romans 2:19 You are sure that you can guide the blind and be a light for those in the dark.
Romans 2:20 A teacher of the simple, a trainer of the young, who has the outline of knowledge and truth in the law.
Romans 2:21 So you, who teach others, do you not teach yourself? You who say people should not steal, do you steal?
Romans 2:22 You who say a person should not cheat in marriage, do you cheat? You who hate idols, do you disrespect holy things?
Romans 2:23 You who brag about the law, do you dishonor God by breaking the law?
Romans 2:24 Because of you, people who are not Jews speak badly about God, just like it is written.
Romans 2:25 Being circumcised is good if you follow the law, but if you break the law, your circumcision becomes worthless.
Romans 2:26 So if a person who is not circumcised follows the law's rules, won't that be just like being circumcised?
Romans 2:27 Won't the uncircumcised person by birth, if they follow the law, be able to judge you, who even with the written law and circumcision, break the law?
Romans 2:28 He is not a true Jew if he is only one outwardly, nor is true circumcision something external and physical.
Romans 2:29 A true Jew is one inside; and real circumcision is in the heart, by the spirit, not by written rules. Their praise comes not from people, but from God.

Romans 3:1 What advantage does the Jew have? Or what benefit comes from circumcision?
Romans 3:2 In many ways, mostly because God's messages were entrusted to them.
Romans 3:3 What if some do not believe? Does their lack of belief cancel out God's faithfulness?
Romans 3:4 Absolutely not! Yes, God is truthful, and all people are liars; as the scripture says, "So that you may be right in your words and win when you are judged."
Romans 3:5 If our wrongs show how right God is, what can we say? Is God wrong when He punishes? (I'm speaking like a human.)
Romans 3:6 Certainly not, because then how would God judge the world?
Romans 3:7 If God's truth has spread more because of my lie to his glory, then why am I still judged as a sinner?
Romans 3:8 And instead of being falsely accused, as some claim we say, "Let's do bad things so that good may happen"? Those who say this deserve to be punished.
Romans 3:9 So what? Are we better than them? Not at all: because we have already shown that both Jews and non-Jews are all guilty of sin.
Romans 3:10 It is written, no one is good, not even one.
Romans 3:11 No one understands; no one looks for God.
Romans 3:12 Everyone has strayed from the right path; they have all become useless; not even one person does good.
Romans 3:13 Their throat is like an open grave; they lie with their tongues; there is snake venom under their lips.
Romans 3:14 Their mouth is full of curses and bitterness.
Romans 3:15 Their feet quickly lead them to harm others.
Romans 3:16 Trouble and suffering are in their paths.
Romans 3:17 They do not know the way of peace.
Romans 3:18 They do not fear God at all.
Romans 3:19 We know that whatever the law says, it speaks to those who follow the law, so that no one can argue and the whole world is accountable to God.
Romans 3:20 No one will be seen as right by God only by following the law's rules, because the law shows us what sin is.
Romans 3:21 Now, God's goodness is shown without the law, and the law and prophets tell us about it.
Romans 3:22 God's righteousness comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe, there is no difference.
Romans 3:23 Everyone has sinned and falls short of God's glory.
Romans 3:24 We are made right with God for free by His kindness because of the rescue that comes through Jesus Christ.
Romans 3:25 God presented him as a sacrifice to forgive sins through faith in his blood, to show his righteousness by forgiving past sins because of God's patience.
Romans 3:26 I am telling now about God's goodness: so He can be fair and make right those who trust in Jesus.
Romans 3:27 Where can we boast, then? It is shut out. Through what rule? The rule of actions? No, but through the rule of trust.
Romans 3:28 We believe that a person is made right with God through faith, not by following the law's actions.
Romans 3:29 Is he only the God of the Jews? Isn't he also the God of the non-Jews? Yes, he is also the God of the non-Jews.
Romans 3:30 Since there is only one God, he will make both the circumcised right by faith and the uncircumcised through faith.
Romans 3:31 By having faith, do we cancel the law? No, we make the law stand.

Romans 4:1 What can we say about what Abraham, our ancestor according to the flesh, discovered?
Romans 4:2 If Abraham was made right by what he did, he could be proud, but not in God's view.
Romans 4:3 What does the scripture say? Abraham trusted God, and it was accepted as his righteousness.
Romans 4:4 To the person who works, the reward is not counted as a free gift, but as something owed.
Romans 4:5 But for the one who does not work, yet believes in God who makes the ungodly right, their faith is accepted as righteousness.
Romans 4:6 David speaks of the happiness of the person whom God considers right without their works.
Romans 4:7 Saying, "Happy are those whose wrongdoings are forgiven, and whose sins are hidden."
Romans 4:8 Happy is the person who God will not count sin against.
Romans 4:9 Does this blessing come only to the circumcised, or also to the uncircumcised? We say that Abraham's faith was counted as righteousness.
Romans 4:10 How was it counted then? When he was circumcised, or not circumcised? Not when circumcised, but when not circumcised.
Romans 4:11 He got the sign of circumcision as proof of his faith's righteousness before he was circumcised, so he could be the father of all who believe without circumcision, and they could also be considered righteous.
Romans 4:12 The father of circumcised people is not just for those who are circumcised, but also for those who follow the faith that Abraham had before he was circumcised.
Romans 4:13 The promise that he would inherit the world was not given to Abraham or his descendants through the law, but through having faith and doing what is right.
Romans 4:14 If those who rely on the law are heirs, then faith means nothing, and the promise is worthless.
Romans 4:15 The law brings anger because where there is no law, there is no wrongdoing.
Romans 4:16 So it depends on faith, so that it may be given freely, and the promise may be guaranteed to all Abraham's descendants; not only to those who follow the law, but also to those who share Abraham's faith. He is the father of us all.
Romans 4:17 It is written, I have made you a father of many nations, in the presence of the God he believed, the God who gives life to the dead and names things that do not exist as though they do.
Romans 4:18 Even when there seemed to be no reason for hope, he kept hoping—believing that he would become the father of many nations, as God had said, "Your descendants will be as many as the stars."
Romans 4:19 He did not weaken in faith, even though he was about a hundred years old and thought about how his body had no strength left, and Sarah could not have children.
Romans 4:20 He did not doubt God's promise because of disbelief; instead, he was strong in his faith, praising God.
Romans 4:21 He was completely sure that God could do what he had promised.
Romans 4:22 So it was counted to him as righteousness.
Romans 4:23 It wasn't just for him that it was counted as his.
Romans 4:24 But also for us, who will be counted as righteous, if we believe in God who raised Jesus our Lord from the dead.
Romans 4:25 He was given up for our wrongs and raised to life so we could be made right with God.

Romans 5:1 Because we are made right with God by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 5:2 Through faith in him, we have been brought into this favor in which we now stand, and we celebrate in expectation of God's glory.
Romans 5:3 We not only do this, but we also take pride in our troubles, because we know that trouble produces patience.
Romans 5:4 Patience brings experience, and experience brings hope.
Romans 5:5 Hope does not disappoint us because God's love has been poured into our hearts through the Holy Spirit who has been given to us.
Romans 5:6 When we were still weak, at the right time, Christ died for the sinful.
Romans 5:7 It's rare that someone would die for a righteous person, but for a good person, someone might be brave enough to die.
Romans 5:8 God shows his love for us in that, even when we were sinning, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:9 Even more, now that we are made right by his blood, we will be rescued from punishment through him.
Romans 5:10 If we became friends with God when we were his enemies because his Son died for us, we will surely be saved now that we are his friends and because his Son lives.
Romans 5:11 We not only do this, but we also find joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Through him, we have now received reconciliation.
Romans 5:12 Because one man brought sin into the world, and death came because of sin, death spread to all people since everyone has sinned.
Romans 5:13 Before the law, sin was in the world, but sin is not counted where there is no law.
Romans 5:14 Death ruled from Adam to Moses, even over those who did not sin like Adam, who represents the one who was to come.
Romans 5:15 The free gift is not like the wrongdoing. If many have died because one person did wrong, God's kindness and the gift he gives freely through one man, Jesus Christ, have reached many more.
Romans 5:16 The gift isn't like the result of one person's sin; the verdict for that one sin was guilt, but God's gift, after many sins, brings us right with Him.
Romans 5:17 If one man's mistake let death rule because of him, even more, those who get lots of kindness and the free gift of being right will live and rule through one person, Jesus Christ.
Romans 5:18 Because one person's mistake led to everyone being judged guilty, the good act of one person gave everyone a free gift leading to life being seen as right.
Romans 5:19 Because one man disobeyed, many became sinners, but because one man obeyed, many will be made good.
Romans 5:20 The law was given so that wrongdoing could increase. But where sin increased, God's kindness increased even more.
Romans 5:21 Just as sin ruled leading to death, so grace also might rule through being right, leading to eternal life, because of Jesus Christ our Lord.

Romans 6:1 So what should we say? Should we keep sinning so that God's kindness can increase?
Romans 6:2 Of course not! How can we, who have died to sin, still live in it?
Romans 6:3 Don't you know that all of us who were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?
Romans 6:4 We are buried with him through baptism into death so that, just as Christ was raised from the dead by God's glory, we too may live a new life.
Romans 6:5 If we have died with him, we will also live with him.
Romans 6:6 Understand that our old self was put to death with him so that our sinful nature could be done away with, and from now on we should not be slaves to sin.
Romans 6:7 When someone dies, they are free from sin.
Romans 6:8 If we have died with Christ, we believe we will also live with him.
Romans 6:9 Knowing that Christ was raised from the dead, he won't die again; death no longer rules over him.
Romans 6:10 When he died, he died to sin once, but now that he lives, he lives for God.
Romans 6:11 Think of yourselves as truly dead to sin, but alive to God because of Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:12 Do not let sin control your body that must die, making you obey its desires.
Romans 6:13 Do not use your body parts as tools for doing wrong and sinning, but give yourselves to God as people who have been brought back to life from death, and use your body parts as tools for doing right for God.
Romans 6:14 Sin will not control you, because you are not under the law, but under God's kindness.
Romans 6:15 So what? Should we keep sinning because we are not controlled by the law but by God's kindness? Certainly not!
Romans 6:16 Don't you know that when you give yourselves to someone as obedient servants, you are the servants of the one you obey, whether you're serving sin, which leads to death, or following obedience, which leads to righteousness?
Romans 6:17 Thank God that you used to be slaves to sin, but now you have followed the teaching given to you with all your heart.
Romans 6:18 After being set free from sin, you became servants of doing right.
Romans 6:19 I talk in human terms because of your weak bodies: just like you used to offer yourselves as slaves to impurity and more and more wrongdoing, now offer yourselves as slaves to right living that leads to holiness.
Romans 6:20 When you served sin, you were not bound by righteousness.
Romans 6:21 What did you gain from the things you are now ashamed of? Those things lead to death.
Romans 6:22 Now that you are free from sin and are servants to God, your actions lead to a holy life and result in eternal life.
Romans 6:23 The payment for sin is death, but God's gift is eternal life in Jesus Christ our Lord.

Romans 7:1 Don't you know, friends, (because I am talking to those who understand law,) that the law has authority over a person as long as they are alive?
Romans 7:2 A married woman is legally tied to her husband while he is alive, but if he dies, she is free from her husband's laws.
Romans 7:3 If her husband is alive and she marries another man, she will be called an adulteress. But if her husband is dead, she is not breaking the law and is not an adulteress, even if she marries another man.
Romans 7:4 So, my friends, you too have died to the law through Christ's body, so that you can belong to another, the one who was raised from the dead, so that we can produce good results for God.
Romans 7:5 When we lived following our human nature, our sins, stirred up by the law, were active in our bodies, leading to death.
Romans 7:6 But now we are free from the law, which we were bound by when it was in effect; so we can serve in a new and spiritual way, not in the old way of following the written rules.
Romans 7:7 What should we say, then? Is the law wrong? Absolutely not. Indeed, I would not have recognized sin if it weren't for the law; I wouldn't have known what desire was if the law hadn't said, "Do not want what others have."
Romans 7:8 Sin used the command to produce all kinds of wrong desires in me. Without the law, sin is powerless.
Romans 7:9 Before I knew the law, I was alive; but when I learned the commandment, sin came back to life, and I died.
Romans 7:10 The rule that was meant to give life, I discovered leads to death.
Romans 7:11 Sin used the command to trick me, and through it killed me.
Romans 7:12 So the law is holy, and the commandment is holy, right, and good.
Romans 7:13 Did the good thing cause my death? No way! But it was sin, using the good thing, that caused death in me. This was to show sin as truly sinful through the commandment.
Romans 7:14 We know that the law is spiritual, but I am human, trapped by sin.
Romans 7:15 I don't understand why I do the things I do: I don't do what I know is right, instead I do the things I hate.
Romans 7:16 If I do what I don't want to do, I agree that the law is good.
Romans 7:17 Now it's not me doing it, but the sin that lives in me.
Romans 7:18 I know that nothing good lives in me, that is, in my body. I want to do what is right, but I can't do it.
Romans 7:19 I don't do the good I want to do, but I do the bad I don't want to do.
Romans 7:20 If I do what I don't want to, it's not really me doing it, but the sin that lives in me.
Romans 7:21 I discover a rule: when I want to do good, evil is there with me.
Romans 7:22 I enjoy following God's laws with my heart.
Romans 7:23 I notice another rule in my body fighting against my mind's rule, making me a prisoner to the rule of sin in my body.
Romans 7:24 I am a miserable person! Who will rescue me from this body that brings death?
Romans 7:25 I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. I serve God's law with my mind, but with my body, I follow the law of sin.

Romans 8:1 So now, there is no punishment for those who are with Christ Jesus, who do not follow human desires, but follow the Spirit.
Romans 8:2 The Spirit's law of life in Christ Jesus has set me free from the law of sin and death.
Romans 8:3 The law could not do everything because human weakness made it weak. But God sent his own Son, who was like sinful humans, to deal with sin and to stop sin's power over the body.
Romans 8:4 So that the law's goodness is complete in us, who live not by our selfish desires, but by the Spirit.
Romans 8:5 People who follow their human desires think about human things; but those who follow the Spirit think about spiritual things.
Romans 8:6 Thinking about physical things leads to death, but thinking about spiritual things brings life and peace.
Romans 8:7 The human mind ruled by sin is hostile to God; it does not obey God's laws, and it cannot.
Romans 8:8 Those living by their human nature cannot please God.
Romans 8:9 You are not living according to your selfish desires, but by the Spirit, if God's Spirit truly lives in you. If someone doesn't have the Spirit of Christ, they do not belong to Him.
Romans 8:10 If Christ lives in you, your body is dead due to sin, but the Spirit gives life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:11 If the Spirit of God who raised Jesus from death lives in you, then the one who raised Christ will also give life to your dying bodies through his Spirit within you.
Romans 8:12 So, friends, we do not owe anything to our bodily desires, to live controlled by them.
Romans 8:13 If you follow selfish desires, you will die. But if by the Spirit you put to death the body's wrong actions, you will live.
Romans 8:14 Everyone guided by God's Spirit is a child of God.
Romans 8:15 You have not gotten a spirit that makes you slaves and afraid again; instead, you have gotten a spirit that lets us be God's children, and because of this spirit, we call out, "Daddy, Father."
Romans 8:16 The Spirit itself shows with our spirit that we are God's children.
Romans 8:17 If we are children, then we are heirs of God and co-heirs with Christ, if we indeed share in his sufferings so that we may also share in his glory.
Romans 8:18 I believe that our current sufferings are nothing compared to the future glory that will be shown in us.
Romans 8:19 All creation eagerly waits for God's children to be revealed.
Romans 8:20 The creation was made to live a pointless life, not because it wanted to, but because God decided, yet gave it hope.
Romans 8:21 The creation itself will also be freed from the chains of decay into the wonderful freedom of God's children.
Romans 8:22 We know that all creation has been groaning as if in pain up to this time.
Romans 8:23 Not just them, but we also, who have the first of the Spirit, sigh deep inside, waiting to be fully brought into God's family, that is, to have our bodies completely freed.
Romans 8:24 We are saved by hope: but if we see what we hope for, it isn't really hope. Why would anyone hope for something they already have?
Romans 8:25 If we hope for what we can't see, we patiently wait for it.
Romans 8:26 The Spirit also helps our weaknesses, for we do not know what to pray for as we should, but the Spirit itself speaks for us with sighs too deep for words.
Romans 8:27 The one who knows what we truly think also understands the Spirit's desires, because he speaks to God for the holy people as God wants.
Romans 8:28 We know that everything works for the good of those who love God, who are called according to his plan.
Romans 8:29 God knew some people in advance, and he chose them to become like his Son so that his Son would be the first among many brothers and sisters.
Romans 8:30 God chose some people in advance; those he chose, he also invited. Those he invited, he made right with himself. And those he made right, he also shared his glory with.
Romans 8:31 What can we say about these things? If God supports us, who can stand against us?
Romans 8:32 God did not hold back his own Son, but gave him up for us all; won't he also freely give us everything else with him?
Romans 8:33 Who can accuse those chosen by God? God is the one who declares them right.
Romans 8:34 Who can condemn us? Christ, who died and more than that, rose again is at God's right side, and also pleads for us.
Romans 8:35 Who can take us away from Christ's love? Can troubles, or hardship, or attacks, or hunger, or having no clothes, or danger, or violence?
Romans 8:36 It is written, for you we are being killed all day; we are treated like sheep going to be killed.
Romans 8:37 No, in all these things we win completely because of the one who loved us.
Romans 8:38 I am sure that nothing - not death or life, not angels or rulers, not now or later,
Romans 8:39 Not high places, deep places, or any other being can separate us from God's love in Christ Jesus our Lord.

Romans 9:1 I speak the truth in Christ, I am not lying, my own conscience confirms it in the Holy Spirit.
Romans 9:2 I have great sadness and never-ending sorrow in my heart.
Romans 9:3 I could wish to be cut off from Christ for the sake of my brothers, my own family by blood.
Romans 9:4 They are Israelites, and to them belong the adoption as God's children, the glory, the agreements, the law, the worship of God, and the promises.
Romans 9:5 The fathers belong to them, and as a human, Christ came from them. He is above all, God forever praised. Amen.
Romans 9:6 It's not that God's message has failed. Not everyone from Israel truly belongs to Israel.
Romans 9:7 Just because they are Abraham's descendants doesn't mean they are all his true children. Instead, "Your true descendants will be through Isaac."
Romans 9:8 Those born from human desire are not God's children; only those born because of God's promise are considered true descendants.
Romans 9:9 This is the promised message: I will come at this time, and Sarah will have a son.
Romans 9:10 Not only that, but when Rebecca became pregnant by our father Isaac;
Romans 9:11 Before the children were born and had done anything good or bad, God's plan was based on his choice, not their actions, but on his call.
Romans 9:12 Someone told her, "The older will serve the younger."
Romans 9:13 It is written that I loved Jacob but did not love Esau.
Romans 9:14 What can we say? Is God unjust? No way.
Romans 9:15 God told Moses, "I will show mercy to those I choose, and I will show compassion to those I choose."
Romans 9:16 It is not about one's own desire or effort, but about God who gives mercy.
Romans 9:17 The Bible says to Pharaoh, I made you a leader for this reason: to show my power through you, so that my name would be known everywhere on earth.
Romans 9:18 So God shows mercy to whom he chooses, and he makes stubborn those he decides.
Romans 9:19 You might then ask me, why does he still blame us? Who has been able to resist his will?
Romans 9:20 No, but human, who are you to argue with God? Can the creation ask the creator, Why did you make me like this?
Romans 9:21 Doesn't the potter have the right to make from the same lump of clay one pot for special use and another for common use?
Romans 9:22 What if God wanted to show his anger and power but was very patient with those who deserved punishment?
Romans 9:23 God wanted to show the wealth of his glory to those he had chosen for mercy, whom he had prepared for glory.
Romans 9:24 Even us, whom God has called, not only from the Jews but also from the non-Jews?
Romans 9:25 In Osee, God also says, "I will name those 'my people' who were not my people; and those 'loved one' who were not loved."
Romans 9:26 It will happen that in the place where it was told to them, "You are not my people," there they will be called "children of the living God."
Romans 9:27 Isaiah also cries out about Israel, saying, even if the people of Israel are as many as the sand by the sea, only a small part will be saved.
Romans 9:28 God will complete the work and quickly do it with fairness; for God will carry out a brief task on the earth.
Romans 9:29 As Isaiah said earlier, if God had not left us some descendants, we would have become like Sodom and Gomorrah.
Romans 9:30 What can we say then? The non-Jews, who did not pursue being right with God, have achieved it through faith.
Romans 9:31 Israel, which chased the law of right living, did not reach the law of right living.
Romans 9:32 Why? Because they did not seek it with faith, but as if it could be earned by following the law. They tripped over that stone that makes people stumble.
Romans 9:33 It is written, "Look, I put in Zion a stone that makes people fall, and a rock that makes them trip: but anyone who trusts in him will not feel shame."

Romans 10:1 Friends, I deeply wish and pray to God that Israel may be saved.
Romans 10:2 I can tell that they are eager to serve God, but they lack true understanding.
Romans 10:3 They do not know about God's righteousness and try to create their own; they have not accepted God's righteousness.
Romans 10:4 Christ is the end of the law for being right with God for everyone who believes.
Romans 10:5 Moses writes about the law's righteousness, saying that a person who follows the laws will live by them.
Romans 10:6 The righteousness that comes from faith says, "Don't think in your heart, 'Who will go up to heaven?' (meaning to bring Christ down)."
Romans 10:7 Who will go down into the deep? (This means to bring Christ back from the dead.)
Romans 10:8 But what does it say? The message is close to you, in your mouth and in your heart. That is, the message of faith we share.
Romans 10:9 If you say with your mouth "Jesus is Lord," and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
Romans 10:10 A person believes in goodness with their heart, and by speaking it out, they are saved.
Romans 10:11 The Bible says, anyone who believes in him will not be ashamed.
Romans 10:12 There is no difference between Jews and Greeks: God, who is Lord of all, is generous to all who call on him.
Romans 10:13 Anyone who calls on God's name will be saved.
Romans 10:14 How can they call on one they haven't believed in? And how can they believe in one they haven't heard about? And how can they hear without someone telling them?
Romans 10:15 How can they tell others, if they are not sent? As it is written, how lovely are the feet of those who tell the good news of peace and bring happy news of good things!
Romans 10:16 Not everyone has followed the good news. Isaiah said, "God, who has believed what we shared?"
Romans 10:17 Faith comes from listening, and listening through God's message.
Romans 10:18 But I ask, haven't they heard? Yes, truly, their sound has gone out to all the earth, and their words to the ends of the world.
Romans 10:19 But I ask, didn't Israel understand? First Moses says, "I will make you jealous with those who are not a nation, and with a senseless nation I will make you angry."
Romans 10:20 Isaiah is very brave and says, "I was found by those who did not seek me; I revealed myself to those who did not ask for me."
Romans 10:21 God says to Israel, I have reached out my hands all day to a people who disobey and argue.

Romans 11:1 So I ask, has God rejected his people? No way! For I am also an Israelite, a descendant of Abraham, from the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 11:2 God has not rejected his people whom he knew before. Don't you know what the scripture says about Elijah? How he pleads with God against Israel, saying,
Romans 11:3 God, they killed your prophets and destroyed your altars; I'm alone and they want to kill me.
Romans 11:4 What does God's reply to him say? I have kept seven thousand men for myself who have not kneeled to Baal's statue.
Romans 11:5 Even now, there are a few chosen by God's kindness.
Romans 11:6 If it's by grace, then it's not by works; if it were, grace wouldn't be grace. But if it's by works, then it's not grace; otherwise, work wouldn't be work.
Romans 11:7 So what now? Israel did not get what it was looking for; only the chosen ones got it, and the others were unable to see.
Romans 11:8 As it is written, God has given them a sleepy spirit, eyes that cannot see, and ears that cannot hear, until this day.
Romans 11:9 David says, "Let their table become a trap, a snare, a stumbling block, and a way to repay them."
Romans 11:10 Make their eyes dim so they cannot see and make them always stoop.
Romans 11:11 I ask then, did they trip so they would fall? Certainly not! Instead, by their mistake, salvation has come to the non-Jews, to make them jealous.
Romans 11:12 If their loss brings wealth to the world, and their decrease brings wealth to non-Jewish people, how much greater will their fullness be?
Romans 11:13 I talk to you non-Jews because I am the messenger to non-Jews, and I honor my work.
Romans 11:14 I hope to encourage my fellow people and save some of them.
Romans 11:15 If rejecting them means the world is made right with God, what will accepting them be, if not life from the dead?
Romans 11:16 If the first piece of dough is holy, then the whole dough is holy; and if the root is holy, so are the branches.
Romans 11:17 If some of the branches were broken off and you, a wild olive tree, were grafted among them, sharing the root and richness of the olive tree.
Romans 11:18 Don't brag against the branches. But if you do brag, remember it's not you who supports the root, but the root supports you.
Romans 11:19 You might say, "The branches were broken off so I could be grafted in."
Romans 11:20 Because they didn't believe, they were removed, and you are supported by faith. Don't be proud, but be respectful.
Romans 11:21 If God did not spare the original branches, be careful or he might not spare you either.
Romans 11:22 See how kind and strict God is: He is strict to those who fell, but kind to you if you stay in His kindness. If not, you will be cut off too.
Romans 11:23 If they do not continue in their unbelief, they will be grafted in again because God can graft them in.
Romans 11:24 If you were cut from a wild olive tree and grafted, against nature, into a good olive tree, how much more will the natural branches be grafted into their own olive tree?
Romans 11:25 I don't want you, friends, to be unaware of this secret: part of Israel has been unable to see, and this will continue until all non-Jewish people have joined.
Romans 11:26 All Israel will be saved, just as it is written, "The Savior will come from Zion and remove sin from Jacob."
Romans 11:27 This is my promise to them: when I will forgive their sins.
Romans 11:28 Regarding the good news, they are against you, but concerning God's choice, they are loved because of the ancestors.
Romans 11:29 God's gifts and calling cannot be taken back.
Romans 11:30 Before, you did not believe in God, but now you have received mercy because of their disbelief.
Romans 11:31 In the same way, they currently do not believe, so that by your kindness, they may also receive kindness.
Romans 11:32 God has included everyone in disbelief so that he could be merciful to everyone.
Romans 11:33 Oh, how deep are God's riches, wisdom, and knowledge! How impossible it is to understand his decisions and ways!
Romans 11:34 Who knows what God is thinking? Or who has ever given God advice?
Romans 11:35 Who has given something to God first so that God has to pay it back?
Romans 11:36 Everything comes from God, exists by His power, and is intended for His glory. May God be praised forever. Amen.

Romans 12:1 I ask you, friends, because of God's kindness, to offer your bodies as a living and holy sacrifice that pleases God, which is a sensible way to serve Him.
Romans 12:2 Do not follow this world's ways: instead, change by renewing your mind to know God's good, pleasing, and perfect will.
Romans 12:3 I tell you, with the kindness given to me, to not think too highly of yourself, but to think sensibly, as God has given each of us a certain amount of faith.
Romans 12:4 Just as we have many parts in one body, and not all parts have the same function:
Romans 12:5 We, though many, are one body in Christ, and each one is a part of each other.
Romans 12:6 Since we have different gifts based on the grace given to us, if it is to prophesy, let us do so in proportion to our faith.
Romans 12:7 If we serve others, let's focus on our service; if we teach, let's focus on our teaching.
Romans 12:8 If you encourage others, do it earnestly. If you give, do it generously. If you lead, do it diligently. If you show kindness, do it happily.
Romans 12:9 Love sincerely. Hate what is evil; hold on to what is good.
Romans 12:10 Show genuine kindness and love to each other like brothers and sisters; give each other more honor.
Romans 12:11 Not lazy in work; passionate in spirit; serving God.
Romans 12:12 Happy in hope; enduring in trouble; always praying.
Romans 12:13 Sharing with those in need; welcoming to others.
Romans 12:14 Be kind to those who are unkind to you; do not wish them harm.
Romans 12:15 Be happy with those who are happy, and cry with those who are crying.
Romans 12:16 Have the same attitude towards each other. Don't aim for high status, but be willing to associate with people of lower position. Don't think you know everything.
Romans 12:17 Don't pay back anyone with harm for harm. Do what is right in everyone's eyes.
Romans 12:18 If you can, try to live in peace with everyone.
Romans 12:19 Dear friends, do not take revenge, but leave room for anger; for it is written, "It is my right to avenge; I will pay back," says God.
Romans 12:20 If your enemy is hungry, give them food; if they are thirsty, give them water; because by doing this, you will make them feel ashamed.
Romans 12:21 Do not let evil defeat you, but defeat evil by doing good.

Romans 13:1 Everyone should obey those in authority, because all authority comes from God, and those who govern have been placed there by God.
Romans 13:2 Anyone who fights against authority is fighting against what God has established, and those who resist will bring punishment on themselves.
Romans 13:3 Leaders are not to scare people doing good, but those doing bad. So if you don't want to be afraid of authority, do good things, and you will get their approval.
Romans 13:4 He serves God to do good to you. But if you do evil, be scared; he doesn't carry the sword for no reason: he serves God to punish those who do evil.
Romans 13:5 You must obey, not only to avoid punishment, but also to have a clear conscience.
Romans 13:6 You should pay taxes too because tax collectors are serving God by doing this important work.
Romans 13:7 Give everyone what you owe them: pay taxes to those you owe taxes, follow customs for those who deserve it, show respect to those who should be respected, and honor those who should be honored.
Romans 13:8 Don't owe anyone anything, except to love each other, because the one who loves another has done what the law requires.
Romans 13:9 Do not cheat in marriage, do not kill, do not steal, do not lie, do not desire what others have; all other rules are included in this one: Love others as much as you love yourself.
Romans 13:10 Love does no harm to others, so love fulfills the law.
Romans 13:11 Understand the time, that it is now important to wake up from sleep: for our rescue is closer than when we first believed.
Romans 13:12 The night is almost over, the day is coming: so let's stop doing bad things, and start living in a good and right way.
Romans 13:13 Let's live well, as in daylight; not with wild parties and drinking, not with wild sex and unchecked desire, not with fighting and jealousy.
Romans 13:14 Wear the ways of Jesus Christ, and don't make plans for self-indulgence to satisfy its desires.

Romans 14:1 Welcome those who are weak in faith, but don't argue over doubtful issues.
Romans 14:2 One person believes they can eat everything, but another, who is weak, eats only vegetables.
Romans 14:3 If someone eats, they shouldn't look down on someone who doesn't, and if someone doesn't eat, they shouldn't judge someone who does; because God has accepted them.
Romans 14:4 Who are you to judge someone else's servant? They answer to their own master, and will either stand or fall. Yes, they will be supported, because God can make them stand.
Romans 14:5 One person values one day more than another; another values all days the same. Each person should be fully convinced in their own mind.
Romans 14:6 Someone who respects the day does so for God; and the one who does not respect the day also does it for God. The one who eats, eats for God and thanks God; and the one who does not eat, abstains for God and thanks God.
Romans 14:7 None of us lives for ourselves alone, and no one dies for themselves alone.
Romans 14:8 Whether we live, we live for God; and whether we die, we die for God. So, whether we live or die, we belong to God.
Romans 14:9 Christ died, came back to life, and revived so he could be the leader of both the dead and the living.
Romans 14:10 Why do you judge your brother? Or why do you think little of your brother? We will all stand before Christ's judgment seat.
Romans 14:11 It is written, "I am alive," says God, "and everyone will kneel to me and every tongue will admit to God."
Romans 14:12 So every one of us will explain our actions to God.
Romans 14:13 Let's not judge each other anymore; instead, decide that no one should make their brother stumble or fall.
Romans 14:14 I understand and am convinced by Jesus that nothing is unclean by itself; but if someone considers something unclean, then for that person, it is unclean.
Romans 14:15 If the food you eat upsets your brother, you're not acting with love. Don't cause harm to him with your food, the one for whom Christ died.
Romans 14:16 Do not let anyone speak badly of your good actions.
Romans 14:17 God's kingdom is not about food and drink; it's about doing right, peace, and happiness in the Holy Spirit.
Romans 14:18 Whoever serves Christ in these things is pleasing to God and approved by people.
Romans 14:19 Let's try to do things that create peace and help build each other up.
Romans 14:20 Do not ruin God's work for the sake of food. Everything is clean, but it is wrong for a person to eat anything that causes someone else to stumble.
Romans 14:21 It is not good to eat meat, drink wine, or do anything that makes your brother stumble, get upset, or become weak.
Romans 14:22 Do you have faith? Keep it between you and God. The person who does not feel guilty for what they approve of is happy.
Romans 14:23 If someone eats but has doubts, they are wrong because their eating is not based on belief; anything not based on belief is wrong.

Romans 15:1 We who are strong should help those who are weak and not just make ourselves happy.
Romans 15:2 Everyone should try to please their neighbor for their neighbor's good, to help them grow.
Romans 15:3 Even Christ did not please himself; instead, like it is written, the insults of those who insulted you fell on me.
Romans 15:4 Whatever was written long ago was meant to teach us, so that through endurance and the encouragement from the scriptures, we might have hope.
Romans 15:5 May the God who gives patience and comfort help you to agree with each other as Christ Jesus taught.
Romans 15:6 So you can together with one mind and voice praise God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:7 Welcome each other, just as Christ welcomed us to honor God.
Romans 15:8 I say that Jesus Christ served the Jewish people to show God's truth and to fulfill the promises given to our ancestors.
Romans 15:9 So that non-Jews may praise God for his kindness, as it is written: "Because of this, I will praise you among the non-Jews and sing about your name."
Romans 15:10 He says again, "Be happy, you non-Jews, together with his people."
Romans 15:11 Praise God, all nations; and honor him, all peoples.
Romans 15:12 Esaias says again, a descendant of Jesse will come, and he will rule over the nations; the nations will put their trust in him.
Romans 15:13 May the God of hope give you complete joy and peace as you trust in Him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Romans 15:14 I am confident, my friends, that you are good and have all the knowledge you need to advise each other.
Romans 15:15 Friends, I have written to you with confidence in some parts, to remind you, because of the grace God has given me.
Romans 15:16 I am called to serve Jesus Christ for the non-Jewish people, sharing God's good news so that their dedication to God is welcomed, made holy by the Holy Spirit.
Romans 15:17 I can proudly talk about what I have done for God through Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:18 I won't talk about what Christ hasn't done through me to bring the non-Jews to obey God with words and actions.
Romans 15:19 With powerful miracles and signs, by God's Spirit, I completely shared the good news of Christ from Jerusalem all the way around to Illyricum.
Romans 15:20 Yes, I have worked hard to share the good news where Christ was not known, so I wouldn't just add to what someone else had started.
Romans 15:21 But as it is written, those who did not know about him will see, and those who have not heard will understand.
Romans 15:22 This is why I have been prevented many times from visiting you.
Romans 15:23 But now, having no more room here and having strongly wished for many years to visit you;
Romans 15:24 Whenever I travel to Spain, I will visit you because I hope to see you on my trip, and you can help me on my way there, if I can enjoy your company for a while first.
Romans 15:25 Now I am going to Jerusalem to help God's people.
Romans 15:26 People from Macedonia and Achaia were happy to give some money to help the poor believers in Jerusalem.
Romans 15:27 They are truly happy to do it, and they owe it to them. Because if the non-Jews have shared in their spiritual blessings, then it is only right for them to help the Jews with material blessings.
Romans 15:28 So when I have finished this task and made sure they have received this contribution, I will visit you on my way to Spain.
Romans 15:29 I am confident that when I visit you, I will bring the full blessing of Christ's good news.
Romans 15:30 I ask you, friends, for the sake of Jesus Christ and the love of the Spirit, to join me in praying to God for me.
Romans 15:31 I hope to be saved from the unbelievers in Judaea and that the help I bring to Jerusalem will be welcomed by God's people.
Romans 15:32 I hope to come to you with joy, as God wants, and to be refreshed with you.
Romans 15:33 May the God of peace be with everyone. Amen.

Romans 16:1 I introduce to you our sister Phoebe, a servant of the church in Cenchrea.
Romans 16:2 Welcome her in a way that fits those who are dedicated to God, and help her with anything she needs from you, because she has helped many people, including me.
Romans 16:3 Say hello to Priscilla and Aquila, who help me in Christ Jesus.
Romans 16:4 They risked their lives for me, and not only I am thankful, but also all the Gentile churches.
Romans 16:5 Also say hello to the church that meets in their home. Greet my dear friend Epaenetus, who was the first person in Achaia to follow Christ.
Romans 16:6 Say hello to Mary, who worked very hard for us.
Romans 16:7 Greet Andronicus and Junia, my relatives, and my fellow prisoners, who are well known to the apostles, and who also followed Christ before I did.
Romans 16:8 Say hello to Amplias, who I love, as a friend in God.
Romans 16:9 Greet Urbane, our coworker in Christ, and Stachys, my dear friend.
Romans 16:10 Greet Apelles, who is accepted in Christ. Greet those from Aristobulus' family.
Romans 16:11 Say hello to Herodion, my relative. Greet those from Narcissus's family who follow God.
Romans 16:12 Greet Tryphena and Tryphosa, who work hard for God. Say hello to our dear friend Persis, who worked very much for God.
Romans 16:13 Greet Rufus, chosen by God, and his mother, who is also like a mother to me.
Romans 16:14 Greet Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brothers with them.
Romans 16:15 Greet Philologus, Julia, Nereus and his sister, Olympas, and all God's people with them.
Romans 16:16 Greet each other with a holy kiss. The churches of Christ send their greetings to you.
Romans 16:17 I ask you, friends, to watch out for those who create splits and problems against the teachings you've learned; stay away from them.
Romans 16:18 Those people don't serve Jesus Christ but only their own desires. With nice words and smooth talk, they trick innocent people.
Romans 16:19 Everyone knows about your obedience. I am happy for you. But I want you to be wise about what is good and innocent about what is evil.
Romans 16:20 God, who brings peace, will soon crush Satan under your feet. May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Romans 16:21 Timothy, my coworker, and Lucius, Jason, and Sosipater, my relatives, send their greetings to you.
Romans 16:22 I, Tertius, the writer of this letter, greet you in God.
Romans 16:23 Gaius, my host and the host of the whole church, greets you. Erastus, the city's treasurer, greets you, and so does Quartus, our brother.
Romans 16:24 May our Lord Jesus Christ's kindness be with everyone. Amen.
Romans 16:25 Now to him who has the power to strengthen you according to my good news, and the message about Jesus Christ, following the revealing of the secret that was hidden since the beginning of the world,
Romans 16:26 Now it is clearly shown, and through the writings of the prophets, by the order of the forever God, made known to all countries for them to obey in faith.
Romans 16:27 God, the only wise one, gets glory through Jesus Christ forever. Amen.

1 Corinthians 1:1 Paul, chosen as a messenger of Jesus Christ by God's will, and our brother Sosthenes,
1 Corinthians 1:2 To God's church in Corinth, to those made holy in Christ Jesus, called to be God's people, along with all who call on the name of our Lord Jesus Christ everywhere: theirs and ours.
1 Corinthians 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:4 I always thank God for you because of His kindness given to you through Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:5 In every way, you have been made rich by God, in all your speaking and in all your understanding.
1 Corinthians 1:6 Just as the message about Christ was proven true among you:
1 Corinthians 1:7 So you lack no gift as you wait for our Lord Jesus Christ to come.
1 Corinthians 1:8 God will also strengthen you to the end, so that you may be without fault on the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:9 God is trustworthy, and He called you to join in the life with His Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:10 I ask you, friends, in the name of Jesus Christ, to all agree and not be divided; be completely united with the same thoughts and the same opinions.
1 Corinthians 1:11 I have been told by Chloe's people that there are arguments among you, my brothers and sisters.
1 Corinthians 1:12 I tell you, everyone says, "I follow Paul," or "I follow Apollos," or "I follow Cephas," or "I follow Christ."
1 Corinthians 1:13 Is Christ split into parts? Was Paul put on the cross for you? Or were you baptized in Paul's name?
1 Corinthians 1:14 I thank God I baptized none of you except Crispus and Gaius.
1 Corinthians 1:15 So no one could claim that I baptized using my own name.
1 Corinthians 1:16 I also baptized Stephanas's family, but I don't know if I baptized anyone else.
1 Corinthians 1:17 Christ did not send me to baptize, but to share the good news; not with fancy words, so the work of Christ on the cross is not made useless.
1 Corinthians 1:18 Talking about the cross seems silly to those who are dying, but to us who are saved, it shows God's power.
1 Corinthians 1:19 It is written, I will ruin the wisdom of the wise, and I will make the knowledge of the smart people worthless.
1 Corinthians 1:20 Where is the wise? Where is the writer? Where is the debater of this age? Hasn't God made the world's wisdom look foolish?
1 Corinthians 1:21 Because the world did not know God through its own wisdom, God chose to save those who believe through the simple message of preaching.
1 Corinthians 1:22 Jews ask for a sign, and Greeks look for wisdom.
1 Corinthians 1:23 We tell people about Christ, who was nailed to a cross. This causes Jewish people to trip and seem silly to Greek people.
1 Corinthians 1:24 But for those who are called, both Jews and non-Jews, Christ is God's power and God's wisdom.
1 Corinthians 1:25 Even what seems foolish in God is wiser than human wisdom, and what seems weak in God is stronger than human strength.
1 Corinthians 1:26 You see, friends, that not many wise by human standards, not many powerful, not many of high status are chosen.
1 Corinthians 1:27 God chose the foolish things in the world to confuse the wise; God chose the weak things in the world to confuse the strong.
1 Corinthians 1:28 God has chosen the lowly and despised things of the world, even things that are not, to make nothing of the things that are.
1 Corinthians 1:29 No one should boast before God.
1 Corinthians 1:30 Through Christ Jesus, you have received from God wisdom, righteousness, holiness, and freedom from sin.
1 Corinthians 1:31 So, as it is written, "If anyone wants to boast, they should boast about God."

1 Corinthians 2:1 When I came to you, friends, I did not use fancy talking or great wisdom to tell you about God.
1 Corinthians 2:2 I decided to focus only on knowing about Jesus Christ and his crucifixion when I was with you.
1 Corinthians 2:3 I was with you feeling weak, scared, and shaking a lot.
1 Corinthians 2:4 My speaking and preaching weren't with fancy words of human wisdom, but with clear evidence of the Spirit and power.
1 Corinthians 2:5 Your faith should not be based on human wisdom, but on God's power.
1 Corinthians 2:6 We talk about deep understanding with the mature, but it's not the knowledge of this world or its leaders, which will all end.
1 Corinthians 2:7 We talk about God's wisdom that is secret and hidden, wisdom that God decided before the world began for our glory.
1 Corinthians 2:8 The rulers of this world did not understand this; if they had, they would not have crucified the glorious Lord.
1 Corinthians 2:9 People have not seen, heard, or even imagined what God has ready for those who love Him.
1 Corinthians 2:10 God has shown these things to us through his Spirit, because the Spirit explores everything, even the deep things of God.
1 Corinthians 2:11 Who knows what a person thinks except their own spirit? Just like that, no one knows God's thoughts except God's Spirit.
1 Corinthians 2:12 We have received, not the world's spirit, but the spirit from God; so we can know what God has freely given us.
1 Corinthians 2:13 We speak about these things not with words taught by human wisdom, but with those taught by the Holy Spirit, explaining spiritual truths with the help of the Spirit.
1 Corinthians 2:14 A person without the Spirit does not accept what comes from God's Spirit, because it seems foolish to them. They cannot understand it because it must be understood in a spiritual way.
1 Corinthians 2:15 The spiritual person can assess everything, but no one can judge him.
1 Corinthians 2:16 Who has understood God's thoughts, that they could teach Him? But we think like Christ.

1 Corinthians 3:1 Brothers and sisters, I could not talk to you as spiritual people but as worldly, as if to babies in Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:2 I have given you milk, not solid food, because until now you were not ready for it, and even now you cannot handle it.
1 Corinthians 3:3 You are still worldly because you have jealousy, arguments, and divisions among you. Doesn't this show that you are worldly and behave like ordinary people?
1 Corinthians 3:4 When one of you says, "I follow Paul," and another, "I follow Apollos," aren't you acting like mere humans?
1 Corinthians 3:5 Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but servants through whom you believed, as God gave to each person?
1 Corinthians 3:6 I planted, Apollos watered, but God made it grow.
1 Corinthians 3:7 So the one who plants or the one who waters is not important, but God who makes things grow is.
1 Corinthians 3:8 The person who plants and the person who waters are working together, and each will get a reward based on their own work.
1 Corinthians 3:9 We work together with God: you are God's field, you are God's construction.
1 Corinthians 3:10 God has given me grace, so like a skilled architect, I laid a foundation for others to build on. But everyone should be careful about how they build on it.
1 Corinthians 3:11 No one can lay any other foundation than the one already laid, which is Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:12 If anyone builds on this foundation with gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, or straw,
1 Corinthians 3:13 Everyone's work will become clear: the day will show it because fire will reveal it; and the fire will test what kind of work each person has done.
1 Corinthians 3:14 If someone's work lasts which they have built on it, they will get a reward.
1 Corinthians 3:15 If someone's work is burned up, they will lose it: but they themselves will be saved, but only as if through fire.
1 Corinthians 3:16 Don't you know that you are God's temple and that God's Spirit lives in you?
1 Corinthians 3:17 If anyone ruins God's temple, God will ruin that person; because God's temple is sacred, and that temple is you.
1 Corinthians 3:18 Do not trick yourself. If someone thinks they are wise by this world's standards, they should become like they know nothing, so they can truly become wise.
1 Corinthians 3:19 The wisdom of this world is silly to God. It is said, He catches the clever in their tricks.
1 Corinthians 3:20 God knows the thoughts of the smart people, that they are useless.
1 Corinthians 3:21 So don't boast about following people. Everything belongs to you.
1 Corinthians 3:22 Whether Paul, Apollos, Cephas, the world, life, death, things now, or things in the future; all belong to you.
1 Corinthians 3:23 You belong to Christ; and Christ belongs to God.

1 Corinthians 4:1 Think of us as Christ's servants and as keepers of God's secrets.
1 Corinthians 4:2 It is expected that those who take care of things must be trusted.
1 Corinthians 4:3 I care very little if you or anyone else judges me; in fact, I don't even judge myself.
1 Corinthians 4:4 I don't know of any wrong I've done; but that doesn't make me innocent. The one who judges me is God.
1 Corinthians 4:5 So, don't judge anything too soon, until God comes, who will reveal what's hidden in darkness and show people's true intentions. Then, each person will get praise from God.
1 Corinthians 4:6 I've used myself and Apollos as examples for your benefit, so you can learn from us not to think too highly of people, following what is written, and so that none of you will feel superior to someone else.
1 Corinthians 4:7 Who makes you different from others? What do you have that you didn't get? If you did get it, why do you boast as if you didn't?
1 Corinthians 4:8 Now you are satisfied, now you are wealthy, you have ruled like kings without us: and I wish you did rule, so we could rule with you.
1 Corinthians 4:9 I believe that God has placed us apostles last, like those sentenced to death. We've become a show for everyone—people, angels, and the world.
1 Corinthians 4:10 We are foolish because of Christ, but you are smart in Christ; we are weak, but you are strong; you are respected, but we are looked down on.
1 Corinthians 4:11 Right now, we are hungry, thirsty, have no clothes, are treated roughly, and have no sure place to live.
1 Corinthians 4:12 We work hard with our hands. When people insult us, we are kind; when we are persecuted, we endure it.
1 Corinthians 4:13 We are insulted, but we ask nicely; we are treated like the world's garbage, like the dirt everyone scrapes off their shoes, right up to this moment.
1 Corinthians 4:14 I'm not writing this to embarrass you, but to warn you as my dear children.
1 Corinthians 4:15 Even if you had ten thousand teachers in Christ, you don't have many fathers. In Christ Jesus, I became your father through the good news.
1 Corinthians 4:16 So I ask you, please follow my example.
1 Corinthians 4:17 I have sent Timothy to you for this reason. He is my dear son and loyal to God. He will remind you of how I live in Christ, as I teach in all the churches.
1 Corinthians 4:18 Some are arrogant, thinking I won't come to you.
1 Corinthians 4:19 I will come to you soon, if God wants, and I will see, not how they talk proudly, but their true strength.
1 Corinthians 4:20 God's kingdom is not just in words, but in power.
1 Corinthians 4:21 What do you want? Should I come to you with punishment, or with love and a gentle spirit?

1 Corinthians 5:1 People often say that sexual immorality is happening among you, the kind not even non-believers talk about, like someone living with his stepmother.
1 Corinthians 5:2 You have become arrogant instead of mourning, so that the one who did this should be removed from among you.
1 Corinthians 5:3 Although I am not there in person, I am with you in spirit and have already made my decision about the person who did this.
1 Corinthians 5:4 In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when you gather and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,
1 Corinthians 5:5 To hand someone over to Satan to destroy their flesh so that their spirit can be saved on the day of Jesus.
1 Corinthians 5:6 Your boasting is not good. Don't you know that a little yeast works through the whole batch of dough?
1 Corinthians 5:7 Get rid of the old yeast, so you can be a fresh batch of dough, since you are without yeast. Just as Christ, our Passover lamb, has been offered for us.
1 Corinthians 5:8 Let's celebrate the festival not with old yeast or with yeast of evil and badness, but with bread without yeast that is pure and true.
1 Corinthians 5:9 I wrote to you in a letter not to associate with sexually immoral people.
1 Corinthians 5:10 Don't completely avoid people in this world who sin sexually, are greedy, cheat others, or worship idols; if you did, you would have to leave this world.
1 Corinthians 5:11 I have told you not to associate with anyone who claims to be a brother but is sexually immoral, greedy, worships idols, insults others, drinks too much, or cheats people. Do not even eat with such a person.
1 Corinthians 5:12 Why should I judge those outside? Don't you judge those inside?
1 Corinthians 5:13 God judges those who are outside. So remove the evil person from among you.

1 Corinthians 6:1 Would any of you, with a dispute against another, sue in a court with unfair judges instead of bringing the case to God's people?
1 Corinthians 6:2 Don't you know that God's holy people will judge the world? And if you will judge the world, can't you handle small issues?
1 Corinthians 6:3 Don't you know we will judge angels? How much more the things of this life?
1 Corinthians 6:4 If you have to decide on matters of this life, choose those who are least important in the church to be the judges.
1 Corinthians 6:5 I am telling you this to make you ashamed. Isn't there one wise person among you who can resolve disputes among brothers?
1 Corinthians 6:6 A brother takes another brother to court, and this happens in front of people who don't believe.
1 Corinthians 6:7 Now you have a big problem because you sue each other. Wouldn't it be better to accept being wronged? Why not rather let yourselves be cheated?
1 Corinthians 6:8 No, you do wrong and cheat, and you do this to your brothers.
1 Corinthians 6:9 Don't you know that wrongdoers will not get into God's kingdom? Do not be fooled: people who have sex without being married, worship idols, cheat on their spouses, act in unmanly ways, or use others for sexual acts,
1 Corinthians 6:10 Thieves, greedy people, drunk people, people who insult others, and those who cheat others will not inherit God's kingdom.
1 Corinthians 6:11 Some of you were like that, but now you are clean, made holy, and made right with God in the name of Jesus, and by God's Spirit.
1 Corinthians 6:12 I can do anything, but not everything is good for me: I can do anything, but I won't be controlled by anything.
1 Corinthians 6:13 Food is for the stomach, and the stomach for food, but God will end both. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for God, and God is for the body.
1 Corinthians 6:14 God raised up the Lord and will also raise us up by his power.
1 Corinthians 6:15 Don't you know that your bodies are parts of Christ? Should I then take the parts of Christ and join them to a prostitute? No way.
1 Corinthians 6:16 Do you not know that a person who joins with a prostitute becomes one body with her? For two people, God says, will become one flesh.
1 Corinthians 6:17 Whoever is united with God is one in spirit.
1 Corinthians 6:18 Run away from sexual immorality. Every other sin a person commits is outside their body, but someone who is sexually immoral sins against their own body.
1 Corinthians 6:19 Don't you know that your body is the home of the Holy Spirit who is in you, given by God, and that you do not belong to yourselves?
1 Corinthians 6:20 You were bought for a price: so honor God with your body and spirit, which belong to God.

1 Corinthians 7:1 About what you wrote to me: It's good for a man not to be with a woman.
1 Corinthians 7:2 To avoid wrong sexual acts, every man should have a wife and every woman should have a husband.
1 Corinthians 7:3 The husband should be kind to his wife, and the wife should be kind to her husband.
1 Corinthians 7:4 A wife does not control her own body, but her husband does; and in the same way, a husband does not control his own body, but his wife does.
1 Corinthians 7:5 Do not cheat each other, unless you both agree to stop having sex for a while to focus on fasting and praying. Then come back together so that Satan won't tempt you because you can't control yourselves.
1 Corinthians 7:6 I say this as a suggestion, not as an order.
1 Corinthians 7:7 I wish that all people were just as I am. But each person has their own special gift from God, one in this way, and another in that way.
1 Corinthians 7:8 I tell unmarried people and widows that it's good for them to stay single, like I am.
1 Corinthians 7:9 If they can't control themselves, they should get married, because it's better to marry than to have strong desires.
1 Corinthians 7:10 To the married, I give this order (not me, but God): A wife should not leave her husband.
1 Corinthians 7:11 If she leaves, she should stay single or get back with her husband; and the husband shouldn't divorce his wife.
1 Corinthians 7:12 I say this, not God: If a man has a wife who does not believe, but she agrees to live with him, he should not leave her.
1 Corinthians 7:13 If a woman has a husband who does not believe, but he wants to live with her, she should not leave him.
1 Corinthians 7:14 The husband who does not believe is made holy through his wife, and the wife who does not believe is made holy through her husband; otherwise your children would be impure, but now they are holy.
1 Corinthians 7:15 If someone does not believe and wants to leave, let them leave. A brother or sister is not bound in such situations: God wants us to live in peace.
1 Corinthians 7:16 Wife, how do you know if you can save your husband? Or husband, how do you know if you can save your wife?
1 Corinthians 7:17 But as God has given to each person, as God has called each one, let them live that way. This is what I instruct in all churches.
1 Corinthians 7:18 If a man is already circumcised when he is called, he should not try to reverse it. If he is uncircumcised when called, he should not get circumcised.
1 Corinthians 7:19 Circumcision doesn't matter, and not being circumcised doesn't matter, but obeying God's commands does matter.
1 Corinthians 7:20 Everyone should remain in the life situation they were in when God called them.
1 Corinthians 7:21 Are you called while a servant? Don't worry about it: but if you can become free, choose that instead.
1 Corinthians 7:22 When someone serves and follows God, they become free, and a person who is free but follows Christ becomes His servant.
1 Corinthians 7:23 You were bought at a price; do not become slaves to people.
1 Corinthians 7:24 Friends, stay as you are when God calls you.
1 Corinthians 7:25 About unmarried women, I don't have a direct order from God, but I offer my opinion as someone who God has shown kindness to be trustworthy.
1 Corinthians 7:26 I believe that, given our current troubles, it is good for a person to stay as they are.
1 Corinthians 7:27 Are you married? Don't try to get a divorce. Are you divorced? Don't look for a wife.
1 Corinthians 7:28 If you get married, you haven't sinned; and if an unmarried woman gets married, she hasn't sinned. However, they will have problems in life. But I want to spare you this.
1 Corinthians 7:29 I tell you, friends, time is running out. It's important that those with wives should live as if they had none.
1 Corinthians 7:30 People who cry should act as if they're not crying; those who are happy should act as if they're not happy; and those who buy things should act as if they don't own them.
1 Corinthians 7:31 People should use this world without misusing it, because this world's way will disappear.
1 Corinthians 7:32 I want you to be free from worries. A single person cares about how to please God.
1 Corinthians 7:33 But a married person cares about worldly things, how to make their spouse happy.
1 Corinthians 7:34 A wife and a virgin are different. The single woman cares about God's work, to be pure in body and spirit, but the married woman cares about worldly things, to please her husband.
1 Corinthians 7:35 I say this for your benefit, not to trap you, but to promote what is proper, and so you can focus on God without distraction.
1 Corinthians 7:36 If a man believes he is acting improperly towards his fiancée, if she is past her prime age and it is necessary, he can do as he chooses, he does not sin: they should get married.
1 Corinthians 7:37 The person who is firm in their decision, not forced but in control of their desire, and decides to stay unmarried, does well.
1 Corinthians 7:38 So the person who helps her get married does good, but the person who does not help her get married does better.
1 Corinthians 7:39 The wife must follow the law while her husband is alive; but if her husband dies, she is free to marry anyone she wants, as long as it is with a believer.
1 Corinthians 7:40 But she is happier if she stays as she is, in my opinion, and I believe I have God's Spirit.

1 Corinthians 8:1 About food given to idols, we understand that we all have knowledge. Knowledge makes one proud, but love builds up.
1 Corinthians 8:2 If someone thinks they know something, they don't know it as well as they should.
1 Corinthians 8:3 If anyone loves God, that person is known by God.
1 Corinthians 8:4 About eating food given to idols, we understand that an idol means nothing in the world, and there is only one God.
1 Corinthians 8:5 Even though some are known as gods, whether in heaven or on earth (and there are many gods and many lords),
1 Corinthians 8:6 For us, there is only one God, the Father, from whom everything comes, and we live for him; and there is one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom everything is made, and through whom we live.
1 Corinthians 8:7 However, not everyone knows this: some people still think of the meat as connected to the idol and eat it with that belief. Because their understanding is weak, it makes them feel guilty.
1 Corinthians 8:8 Eating food does not make us closer to God; if we eat, we are not better; if we don't eat, we are not worse.
1 Corinthians 8:9 But be careful that your freedom does not cause those who are weak to stumble.
1 Corinthians 8:10 If someone sees you with knowledge eating in the temple of an idol, won't a person with a weak conscience feel encouraged to eat food offered to idols?
1 Corinthians 8:11 Will your knowledge cause your weak brother to be lost, for whom Christ died?
1 Corinthians 8:12 But when you do wrong to your brothers and sisters, hurting their weak understanding, you also do wrong to Christ.
1 Corinthians 8:13 If food causes my brother to sin, I will not eat meat as long as the world exists, so I don't make my brother sin.

1 Corinthians 9:1 Am I not a messenger? Am I not free? Have I not seen Jesus Christ our Leader? Are you not my work in God?
1 Corinthians 9:2 Even if I am not an apostle to others, I definitely am to you, for you prove my work as an apostle is true in God.
1 Corinthians 9:3 My answer to those who question me is this:
1 Corinthians 9:4 Don't we have the right to eat and drink?
1 Corinthians 9:5 Don't we have the right to bring along a believing wife like the other apostles, the Lord's brothers, and Peter do?
1 Corinthians 9:6 Don't I and Barnabas have the right not to work?
1 Corinthians 9:7 Who goes to war at their own expense? Who plants a vineyard and doesn't eat its grapes? Or who tends sheep and doesn't drink the milk from the sheep?
1 Corinthians 9:8 Do I say these things on my own, or does the law say the same thing too?
1 Corinthians 9:9 It is written in the Law of Moses, "Do not put a muzzle on the ox when it is treading the grain." Does God care about oxen?
1 Corinthians 9:10 Does he say this for us, indeed? Without a doubt, it is written for us: the one who plows should plow with hope, and the one who threshes with hope should share in the results of his hope.
1 Corinthians 9:11 If we have shared spiritual things with you, is it too much to ask for material things in return?
1 Corinthians 9:12 If others share this authority over you, shouldn't we even more? Yet we haven't exercised this authority; instead, we endure everything so we won't block the message of Christ.
1 Corinthians 9:13 Don't you know that those who serve in holy places get their living from the temple things? And those who serve at the altar share in what is offered on the altar?
1 Corinthians 9:14 God has decided that those who share the good news should be supported by the good news.
1 Corinthians 9:15 I haven't used any of these rights, and I’m not writing this to get such help. I'd rather die than let anyone take away my reason for pride.
1 Corinthians 9:16 Even though I share the good news, I can't boast about it because I must do it; if I don't share the good news, it will be bad for me!
1 Corinthians 9:17 If I do this willingly, I get a reward. But if I do it unwillingly, I am still trusted to share God's message.
1 Corinthians 9:18 What then is my reward? Truly, it is this: when I share the good news, I offer it for free so that I do not misuse my rights in spreading the good news.
1 Corinthians 9:19 Although I am free from everyone, I have become a servant to all, so that I might win more people.
1 Corinthians 9:20 I became like a Jew to win over the Jews. To those following the law, I lived like someone under the law to win them over.
1 Corinthians 9:21 To those not following the law, I lived as if I didn't follow the law (although I am not free from God's law but am under Christ's law) so that I might win over those not following the law.
1 Corinthians 9:22 I became weak for the weak people, so I could win them over. I became everything for everyone, so I could save some by any possible way.
1 Corinthians 9:23 I do this for the good news, so I can share in it with you.
1 Corinthians 9:24 Don't you know that everyone who runs in a race does run, but only one gets the prize? Run in such a way that you may win it.
1 Corinthians 9:25 Everyone who competes in games exercises self-control in everything. They do it to win a perishable crown, but we for an imperishable one.
1 Corinthians 9:26 I run with purpose, not aimlessly; I fight, not like someone just hitting the air.
1 Corinthians 9:27 But I discipline my body and keep it under control, so that after telling others, I myself will not be disqualified.

1 Corinthians 10:1 My friends, I want you to know that all our ancestors were under the cloud and all went through the sea.
1 Corinthians 10:2 They were all baptized as followers of Moses in the cloud and in the sea.
1 Corinthians 10:3 Everyone ate the same spiritual food.
1 Corinthians 10:4 Everyone drank the same spiritual drink because they drank from the spiritual rock that went with them, and that rock was Christ.
1 Corinthians 10:5 God was not happy with many of them because they were defeated in the wilderness.
1 Corinthians 10:6 These things happened to them as examples for us, so we wouldn't desire bad things like they did.
1 Corinthians 10:7 Do not worship idols like some of them did; as the Scripture says, "The people ate and drank, then got up to have fun."
1 Corinthians 10:8 Let's not have sex outside of marriage, like some of them did, and in one day twenty-three thousand died.
1 Corinthians 10:9 Let's not test Christ, as some of them did and were killed by snakes.
1 Corinthians 10:10 Do not complain as some of them did and were killed by the destroyer.
1 Corinthians 10:11 All these things happened to them as examples and are written to warn us, who are living in the last days.
1 Corinthians 10:12 So, if someone thinks they are standing firm, they should be careful not to fall.
1 Corinthians 10:13 No temptation has come to you that isn't normal for people. But God can be trusted not to let you be tempted more than you can handle. He will also give you a way out so you can endure it.
1 Corinthians 10:14 So, my dear friends, run away from worshipping idols.
1 Corinthians 10:15 I talk to you as if you are wise; think about what I'm saying.
1 Corinthians 10:16 The cup we give thanks for, isn't it sharing in Christ's blood? The bread we break, isn't it sharing in Christ's body?
1 Corinthians 10:17 We are many, but we are one loaf of bread and one body, because we all share that one loaf.
1 Corinthians 10:18 Look at the people of Israel: aren't those who eat the sacrifices sharing in the altar?
1 Corinthians 10:19 What am I saying, then? That an idol is worth anything, or that food offered to idols means anything?
1 Corinthians 10:20 I say that what non-Jews sacrifice, they offer to evil spirits, not to God, and I don't want you to be associated with evil spirits.
1 Corinthians 10:21 You cannot drink from God's cup and from the cup of demons; you cannot share in God's table and the table of demons.
1 Corinthians 10:22 Are we making God jealous? Are we stronger than God?
1 Corinthians 10:23 I can do anything, but not everything is good for me: I can do anything, but not everything is helpful to others.
1 Corinthians 10:24 Don't just look out for your own interests, but look out for the interests of others too.
1 Corinthians 10:25 Eat anything sold in the market, without worrying about it for the sake of your conscience.
1 Corinthians 10:26 The Earth belongs to God, and everything in it.
1 Corinthians 10:27 If someone who doesn't believe invites you to a dinner and you want to go, eat whatever they serve you without asking questions, to keep a clear conscience.
1 Corinthians 10:28 If someone tells you, "This food was sacrificed to idols," don't eat it for the sake of the person who mentioned it and for conscience. Because the world belongs to God, and everything in it.
1 Corinthians 10:29 I mean your conscience should consider not just yourself, but others too: for why should my freedom be limited by someone else's conscience?
1 Corinthians 10:30 If I have received a gift from God and am thankful for it, why do people criticize me for it?
1 Corinthians 10:31 No matter what you eat, drink, or do, do everything to honor God.
1 Corinthians 10:32 Do not offend anyone, not Jews, not non-Jews, nor God's church.
1 Corinthians 10:33 I try to please everyone in every way, not looking for my own benefit, but for the good of many so that they may be saved.

1 Corinthians 11:1 Follow me, just as I follow Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:2 I am happy, friends, that you remember me in everything and follow the teachings just as I gave them to you.
1 Corinthians 11:3 I want you to understand that Christ leads every man, the man leads the woman, and God leads Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:4 Every man who prays or speaks God's words with his head covered shames his head.
1 Corinthians 11:5 Every woman who prays or speaks God's messages with her head not covered dishonors her head; it's just like if she had her head shaved.
1 Corinthians 11:6 If a woman does not wear a covering, she should cut her hair. But if it is shameful for a woman to have short hair or be shaved, she should cover her head.
1 Corinthians 11:7 A man should not cover his head because he is made in God's image and reflects God's glory. But a woman reflects a man's glory.
1 Corinthians 11:8 The man does not come from the woman, but the woman comes from the man.
1 Corinthians 11:9 The man was not created for the woman, but the woman for the man.
1 Corinthians 11:10 For this reason, a woman should have a symbol of authority on her head, because of the angels.
1 Corinthians 11:11 Still, neither is man complete without woman, nor woman without man, in God.
1 Corinthians 11:12 Just as a woman comes from a man, so does a man come through a woman; but everything comes from God.
1 Corinthians 11:13 Think for yourselves: is it proper for a woman to pray to God with her head uncovered?
1 Corinthians 11:14 Doesn't nature itself show you that if a man has long hair, it is a disgrace to him?
1 Corinthians 11:15 If a woman has long hair, it is her pride, because her hair is given to her as a covering.
1 Corinthians 11:16 If anyone likes to argue, we don't have that habit, and neither do God's churches.
1 Corinthians 11:17 In telling you this, I do not praise you, because when you meet, it's not for the good but for the bad.
1 Corinthians 11:18 First, when you meet as a church, I've heard there are splits among you, and I believe it somewhat.
1 Corinthians 11:19 There must also be false beliefs among you, so that those who are true can be clearly seen.
1 Corinthians 11:20 When you meet together in one place, it is not to eat God's supper.
1 Corinthians 11:21 When they eat, some people go first and take their own meal, leaving others hungry while some have too much to drink.
1 Corinthians 11:22 Do you not have homes to eat and drink in? Or do you look down on God's church and embarrass those who have nothing? What should I say to you? Should I commend you for this? I do not commend you.
1 Corinthians 11:23 I got from God what I also passed on to you: on the night Jesus was betrayed, he took bread.
1 Corinthians 11:24 After thanking God, he broke the bread and said, "Take and eat; this is my body given for you. Do this to remember me."
1 Corinthians 11:25 In the same way, he took the cup after supper and said, "This cup is the new agreement in my blood; do this whenever you drink it, to remember me."
1 Corinthians 11:26 Every time you eat this bread and drink this cup, you show the death of God until he comes.
1 Corinthians 11:27 So anyone who eats this bread and drinks this cup of God in a wrong way will be guilty of sinning against God's body and blood.
1 Corinthians 11:28 A person should check themselves before they eat the bread and drink from the cup.
1 Corinthians 11:29 Anyone who eats and drinks without respecting the body of God eats and drinks judgment on themselves.
1 Corinthians 11:30 Because of this, many of you are weak and ill, and a number have died.
1 Corinthians 11:31 If we judge ourselves, we won't be judged by others.
1 Corinthians 11:32 When God corrects us, it's so we won't be punished along with the world.
1 Corinthians 11:33 So, my friends, when you gather to eat, wait for each other.
1 Corinthians 11:34 If anyone is hungry, they should eat at home so that when you meet, it doesn't lead to judgment. I will take care of the other matters when I arrive.

1 Corinthians 12:1 About spiritual gifts, friends, I don't want you to be unaware.
1 Corinthians 12:2 You know that before, as non-Jews, you followed silent idols wherever you were taken.
1 Corinthians 12:3 I want you to know that no one led by God's Spirit says Jesus is cursed, and no one can say Jesus is Lord without the Holy Spirit.
1 Corinthians 12:4 There are different kinds of gifts, but the same Spirit.
1 Corinthians 12:5 There are different ways to serve, but the same God.
1 Corinthians 12:6 There are different ways of working, but it is the same God who does all the work in everyone.
1 Corinthians 12:7 The Spirit shows itself in each person for the common good.
1 Corinthians 12:8 One person receives wisdom from the Spirit; another gets knowledge from the same Spirit.
1 Corinthians 12:9 To one person the Spirit gives strong faith; to another person the same Spirit gives the power to heal.
1 Corinthians 12:10 One is given the power to perform miracles; another can prophesy; another can distinguish between spirits; another can speak in different languages; and yet another can interpret those languages.
1 Corinthians 12:11 But the same Spirit does all these things, giving to each person different gifts as he chooses.
1 Corinthians 12:12 Just as a body is one unit but has many parts, and all these parts make up one body, it is the same with Christ.
1 Corinthians 12:13 Through one Spirit, we were all baptized into one body, no matter if we are Jews or non-Jews, slaves or free; and we were all given the same Spirit to drink.
1 Corinthians 12:14 The body is not just one part, but many parts.
1 Corinthians 12:15 If the foot says, "Since I am not the hand, I don't belong to the body," does that mean it's not part of the body?
1 Corinthians 12:16 If the ear says, "Because I'm not the eye, I don't belong to the body," does that mean it's not part of the body?
1 Corinthians 12:17 If the whole body were an eye, how could we hear? If it were all ear, how could we smell?
1 Corinthians 12:18 God has placed each part of the body as he wanted.
1 Corinthians 12:19 If they were all one part, where would the body be?
1 Corinthians 12:20 Now there are many parts, but only one body.
1 Corinthians 12:21 The eye can't tell the hand, "I don't need you," and the head can't tell the feet, "I don't need you."
1 Corinthians 12:22 No, even those parts of the body that seem weaker are important.
1 Corinthians 12:23 We give more honor to the parts of the body we think are less worthy, and our less attractive parts get more attention to look better.
1 Corinthians 12:24 Our attractive parts don't need anything, but God has put the body together, giving extra honor to the parts that were lacking.
1 Corinthians 12:25 The body should have no divide; but its parts should care equally for each other.
1 Corinthians 12:26 If one part hurts, all parts hurt with it; if one part is honored, all parts are happy with it.
1 Corinthians 12:27 You are now the body of Christ, each one of you a part of it.
1 Corinthians 12:28 God has placed in the church first apostles, then prophets, next teachers, then those who do miracles, followed by those with healing gifts, helpers, leaders, and different kinds of language speakers.
1 Corinthians 12:29 Are all messengers? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Does everyone perform miracles?
1 Corinthians 12:30 Does everyone have healing gifts? Does everyone speak in different languages? Does everyone explain what is said?
1 Corinthians 12:31 Desire greatly the best gifts; but I will show you an even better way.

1 Corinthians 13:1 If I speak in human and angel languages but don't have love, I am only a loud horn or a clanging cymbal.
1 Corinthians 13:2 Even if I can prophesy, understand all secrets, know everything, and have enough faith to move mountains, but don't have love, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:3 Even if I give away everything I own to help the poor, and even if I sacrifice my body, but do not have love, it does me no good.
1 Corinthians 13:4 Love is patient and kind; love does not envy; love does not boast and is not proud.
1 Corinthians 13:5 Doesn't act improperly, doesn't seek its own benefit, isn't easily angered, doesn't think of doing wrong.
1 Corinthians 13:6 Does not delight in wrong, but celebrates the truth.
1 Corinthians 13:7 Bears everything, believes everything, hopes for everything, endures everything.
1 Corinthians 13:8 Love never ends. But if there are prophecies, they will stop; if there are languages, they will end; if there is knowledge, it will go away.
1 Corinthians 13:9 We know some things and we tell about the future as much as we know.
1 Corinthians 13:10 When the perfect thing comes, the imperfect things will disappear.
1 Corinthians 13:11 When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. But when I grew up, I stopped doing childish things.
1 Corinthians 13:12 Now we see unclearly, as in a mirror; but then we will see clearly, face to face. Now I know only a little; but then I will fully understand, just as I am fully understood.
1 Corinthians 13:13 Now faith, hope, and love remain, these three; but the most important of these is love.

1 Corinthians 14:1 Chase after love and want spiritual gifts, especially to prophesy.
1 Corinthians 14:2 When someone speaks in a language no one knows, they are not speaking to people but to God, because no one can understand them. However, they are saying secret things in their spirit.
1 Corinthians 14:3 The person who prophesies speaks to people to build them up, encourage them, and give them comfort.
1 Corinthians 14:4 Anyone who speaks in a language not known improves himself; but one who prophesies builds up the church.
1 Corinthians 14:5 I wish you could all speak in different languages, but it's better to share God's messages. The one sharing God's messages is more helpful than one speaking in languages, unless they explain it, so the church can learn and grow.
1 Corinthians 14:6 Now, friends, if I come to you speaking in different languages, how will it help you unless I bring you some revelation, knowledge, prophecy, or teaching?
1 Corinthians 14:7 Even lifeless things that make noise, like pipes or harps, need to make different sounds. If they don't, how can you tell what is being played?
1 Corinthians 14:8 If the trumpet makes a confusing sound, who will get ready for the fight?
1 Corinthians 14:9 In the same way, if you don't speak clear words with your tongue, how will anyone know what you're saying? Otherwise, you're just talking to the air.
1 Corinthians 14:10 In the world, there might be many different sounds, and each one has its own meaning.
1 Corinthians 14:11 So if I don't understand what someone is saying, I am like a foreigner to the speaker, and the speaker is like a foreigner to me.
1 Corinthians 14:12 In the same way, since you are eager for spiritual gifts, try to be the best at building up the church.
1 Corinthians 14:13 So, if someone speaks in a language others don't know, they should pray for the ability to explain it.
1 Corinthians 14:14 If I pray in a language I don't know, my spirit prays but I can't understand it.
1 Corinthians 14:15 So what should be done? I will pray with my spirit, but I will also pray with my mind. I will sing with my spirit, but I will also sing with my mind.
1 Corinthians 14:16 If you give thanks with your spirit, how can someone who doesn't know what you're saying join in and say "Amen" to your prayer of thanks?
1 Corinthians 14:17 You truly give thanks well, but the other person is not helped.
1 Corinthians 14:18 I thank God, I speak in different languages more than all of you.
1 Corinthians 14:19 In church, I prefer to say five words that I understand to teach others, rather than ten thousand words in a language nobody knows.
1 Corinthians 14:20 Friends, don't be childish in understanding. Yet in bad intentions be like children, but in understanding be adults.
1 Corinthians 14:21 The law says, "I will speak to these people through people with different languages and lips, but even then, they will not listen to me," says God.
1 Corinthians 14:22 So, speaking in different languages is a sign for unbelievers, not believers, while prophesying is for believers, not unbelievers.
1 Corinthians 14:23 So if the whole church meets in one place and everyone starts speaking in different languages, and people who don't understand or don't believe come in, won't they think you are crazy?
1 Corinthians 14:24 If everyone prophesies and an unbeliever or someone who doesn't know about this comes in, they are convinced by everyone and judged by everyone.
1 Corinthians 14:25 The secrets of his heart become clear; he falls down on his face to worship God, saying truly God is with you.
1 Corinthians 14:26 So, friends, when you meet, each of you brings a song, a teaching, a language, a revelation, or an explanation. Make sure that all of these build up the group.
1 Corinthians 14:27 If someone speaks in a language not known, they should do so two or three at a time, taking turns; and there should be one person to explain it.
1 Corinthians 14:28 If there is no interpreter, he should remain quiet in the church; he can speak to himself and to God.
1 Corinthians 14:29 Let two or three prophets speak, and let the others evaluate.
1 Corinthians 14:30 If something is shown to another person sitting nearby, the first person should stop talking.
1 Corinthians 14:31 You can all give messages from God one at a time, so everyone can learn and be encouraged.
1 Corinthians 14:32 The prophets' spirits are under the prophets' control.
1 Corinthians 14:33 God does not create confusion, but peace, in all the churches of the holy people.
1 Corinthians 14:34 Women should keep quiet in churches: they are not allowed to speak, but must be submissive, as the law also says.
1 Corinthians 14:35 If they want to learn something, they should ask their husbands at home, because it's shameful for women to talk in the church.
1 Corinthians 14:36 Did God's message originate with you? Or was it given to only you?
1 Corinthians 14:37 If someone believes they are a prophet or spiritual, they should accept that what I am writing to you are God's commands.
1 Corinthians 14:38 If someone does not know, let them not know.
1 Corinthians 14:39 Friends, want to prophesy and do not stop others from speaking in different tongues.
1 Corinthians 14:40 Do everything properly and in an organized way.

1 Corinthians 15:1 Friends, I tell you the good news I gave you, which you accepted and still follow.
1 Corinthians 15:2 You are saved by this too, if you remember what I told you, unless your belief was for nothing.
1 Corinthians 15:3 I first told you what I was also told: Christ died for our sins as the writings said.
1 Corinthians 15:4 He was buried and rose again on the third day, just as the scriptures said.
1 Corinthians 15:5 He was seen by Cephas, then by the twelve.
1 Corinthians 15:6 After that, more than five hundred followers saw him at one time; most of them are still alive today, though some have died.
1 Corinthians 15:7 After that, James saw him; then all the apostles did.
1 Corinthians 15:8 Lastly, he was seen by me too, like someone born at the wrong time.
1 Corinthians 15:9 I am the least of the apostles and not worthy to be called an apostle because I persecuted God's church.
1 Corinthians 15:10 Because of God's kindness, I am who I am, and his kindness to me was not wasted; I worked harder than all of them, yet it was not me, but God's kindness with me.
1 Corinthians 15:11 So whether it was I or they, this is what we preach, and this is what you believed.
1 Corinthians 15:12 If we preach that Christ rose from the dead, why do some of you say that the dead are not raised?
1 Corinthians 15:13 If the dead are not raised, then Christ has not been raised.
1 Corinthians 15:14 If Christ has not been raised, then our teaching is useless, and so is your faith.
1 Corinthians 15:15 Yes, and we are proven liars about God; because we claimed that God brought Christ back to life, which He didn't do if it's true that the dead don't come back to life.
1 Corinthians 15:16 If the dead don't rise, then Christ has not been raised either.
1 Corinthians 15:17 If Christ has not been raised, your faith is useless; you are still guilty of your sins.
1 Corinthians 15:18 Then those who have died believing in Christ are also lost.
1 Corinthians 15:19 If we only hope in Christ for this life, we are the most unhappy of all people.
1 Corinthians 15:20 Now Christ has risen from the dead and is the first to rise from those who have died.
1 Corinthians 15:21 Death came through a person, and the raising of the dead also came through a person.
1 Corinthians 15:22 Just as everyone dies because of Adam, so everyone will be given life because of Christ.
1 Corinthians 15:23 Everyone will be raised to life in their own turn: Christ was the first; then, when he comes, those who belong to him will be raised to life.
1 Corinthians 15:24 The end comes when he hands over the kingdom to God, the Father, after he ends all control, authority, and power.
1 Corinthians 15:25 He must rule until he has defeated all his enemies.
1 Corinthians 15:26 The final enemy to be destroyed is death.
1 Corinthians 15:27 God has placed everything under his control, but when it is said that everything is under him, it's clear that this does not include God who put everything under his control.
1 Corinthians 15:28 When everything is under his control, then the Son will also be under the one who gave him power over everything, so that God will be everything to everyone.
1 Corinthians 15:29 What will those who are baptized for the dead do if the dead are not raised at all? Why are they baptized for the dead?
1 Corinthians 15:30 Why do we risk our lives every hour?
1 Corinthians 15:31 I assure you by the happiness I have in Christ Jesus our God, I face death every day.
1 Corinthians 15:32 If I fought wild beasts in Ephesus just as people do, what good is it to me if the dead don't rise again? Let's eat and drink, because tomorrow we will die.
1 Corinthians 15:33 Don't be fooled: bad company ruins good character.
1 Corinthians 15:34 Wake up to what is right, and do not sin; because some do not know God: I say this to make you ashamed.
1 Corinthians 15:35 Someone might ask, "How are the dead brought back to life? And what kind of body will they have?"
1 Corinthians 15:36 You fool, what you plant won't come to life unless it dies first.
1 Corinthians 15:37 When you plant, you do not plant the full-grown plant, but just a seed, maybe wheat or another kind.
1 Corinthians 15:38 God gives it a body as he wants, and to every seed its own body.
1 Corinthians 15:39 Not all living beings have the same body: humans have one kind, animals another, fish another, and birds another.
1 Corinthians 15:40 There are heavenly bodies and earthly bodies: the beauty of the heavenly is one kind, and the beauty of the earthly is another kind.
1 Corinthians 15:41 The sun has one kind of beauty, the moon another, and the stars another; and each star is different in its beauty.
1 Corinthians 15:42 The resurrection of the dead is like this: What is buried decays, but what is raised cannot decay.
1 Corinthians 15:43 It is planted with shame; it is raised with honor: it is planted weak; it is raised strong.
1 Corinthians 15:44 A physical body is planted; a spiritual body is raised. There is a physical body, and there is a spiritual body.
1 Corinthians 15:45 The first man, Adam, became a living being; the last Adam became a life-giving spirit.
1 Corinthians 15:46 The natural life comes first, not the spiritual one; the spiritual life comes after.
1 Corinthians 15:47 The first man comes from the earth and is made of earth; the second man comes from heaven and is the Lord.
1 Corinthians 15:48 People from the earth are like the earth; those from heaven are like heaven.
1 Corinthians 15:49 We have carried the likeness of the earthly, and we will also carry the likeness of the heavenly.
1 Corinthians 15:50 I tell you, friends, that our physical bodies cannot enter God's kingdom; and what is perishable cannot become imperishable.
1 Corinthians 15:51 Look, I tell you a secret; not all of us will die, but we will all be changed.
1 Corinthians 15:52 In a moment, in a quick blink, when the final trumpet sounds, the trumpet will blow, the dead will rise never to die again, and we will be different.
1 Corinthians 15:53 This body that can be destroyed must become one that cannot be destroyed, and this body that can die must become one that cannot die.
1 Corinthians 15:54 When what can decay becomes undying, and what can die becomes immortal, then the saying that is written will happen: Death is overcome by triumph.
1 Corinthians 15:55 Death, where is your sting? Grave, where is your victory?
1 Corinthians 15:56 Death hurts because of sin; and sin is powerful because of the law.
1 Corinthians 15:57 Thank God, who gives us victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 15:58 So, my dear friends, remain firm, unshaken, always doing plenty in God’s work, because you know that what you do for God is never useless.

1 Corinthians 16:1 About the money being gathered for God's people, do as I told the churches in Galatia to do.
1 Corinthians 16:2 On the first day of the week, each of you should set aside some money in keeping with how much God has blessed you, so that we won't need to collect money when I arrive.
1 Corinthians 16:3 When I arrive, whoever you choose and recommend in your letters, I will send them to take your gift to Jerusalem.
1 Corinthians 16:4 If it's right that I go too, they will go with me.
1 Corinthians 16:5 I will come to you after I travel through Macedonia because I am going through Macedonia.
1 Corinthians 16:6 I might stay and spend the winter with you, so you can help me continue my trip wherever I go.
1 Corinthians 16:7 I won't visit you now as I travel; but I hope to stay with you for a bit, if God allows.
1 Corinthians 16:8 But I will stay in Ephesus until Pentecost.
1 Corinthians 16:9 A big and powerful opportunity has come to me, and there are many opponents.
1 Corinthians 16:10 If Timothy comes, make sure he can be with you without fear, because he is doing God's work, just like I am.
1 Corinthians 16:11 Don't let anyone look down on him. Send him off in peace so he can come to me, because I am expecting him with the others.
1 Corinthians 16:12 About our friend Apollos, I really wanted him to visit you with the others, but he did not want to come right now. He will come when he has a good time.
1 Corinthians 16:13 Stay alert, stand firm in your belief, be brave and strong.
1 Corinthians 16:14 Do everything with love.
1 Corinthians 16:15 I ask you, friends, you know Stephanas's family was the first to believe in Achaia, and they have dedicated themselves to serving God's people.
1 Corinthians 16:16 Submit to such people, and to everyone who works and labors with us.
1 Corinthians 16:17 I am happy Stephanas, Fortunatus, and Achaicus came because they have provided what you could not.
1 Corinthians 16:18 They have uplifted my spirit and yours; so recognize those like them.
1 Corinthians 16:19 The churches in Asia send their greetings to you. Aquila and Priscilla send a warm greeting in God, along with the church that meets in their home.
1 Corinthians 16:20 All the friends send their greetings. Greet each other with a sacred kiss.
1 Corinthians 16:21 I, Paul, greet you with my own hand.
1 Corinthians 16:22 If someone does not love the Lord Jesus Christ, let that person be cursed.
1 Corinthians 16:23 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
1 Corinthians 16:24 My love is with all of you in Christ Jesus. Amen.

2 Corinthians 1:1 Paul, a messenger of Jesus Christ chosen by God, and Timothy our brother, to God's church in Corinth and all God's holy people throughout Achaia:
2 Corinthians 1:2 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:3 Praise God, who is the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the giver of mercy, and the source of all comfort.
2 Corinthians 1:4 God comforts us in all our troubles so we can comfort others in trouble with the same comfort we receive from God.
2 Corinthians 1:5 Just as we have many sufferings like Christ, we also have much comfort through Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:6 When we face troubles, it's to help and save you. This help works when you patiently go through the same pains we also have. And when we are comforted, it's to help and save you too.
2 Corinthians 1:7 We are sure of our hope for you, knowing that just as you share in the sufferings, you will also share in the comfort.
2 Corinthians 1:8 We don't want you, friends, to be unaware of the hardships we faced in Asia. We were under great pressure, beyond our ability to endure, so much that we lost hope of living.
2 Corinthians 1:9 We felt like we were sentenced to die, so that we wouldn't rely on ourselves but on God who raises the dead.
2 Corinthians 1:10 God saved us from a terrible death, continues to save us, and we trust will keep on saving us.
2 Corinthians 1:11 You also help us by praying together, so many can give thanks for the gift given to us through many people.
2 Corinthians 1:12 We are happy because we know in our hearts that we have lived in the world with simplicity and sincere faith in God, not with human wisdom but by God's grace, and especially so in our behavior towards you.
2 Corinthians 1:13 We write nothing else to you than what you read and understand, and I hope you will understand fully to the end.
2 Corinthians 1:14 You have recognized that we are your reason to be proud, just as you are ours when Jesus returns.
2 Corinthians 1:15 I planned to visit you first so you could be blessed twice.
2 Corinthians 1:16 I plan to go through your area to Macedonia, then return from Macedonia to you, and then have you help me on my journey to Judea.
2 Corinthians 1:17 So when I decided this, did I do it lightly? Or do I make plans in a worldly way, so that in the same breath I say both "Yes, yes" and "No, no"?
2 Corinthians 1:18 But as God is truthful, our message to you wasn't yes and no.
2 Corinthians 1:19 God's Son, Jesus Christ, who we told you about—me, Silvanus, and Timotheus—wasn't sometimes yes and sometimes no; in him, it was always yes.
2 Corinthians 1:20 All of God's promises in him are yes, and in him, so be it, to show the greatness of God through us.
2 Corinthians 1:21 God makes us strong with you in Christ and has chosen us.
2 Corinthians 1:22 God has also sealed us and given us the Spirit as a promise in our hearts.
2 Corinthians 1:23 I tell you before God, I did not come to Corinth yet to avoid being hard on you.
2 Corinthians 1:24 We don't control your faith, but help bring you joy: you stand strong because of faith.

2 Corinthians 2:1 I decided not to visit you again while feeling sad.
2 Corinthians 2:2 If I make you sad, who can cheer me up except the one I’ve made sad?
2 Corinthians 2:3 I wrote this to you so that when I come, I won't be sad about those I should be happy about, trusting that what makes me happy also makes all of you happy.
2 Corinthians 2:4 I wrote to you with a heavy heart and many tears, not to make you sad, but to show you how much I love you.
2 Corinthians 2:5 If someone has caused sadness, they haven't deeply saddened me, but only to a small extent, so as not to weigh you all down too much.
2 Corinthians 2:6 This punishment, given by many, is enough for that person.
2 Corinthians 2:7 So instead you should forgive and comfort him, so he isn't overcome with too much sadness.
2 Corinthians 2:8 So I urge you to show him your love clearly.
2 Corinthians 2:9 I wrote for this reason too, so I could see if you would follow all instructions.
2 Corinthians 2:10 If you forgive anyone, I also forgive them. If I have forgiven anything, I did it for you in the way of Christ.
2 Corinthians 2:11 So Satan won't outsmart us: we know his tricks.
2 Corinthians 2:12 When I went to Troas to tell people about Christ, God opened an opportunity for me.
2 Corinthians 2:13 I could not rest because I did not find my brother Titus. So, I said goodbye and went to Macedonia.
2 Corinthians 2:14 Thank you to God, who always leads us to victory in Christ and shows the value of his knowledge through us everywhere.
2 Corinthians 2:15 We are like a pleasing fragrance of Christ to God, among those who are being saved and those who are perishing.
2 Corinthians 2:16 To some, we smell like death leading to more death; to others, we smell like life leading to more life. Who is fit for such tasks?
2 Corinthians 2:17 We are not like some who misuse God's words. We speak with honesty, as from God and in God's presence, we speak in Christ.

2 Corinthians 3:1 Are we starting to praise ourselves again? Do we need, like some people, letters of recommendation to or from you?
2 Corinthians 3:2 You are our letter, written in our hearts, known and read by everyone.
2 Corinthians 3:3 It is clear that you are Christ's letter, delivered by us, not written with ink but with the Spirit of the living God, not on stone tablets but on the human heart's living pages.
2 Corinthians 3:4 We have this confidence in God through Christ.
2 Corinthians 3:5 We are not capable on our own to consider anything as coming from ourselves; our ability comes from God.
2 Corinthians 3:6 God has also made us skilled servants of the new agreement; not by the written laws, but by the spirit: because the written laws can cause death, but the spirit gives life.
2 Corinthians 3:7 But if the service of death, written on stones, was so bright that the people of Israel could not look straight at Moses's face because of its shine, which was passing away:
2 Corinthians 3:8 How could serving in the Spirit not be more glorious?
2 Corinthians 3:9 For if the service that brings condemnation is glorious, the service that brings righteousness is far more glorious.
2 Corinthians 3:10 Even what used to be glorious has no glory now compared to the greater glory.
2 Corinthians 3:11 If something that ends was great, then what stays is even greater.
2 Corinthians 3:12 Since we have this hope, we speak very clearly.
2 Corinthians 3:13 Unlike Moses, who covered his face with a veil to prevent the Israelites from seeing the end of the fading glory.
2 Corinthians 3:14 Their minds were closed. Even today, the same covering stays when they read the old covenant, not removed because it is taken away through Christ.
2 Corinthians 3:15 But even now, when people read about Moses, their hearts are covered like with a veil.
2 Corinthians 3:16 When people turn to God, the veil will be removed.
2 Corinthians 3:17 Now God is that Spirit, and where God's Spirit is, there is freedom.
2 Corinthians 3:18 We all, with uncovered faces, look at God's glory as if looking in a mirror and are transformed to become more like Him, from one degree of glory to another, by God's Spirit.

2 Corinthians 4:1 Because we are given this service and have received kindness, we do not lose heart.
2 Corinthians 4:2 We have turned away from secret and shameful ways; we do not use trickery, nor do we distort God's message. Instead, by clearly showing the truth, we prove ourselves to everyone's conscience in God's presence.
2 Corinthians 4:3 If our good news is hidden, it's hidden from those who are lost.
2 Corinthians 4:4 The god of this world has made the minds of unbelievers so they can't see. This way, the bright Good News about Christ, who is like God, doesn't shine on them.
2 Corinthians 4:5 We do not speak about ourselves, but we speak about Jesus Christ as the Lord; and we are your servants because of Jesus.
2 Corinthians 4:6 God, who made light shine out of darkness, has shone in our hearts to give us the understanding of God's glory shown in Jesus Christ's face.
2 Corinthians 4:7 We hold this treasure in clay jars, so that the power shown is God's and not ours.
2 Corinthians 4:8 We face troubles on all sides but are not crushed; we are confused but not hopeless.
2 Corinthians 4:9 Chased, but not abandoned; knocked down, but not ruined;
2 Corinthians 4:10 Always carrying in our body the death of Jesus, so that the life of Jesus may also be shown in our body.
2 Corinthians 4:11 We who are alive are always facing death for Jesus so that Jesus' life can also be shown in our dying bodies.
2 Corinthians 4:12 So death is active in us, but life is in you.
2 Corinthians 4:13 We have the same spirit of faith, just as it is written, "I believed, and so I spoke." We also believe, and so we speak.
2 Corinthians 4:14 Understanding that God, who raised Jesus, will also raise us with Jesus, and will bring us together with you.
2 Corinthians 4:15 Everything is for you, so that God's great kindness can spread to more people, making them grateful and honoring God.
2 Corinthians 4:16 We don't lose heart, for even if our bodies are failing, our true self is renewed every day.
2 Corinthians 4:17 Our small troubles, which last only a short time, are earning us a much greater and lasting glory.
2 Corinthians 4:18 We focus not on what can be seen, but on what cannot be seen. What is seen is temporary; what is unseen is forever.

2 Corinthians 5:1 We know that if our earthly body is destroyed, we have a home from God, a place not built by hands, lasting forever in heaven.
2 Corinthians 5:2 In this we deeply long to be covered by our heavenly home.
2 Corinthians 5:3 If we are clothed, we will not be found naked.
2 Corinthians 5:4 We who live in this body sigh because we feel heavy, not because we want to remove our bodies, but to add to them so that our dying can be completely absorbed by life.
2 Corinthians 5:5 God made us for this very purpose and has given us the Spirit as a guarantee.
2 Corinthians 5:6 So we always feel sure, because we know that while we live in our bodies, we are away from God.
2 Corinthians 5:7 We live by trusting, not by seeing.
2 Corinthians 5:8 We are sure and would prefer to be away from our body and to be with God.
2 Corinthians 5:9 We work hard so that, whether we are with him or away from him, we may be pleasing to God.
2 Corinthians 5:10 We all must stand before Christ to be judged; so that each person receives what they did on Earth, good or bad.
2 Corinthians 5:11 Understanding God's awesome power, we try to convince people; we are clearly seen by God, and I hope we are also clear in your hearts.
2 Corinthians 5:12 We are not praising ourselves to you again, but we are giving you a reason to be proud of us so you can have something to say to those who take pride in what they look like, rather than what is in their heart.
2 Corinthians 5:13 Whether we seem crazy, it's for God, or if we act sensibly, it's for you.
2 Corinthians 5:14 Christ's love compels us; we believe that since one died for everyone, then everyone was dead.
2 Corinthians 5:15 He died for everyone, so that those who live should no longer live for themselves, but for him who died for them and came back to life.
2 Corinthians 5:16 From now on, we don't know anyone in a worldly way; even if we once knew Christ in this way, we don't know him like that anymore.
2 Corinthians 5:17 So if anyone is with Christ, they are a new person: the old has gone, and everything is new.
2 Corinthians 5:18 Everything comes from God, who brought us back to himself through Jesus Christ and has given us the task of bringing others back to him.
2 Corinthians 5:19 God was in Christ, bringing the world back to himself, not holding people's sins against them; and he has trusted us with the message of reconciliation.
2 Corinthians 5:20 We are Christ's representatives, and it's as if God is asking you through us: we urge you on behalf of Christ, make peace with God.
2 Corinthians 5:21 God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the goodness of God.

2 Corinthians 6:1 We, as partners with God, urge you not to take God's kindness for nothing.
2 Corinthians 6:2 God says, "I have listened to you at the right time, and on the day of rescue, I have helped you. Look, now is the right time; now is the day of rescue."
2 Corinthians 6:3 Not causing trouble in anything, so that no one can criticize our service.
2 Corinthians 6:4 We show we are God's servants in everything by being patient, during troubles, when we need things, and in hard times.
2 Corinthians 6:5 Through beatings, jail time, riots, hard work, sleepless nights, and times without food;
2 Corinthians 6:6 Through purity, understanding, patience, kindness, the Holy Spirit, and genuine love,
2 Corinthians 6:7 By the true message, by God's power, by the right ways to act on both sides,
2 Corinthians 6:8 Through praise and criticism, by bad and good reputation: seen as liars, but truthful.
2 Corinthians 6:9 Although unknown, we are well recognized; although we face death, see, we live; although disciplined, we are not put to death.
2 Corinthians 6:10 Feeling sad but always happy; being poor but making many rich; owning nothing but having everything.
2 Corinthians 6:11 People of Corinth, we speak openly to you; our hearts are full of love for you.
2 Corinthians 6:12 You are not limited by us, but you are limited by your own feelings.
2 Corinthians 6:13 Now, to repay me in the same way, (I'm speaking to you as my children,) you should also open your hearts to us.
2 Corinthians 6:14 Don't team up with those who don't believe: what do good and bad have in common? Or what can light share with darkness?
2 Corinthians 6:15 What agreement does Christ have with Belial? Or what does a believer have in common with an unbeliever?
2 Corinthians 6:16 What deal does God's temple have with idols? You are the living God's temple. God said, I will live in them and be with them; I will be their God, and they will be my people.
2 Corinthians 6:17 So leave them and be different, says God, and do not touch dirty things; then I will accept you.
2 Corinthians 6:18 I will be a Father to you, and you will be my sons and daughters, says God Almighty.

2 Corinthians 7:1 So with these promises, dear friends, let's clean ourselves from every dirty thing of body and spirit, making our holiness complete by respecting God.
2 Corinthians 7:2 Accept us; we have not wronged anyone, we have not corrupted anyone, we have not cheated anyone.
2 Corinthians 7:3 I am not saying this to blame you: I have already told you that you are so dear to us, we would happily live or die with you.
2 Corinthians 7:4 I speak to you with great confidence, and I take great pride in you. I am filled with comfort and am very happy, even during our troubles.
2 Corinthians 7:5 When we arrived in Macedonia, we had no peace. We faced problems everywhere; there were conflicts outside and fears inside.
2 Corinthians 7:6 God, who comforts the discouraged, cheered us up with Titus's arrival.
2 Corinthians 7:7 Not just his arrival, but also the comfort he got from you made me happy, as he shared your strong desire, your sadness, and your warm feelings for me; this made me even happier.
2 Corinthians 7:8 Even though my letter made you sad, I don't regret it, even though I did feel sorry before. I see now that the letter made you sad, but only for a little while.
2 Corinthians 7:9 I'm glad not because you were upset, but because your sadness led to change. Your sorrow was for the right reasons, so it didn't harm you because of us.
2 Corinthians 7:10 Feeling truly sorry for our wrongs leads to a change of heart that brings us to be saved, and we won't regret it; but worldly sadness only leads to death.
2 Corinthians 7:11 Look at how seriously you took your sadness, leading to earnestness, a desire to clear yourselves, anger at wrong, fear of doing wrong, strong longing to do right, passion for truth, and a determination to make things right! You have shown that you are innocent in this matter.
2 Corinthians 7:12 I wrote to you not because of the person who did wrong, or the person who was wronged, but to show you our concern for you before God.
2 Corinthians 7:13 So we were cheered up by your encouragement and even more happy about Titus's joy, because you all made him feel better.
2 Corinthians 7:14 If I have praised you to him, I am not embarrassed; just as everything we told you was true, our praises to Titus about you are also true.
2 Corinthians 7:15 His deep feelings for you are very strong as he remembers how all of you obeyed and welcomed him with respect and nervousness.
2 Corinthians 7:16 I am happy because I trust you in everything.

2 Corinthians 8:1 Also, friends, we want you to know about the kindness God gave to the churches in Macedonia.
2 Corinthians 8:2 They were very joyful in hard times, and though very poor, they were very generous.
2 Corinthians 8:3 They gave as much as they could, I can testify, and even beyond their ability, they did it willingly on their own.
2 Corinthians 8:4 They asked us earnestly to accept the gift and share in serving the holy people.
2 Corinthians 8:5 They did this, not in the way we expected, but they first offered themselves to God, and then to us, because God wanted it that way.
2 Corinthians 8:6 We really wanted Titus to complete the good work he started with you.
2 Corinthians 8:7 So, as you excel in everything, in faith, speech, knowledge, complete effort, and love for us, make sure you also excel in this kindness.
2 Corinthians 8:8 I'm not telling you this as a rule, but to show how eager others are, and to test how genuine your love is.
2 Corinthians 8:9 You know about the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ, that even though he was rich, he became poor for your sake, so that by his poverty you could become rich.
2 Corinthians 8:10 I offer this advice: it is good for you, who started to give last year, to not only continue but also to be eager to finish.
2 Corinthians 8:11 So now, do what you have planned; just as you were eager to want to do it, make sure you also complete it with what you have.
2 Corinthians 8:12 If someone is willing to give, it is appreciated for what they can afford, not for what they cannot.
2 Corinthians 8:13 I don't want others to have it easy while you are burdened.
2 Corinthians 8:14 Let there be fairness so your plenty can help others who need it, and in turn, their plenty can help you when you need it, so that everyone has what they need.
2 Corinthians 8:15 It is written, whoever collected a lot had nothing extra, and whoever collected a little did not fall short.
2 Corinthians 8:16 Thank God, who placed the same sincere concern in Titus's heart for you.
2 Corinthians 8:17 He truly welcomed the encouragement, but being more eager, he went to you on his own initiative.
2 Corinthians 8:18 We have sent him along with our brother, who is well known in the churches for his work in sharing the good news.
2 Corinthians 8:19 And not only that, but he was also picked by the churches to go with us with this kindness, which is given by us for the honor of God, and to show your willingness.
2 Corinthians 8:20 We avoid any blame about how we handle this large amount by being careful.
2 Corinthians 8:21 Taking care of what is right, not just before God, but also before people.
2 Corinthians 8:22 We've sent our brother with them. We've often found he works hard in many things, but now he's even more careful because I trust you a lot.
2 Corinthians 8:23 If anyone asks about Titus, he is my partner and helper for you. If they ask about our brothers, they are the church's messengers and show Christ's honor.
2 Corinthians 8:24 Show them, and all the churches, how much you love and that we were right to boast about you.

2 Corinthians 9:1 Regarding helping God's people, it's unnecessary for me to write to you about it.
2 Corinthians 9:2 I know how eager you are, and I have been bragging about you to the Macedonians, telling them that Achaia has been ready since last year; and your enthusiasm has inspired many others.
2 Corinthians 9:3 I sent the friends to make sure our praise of you wasn't empty, so you would be prepared as I told you.
2 Corinthians 9:4 We don't want to be embarrassed if some Macedonians come with me and see that you're not ready, after I've been so sure of you.
2 Corinthians 9:5 I felt it was important to encourage our friends to visit you first and arrange the generous gift you had promised so it will be ready as a willing gift, not as something forced.
2 Corinthians 9:6 I say this: a person who plants a little will harvest a little, and a person who plants a lot will harvest a lot.
2 Corinthians 9:7 Each person should give what they have decided in their heart to give. They should not give with regret or because they feel forced. God loves someone who gives happily.
2 Corinthians 9:8 God can give you plenty of grace so that you always have enough for yourselves and can give plenty to every good cause.
2 Corinthians 9:9 It is written, "He has shared widely; he has given to the poor: his goodness lasts forever."
2 Corinthians 9:10 The one who provides seeds for the farmer also gives you bread to eat, will make your planted seeds grow, and will make your good deeds produce more.
2 Corinthians 9:11 Becoming rich in every way to give generously, leading us to thank God.
2 Corinthians 9:12 This service not only meets the needs of God's people, but also overflows with many thanks to God.
2 Corinthians 9:13 Through this service, they praise God because you follow Christ's teaching and because you freely share with them and everyone else.
2 Corinthians 9:14 They pray for you and deeply care because of the great grace God has given you.
2 Corinthians 9:15 Thank God for his amazing gift.

2 Corinthians 10:1 I, Paul, ask you kindly because of Christ's humility and gentleness. When with you I may seem weak, but when away I am bold with you.
2 Corinthians 10:2 I ask you, so that I don't have to be too confident and firm when I'm with you, like I plan to be with some people who believe we live by human standards.
2 Corinthians 10:3 Even though we live in human bodies, we do not fight with human strength.
2 Corinthians 10:4 Our fight's tools are not physical, but they are powerful through God to destroy strong barriers.
2 Corinthians 10:5 Throwing down ideas and every proud obstacle that rises against knowing God, and making every thought obey Christ.
2 Corinthians 10:6 Being ready to punish all disobedience when your obedience is complete.
2 Corinthians 10:7 Do you judge by how things look on the outside? If anyone is confident that they belong to Christ, they should remind themselves that just as they are Christ's, we are also Christ's.
2 Corinthians 10:8 Even if I were to talk more about our power, which God has given us to help you, not to hurt you, I would not be ashamed.
2 Corinthians 10:9 So it doesn't look like I'm trying to scare you with my letters.
2 Corinthians 10:10 People say his letters are strong and forceful, but in person he is unimpressive, and his speaking is not good.
2 Corinthians 10:11 Let someone think this: the way we are in our letters when not there, we will act the same when we are there.
2 Corinthians 10:12 We don't dare to count ourselves as one of those, or compare ourselves to those who praise themselves. But those who measure and compare themselves by their own standards are not wise.
2 Corinthians 10:13 We won't brag about things beyond our limits, but we will boast according to the limits of the work God assigned to us, which extends to you.
2 Corinthians 10:14 We don't stretch ourselves beyond our limits, as if we couldn't reach you. We have come to you too, to preach the good news about Christ.
2 Corinthians 10:15 We don't brag about work that isn't ours or what others have done. Instead, we hope that as your faith grows, we can do much more with you, as our role allows.
2 Corinthians 10:16 To spread the good news in places far beyond you, without bragging about work already done by others.
2 Corinthians 10:17 If someone wants to boast, they should boast about God.
2 Corinthians 10:18 It's not the one who praises himself who is approved, but the one whom God praises.

2 Corinthians 11:1 I wish you could put up with my foolishness just a bit; please do bear with me.
2 Corinthians 11:2 I am very protective of you with a pure jealousy: because I have promised you to one husband, so I can present you as a pure virgin to Christ.
2 Corinthians 11:3 I am worried that, just as the snake tricked Eve with its cleverness, your thoughts might be led away from the easy and pure understanding of Christ.
2 Corinthians 11:4 If someone comes to you and preaches a different Jesus, one we didn't teach about, or if you get a different spirit, one you haven't received, or a different good news, one you haven't accepted, you might put up with it.
2 Corinthians 11:5 I believe I was not at all inferior to the top apostles.
2 Corinthians 11:6 Even if I speak simply, it doesn't mean I lack knowledge; we have clearly shown you this in everything.
2 Corinthians 11:7 Did I do wrong by lowering myself so you could be lifted up, because I shared God's message with you for free?
2 Corinthians 11:8 I took support from other churches to serve you.
2 Corinthians 11:9 When I was with you and in need, I did not burden anyone. The friends who came from Macedonia gave me what I needed. I have done everything to not be a burden to you and will continue to do so.
2 Corinthians 11:10 Christ's truth is in me, no one will stop my boasting in Achaia.
2 Corinthians 11:11 Why? Is it because I don't love you? God knows.
2 Corinthians 11:12 I will keep doing what I am doing to prevent those looking for an opportunity from boasting; they should be seen just as we are.
2 Corinthians 11:13 These people are fake apostles and dishonest workers who pretend to be Christ's apostles.
2 Corinthians 11:14 Do not be surprised; for Satan himself pretends to be an angel of light.
2 Corinthians 11:15 So it's not surprising if his servants also disguise themselves as servants of what is right; their end will match their actions.
2 Corinthians 11:16 I'll say it again, don't think I'm a fool; but if you do, at least accept me as a fool so I can do a little bragging.
2 Corinthians 11:17 What I am saying, I do not say as God would want but rather, I speak foolishly, as if I am confident and proud.
2 Corinthians 11:18 Since many boast about physical achievements, I will boast too.
2 Corinthians 11:19 You put up with fools easily because you think you are wise.
2 Corinthians 11:20 You put up with it when someone enslaves you, when someone eats up your resources, when someone takes from you, when someone boasts above you, or when someone hits you in the face.
2 Corinthians 11:21 I talk about being shamed, like we were weak. But if anyone is confident—though it sounds silly—I am confident too.
2 Corinthians 11:22 Are they Hebrews? I am too. Are they Israelites? I am too. Are they descendants of Abraham? I am too.
2 Corinthians 11:23 Are they serving Christ? (I talk like a foolish person) I serve even more. I've worked harder, been whipped more, jailed more, and faced death often.
2 Corinthians 11:24 I was whipped with 39 lashes by the Jews five times.
2 Corinthians 11:25 I was beaten with rods three times, once I was stoned, three times I was shipwrecked, and I spent a night and a day in the ocean.
2 Corinthians 11:26 Often traveling, facing dangers from floods, robbers, my own people, foreigners, city dangers, wilderness risks, sea threats, and among those pretending to be friends.
2 Corinthians 11:27 Feeling tired and pain, staying awake a lot, being hungry and thirsty, fasting many times, feeling cold and without enough clothes.
2 Corinthians 11:28 Apart from outside matters, I face daily the concern for all the churches.
2 Corinthians 11:29 Who is weak without me feeling weak? Who is upset without me being angry?
2 Corinthians 11:30 If I must boast, I will boast about my weaknesses.
2 Corinthians 11:31 God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who is forever blessed, knows I am not lying.
2 Corinthians 11:32 In Damascus, the governor working for King Aretas guarded the city with soldiers because he wanted to arrest me.
2 Corinthians 11:33 Through a window in a basket, I was lowered down the wall and got away from him.

2 Corinthians 12:1 It's not really good for me to boast, but I will talk about visions and messages from God.
2 Corinthians 12:2 Fourteen years ago, I knew a man connected to Christ. I don't know if he was in his body or out of it, but God knows. He was taken up to the third heaven.
2 Corinthians 12:3 I knew a man, but I'm not sure if it was in the body or out of the body; only God knows.
2 Corinthians 12:4 He was taken up to paradise and heard words that cannot be spoken, which no one is allowed to say.
2 Corinthians 12:5 I will boast about someone like that, but I won't boast about myself, except about my weaknesses.
2 Corinthians 12:6 Even though I might want to boast, I won't be foolish, because I will speak the truth. But I hold back so no one will think more of me than what they see or hear about me.
2 Corinthians 12:7 So I wouldn't become too proud because of the great revelations, I was given a pain in my body, a messenger from Satan to beat me down, so I wouldn't become too proud.
2 Corinthians 12:8 I asked God three times to take it away from me.
2 Corinthians 12:9 He told me, "My kindness is enough for you: my power works best in weakness." So I will most happily take pride in my weaknesses, so that Christ's power can work on me.
2 Corinthians 12:10 So I am happy with weaknesses, insults, hard times, persecutions, and troubles for Christ; because when I am weak, then I am strong.
2 Corinthians 12:11 I have been foolish to boast, but you made me do it. You should have praised me because I am not less than the top apostles, even though I am nothing.
2 Corinthians 12:12 The true marks of an apostle were shown to you with great patience, and through signs, wonders, and powerful acts.
2 Corinthians 12:13 What way were you less than other churches, except that I was not a burden to you? Please forgive me for this.
2 Corinthians 12:14 Look, I am prepared to visit you for the third time, and I won't be a burden to you. I don't want your things, but I want you. Children shouldn't save up for their parents, but parents should save up for their children.
2 Corinthians 12:15 I will happily give everything for you, even if the more I love you, the less you love me.
2 Corinthians 12:16 Even though I did not burden you, I was clever and tricked you.
2 Corinthians 12:17 Did I profit from you through anyone I sent to you?
2 Corinthians 12:18 I asked Titus, and sent a friend with him. Did Titus take advantage of you? Didn't we act in the same way? Didn't we follow the same path?
2 Corinthians 12:19 Do you think we are making excuses to you? We are speaking in front of God as we are in Christ: but everything we do, dear friends, is to help you grow.
2 Corinthians 12:20 I'm worried that when I come, I may not find you as I wish, and I may be not as you wish. I'm concerned there might be arguments, jealousy, anger, conflicts, gossip, arrogance, and disorder.
2 Corinthians 12:21 So when I return, I hope my God does not make me sad in front of you because I may have to mourn for many who have sinned but not changed their ways, or stopped their impure and immoral acts.

2 Corinthians 13:1 I am coming to you for the third time. Every word must be proven true by two or three witnesses.
2 Corinthians 13:2 I warned you before, and now I'm warning you again as if I were there with you, even though I'm not with you now. I'm writing both to those who have sinned before and to everyone else. When I come back, I won't hold back.
2 Corinthians 13:3 Since you look for a sign that Christ speaks through me, he is not weak towards you but strong within you.
2 Corinthians 13:4 Even though he was killed because he was weak, he now lives by God's power. We too are weak as he was, but with him, we will live by God's power for you.
2 Corinthians 13:5 Check if you really have faith; test yourselves. Don't you realize that Jesus Christ is in you unless you fail the test?
2 Corinthians 13:6 But I hope you will understand that we are not failures.
2 Corinthians 13:7 I pray to God that you will not do wrong; not to show we are good, but so you do what is right, even if we seem to fail.
2 Corinthians 13:8 We can't act against the truth, only for it.
2 Corinthians 13:9 We are happy when we are weak and you are strong; we truly want you to be perfect.
2 Corinthians 13:10 So I write these things while I'm not with you, so that when I am with you, I won't have to be too strict, using the authority that God gave me to build up, not tear down.
2 Corinthians 13:11 Friends, goodbye. Aim to be flawless, be encouraged, agree with each other, live peacefully; and the God of love and peace will be with you.
2 Corinthians 13:12 Say hello to each other with a sacred kiss.
2 Corinthians 13:13 All the holy people send you greetings.
2 Corinthians 13:14 May the kindness of Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the sharing of the Holy Spirit, be with everyone. Amen.

Galatians 1:1 Paul, an apostle not chosen by people or through a person, but by Jesus Christ and God who brought him back from the dead.
Galatians 1:2 Me and all the friends here send greetings to the churches in Galatia.
Galatians 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God the Father and from our Lord Jesus Christ.
Galatians 1:4 He gave himself for our sins so he could save us from this evil world, as God our Father wanted.
Galatians 1:5 May glory be to God forever and ever. Amen.
Galatians 1:6 I am amazed that you are quickly turning away from God who called you by Christ's grace to a different good news.
Galatians 1:7 This is not really a different gospel, but some are troubling you, wanting to twist Christ's good news.
Galatians 1:8 Even if we or an angel from heaven tell you a different good news than what we already told you, that person should be considered cursed.
Galatians 1:9 I told you before, and I say it again, if anyone teaches a different message than what you received, they should be rejected.
Galatians 1:10 Am I now trying to win over people or God? Or am I trying to please people? If I were still trying to please people, I wouldn't be Christ's servant.
Galatians 1:11 I assure you, friends, that the good news I shared was not made by people.
Galatians 1:12 I did not get it from any person, nor was I taught it, but Jesus Christ revealed it to me.
Galatians 1:13 You have heard about how I lived long ago, following the Jewish religion, and how I persecuted God's church greatly and tried to destroy it.
Galatians 1:14 I advanced in the Jewish faith more than many peers in my country, being much more passionate about the traditions of my ancestors.
Galatians 1:15 But when God, who set me apart from birth and called me by his kindness,
Galatians 1:16 To show his Son through me, so I could tell about him to non-believers; I did not immediately consult with any person.
Galatians 1:17 I did not go to Jerusalem to see those who were apostles before me; instead, I went to Arabia and then came back to Damascus.
Galatians 1:18 Three years later, I went to Jerusalem to meet Peter and stayed with him for fifteen days.
Galatians 1:19 I did not see any other apostles, only James, the brother of the Lord.
Galatians 1:20 I am telling you the truth, I am not lying, and God knows this.
Galatians 1:21 Next, I went to the areas of Syria and Cilicia.
Galatians 1:22 The churches in Judea that belonged to Christ did not know me by face.
Galatians 1:23 They had only heard that the one who used to persecute us now preaches the faith he once tried to destroy.
Galatians 1:24 They praised God because of me.

Galatians 2:1 Fourteen years later, I went back to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and I also brought Titus with me.
Galatians 2:2 I went up because God showed me to do so, and I explained to them the good news I share with non-Jews, but only to those with high status, to avoid my efforts being useless.
Galatians 2:3 Titus, who was with me and is Greek, was not forced to be circumcised.
Galatians 2:4 This is because some fake friends were secretly brought in to check on the freedom we have in Jesus Christ, to try and make us slaves again.
Galatians 2:5 We did not submit to them, not even for a moment, so that the truth of the good news would remain with you.
Galatians 2:6 But those who seemed important—whatever they were, it doesn't matter to me; God does not show favoritism—did not add anything to my message.
Galatians 2:7 But on the other hand, when they realized that I was trusted with the message for the non-Jewish people, just as Peter was for the Jewish people;
Galatians 2:8 For the same power that worked in Peter to serve the Jews worked powerfully in me to serve the non-Jews.
Galatians 2:9 When James, Cephas, and John, who appeared to be leaders, saw the grace given to me, they offered me and Barnabas a welcoming handshake; agreeing that we'd go to the non-Jews and they to the Jews.
Galatians 2:10 They only asked us to remember the poor, which I was also eager to do.
Galatians 2:11 When Peter came to Antioch, I confronted him directly because he was wrong.
Galatians 2:12 Before some people came from James, Peter ate with non-Jews. But when they arrived, he pulled back and kept away because he was afraid of the group that insisted on circumcision.
Galatians 2:13 The other Jews also pretended like him; even Barnabas was led to join them in their pretense.
Galatians 2:14 When I saw they were not living right according to the gospel's truth, I told Peter in front of everyone, "If you, a Jew, live like the Gentiles and not like the Jews, why do you force the Gentiles to follow Jewish ways?"
Galatians 2:15 We who are born Jewish, and not Gentile sinners,
Galatians 2:16 Understanding that a person is not made right by following the law, but by believing in Jesus Christ, we too have put our faith in Jesus Christ so we can be made right by trusting in Christ, not by following the law, because no one will be made right by following the law.
Galatians 2:17 But if we try to be accepted by Christ and are still found as sinners, does that mean Christ supports sin? Definitely not.
Galatians 2:18 If I rebuild what I destroyed, I show that I was wrong.
Galatians 2:19 Through the law, I am as if dead to it, so that I might live for God.
Galatians 2:20 I am crucified with Christ: yet I live. It's not just me, but Christ lives in me. The life I now live in my body, I live by trusting in God's Son, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Galatians 2:21 I do not waste God's kindness: if following the law could make us right with God, then Christ died for no reason.

Galatians 3:1 Silly Galatians, who tricked you into not following the truth, when you clearly saw Jesus Christ shown as crucified before you?
Galatians 3:2 I want to know this from you: Did you receive the Spirit by following the law, or by believing what you heard?
Galatians 3:3 Are you so foolish? After starting with the Spirit, are you now trying to become perfect by human effort?
Galatians 3:4 Did you go through all this for nothing? If it was indeed for nothing.
Galatians 3:5 So, the one who gives you the Spirit and does miracles among you, does he do it because you follow the law, or because you believe what you heard?
Galatians 3:6 Abraham trusted God, and it was considered as righteousness for him.
Galatians 3:7 Understand then that those who have faith are Abraham's children.
Galatians 3:8 The Bible, knowing that God would accept non-Jews because of their faith, told Abraham the good news in advance: "All peoples will be blessed through you."
Galatians 3:9 So those who have faith are blessed together with Abraham, who was faithful.
Galatians 3:10 Everyone who relies on following the law is under a curse, because it is said, "Cursed is anyone who does not keep doing everything written in the law."
Galatians 3:11 It's clear that no one can be seen as right by God just by following the law, for a person who is right will live by faith.
Galatians 3:12 The law does not depend on faith; rather, a person who follows the rules will have life by them.
Galatians 3:13 Christ has saved us from the law's curse by becoming a curse for us, because it is written, "Everyone who hangs on a tree is cursed."
Galatians 3:14 So Abraham's blessing could come to people of all nations through Jesus Christ; and so we could receive what the Spirit promised by believing.
Galatians 3:15 Friends, I'm speaking in human terms; even with a human agreement, once it's been made official, no one cancels or adds to it.
Galatians 3:16 God made promises to Abraham and his one descendant, who is Christ, not to many descendants.
Galatians 3:17 I tell you this: the agreement God made in Christ long ago cannot be canceled by the law that came 430 years later. It cannot erase the promise.
Galatians 3:18 If the inheritance comes from the law, it is not based on a promise; but God gave it to Abraham through a promise.
Galatians 3:19 Why then do we have the law? It was put in place for when people do wrong, until the one promised would come; and it was set up by God through messengers with a go-between.
Galatians 3:20 A go-between does not just represent one person, but God is one.
Galatians 3:21 Is the law against God's promises? No way: because if there were a law that could give life, then being right with God would truly come from the law.
Galatians 3:22 The Bible has shown everyone is under sin, so that the promise could be given through faith in Jesus Christ to those who believe.
Galatians 3:23 Before we had faith, we were guarded by the law, locked up until the faith that was to be revealed later.
Galatians 3:24 The law was our teacher to lead us to Christ, so that we could be made right with God by trusting in Him.
Galatians 3:25 After faith arrives, we are no longer under a teacher.
Galatians 3:26 You are all God's children through faith in Christ Jesus.
Galatians 3:27 All of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ.
Galatians 3:28 In Christ Jesus, everyone is the same—no Jew or Greek, no slave or free person, no male or female.
Galatians 3:29 If you belong to Christ, then you are descendants of Abraham and will inherit what was promised.

Galatians 4:1 I tell you, an heir is no different from a servant while he is still a child, even if he owns everything.
Galatians 4:2 But is under teachers and managers until the time set by the father.
Galatians 4:3 Just like that, when we were young, we were trapped under the world's basic rules.
Galatians 4:4 When the right time came, God sent his Son, born of a woman, born under the law.
Galatians 4:5 To free those who were under the law, so that we might be accepted as God's children.
Galatians 4:6 Because you are children, God has sent the spirit of his Son into your hearts, calling out, "Daddy, Father."
Galatians 4:7 So you are not a servant any longer, but a son; and if a son, then God's heir through Christ.
Galatians 4:8 But back then, when you didn't know God, you worshiped things that are not really gods.
Galatians 4:9 But now, knowing God, or actually being known by God, why do you go back to the weak and poor basic things you want to be slaves to again?
Galatians 4:10 You keep track of days, months, seasons, and years.
Galatians 4:11 I am worried about you, in case my hard work for you was for nothing.
Galatians 4:12 Friends, I urge you, be like me, because I am like you: you have done me no wrong.
Galatians 4:13 You know that despite my physical weakness, I first shared the good news with you.
Galatians 4:14 You did not look down on or turn away from my physical illness. Instead, you welcomed me as if I were an angel of God, just like Jesus Christ.
Galatians 4:15 Where is the happiness you talked about? I know that if you could, you would have given me your own eyes.
Galatians 4:16 Have I become your enemy by telling you the truth?
Galatians 4:17 They are eagerly trying to influence you, but not in a good way; indeed, they want to shut you out so that you will try to win their approval.
Galatians 4:18 It is good to always be energetically supportive of a good cause, not just when I am with you.
Galatians 4:19 My dear children, I am working hard for you again, like a mother giving birth, until you truly become like Christ.
Galatians 4:20 I want to be with you now and change how I speak because I'm unsure about you.
Galatians 4:21 Ask yourselves, you who want to follow the law, don't you listen to what the law says?
Galatians 4:22 It is written that Abraham had two sons, one with a slave woman and the other with a free woman.
Galatians 4:23 The child of the slave woman was born in the ordinary way, but the child of the free woman was born because of God's promise.
Galatians 4:24 These things represent two agreements; one from Mount Sinai, leading to slavery, which is Hagar.
Galatians 4:25 This Hagar represents Mount Sinai in Arabia and corresponds to the current Jerusalem, for she and her children live in slavery.
Galatians 4:26 Jerusalem above is free and is our mother.
Galatians 4:27 It is written, "Celebrate, you who cannot have children; shout out loud, you who do not go through labor pain, because the woman who is alone will have many more children than the woman with a husband."
Galatians 4:28 We, brothers and sisters, are like Isaac, children of God's promise.
Galatians 4:29 But like before, the person born in a normal human way made life hard for the person born with God's Spirit, and it's still like that now.
Galatians 4:30 What does the scripture say? Send away the slave woman and her child, because the slave woman's child will not share the inheritance with the free woman's child.
Galatians 4:31 So, friends, we are not the children of a slave woman, but of the free woman.

Galatians 5:1 Stay strong in the freedom that Christ has given us, and don't get tied up again in slavery.
Galatians 5:2 Listen, I, Paul, tell you that if you get circumcised, Christ will be of no benefit to you.
Galatians 5:3 I tell every circumcised man that he must follow the entire law.
Galatians 5:4 Christ no longer benefits you, whoever of you try to be right with God by the law; you have lost God's favor.
Galatians 5:5 We wait for the hope of being right with God through faith with the Spirit's help.
Galatians 5:6 In Jesus Christ, neither being circumcised nor not being circumcised matters, but having faith that shows itself through love does.
Galatians 5:7 You were running well; who stopped you from following the truth?
Galatians 5:8 This belief does not come from God who calls you.
Galatians 5:9 A small amount of yeast spreads through all the dough.
Galatians 5:10 I trust you in God to think the same. But anyone who causes you trouble will face their own punishment.
Galatians 5:11 And friends, if I still tell people to be circumcised, why am I still being persecuted? Then the problem with the cross would be gone.
Galatians 5:12 I wish those upsetting you were gone.
Galatians 5:13 Friends, you are called to be free; but do not use your freedom to indulge selfish desires, instead serve each other with love.
Galatians 5:14 All the law is summed up in one command: Love your neighbor as yourself.
Galatians 5:15 If you hurt and attack each other, be careful that you don't destroy each other.
Galatians 5:16 I say this: Live by the Spirit, and you will not satisfy the desires of the body.
Galatians 5:17 The body has desires against the Spirit, and the Spirit has desires against the body. They are opposed to each other, so you cannot do what you want.
Galatians 5:18 But if the Spirit leads you, you are not bound by the law.
Galatians 5:19 The actions that come from our human nature are clear. They are: being unfaithful in marriage, having sex without being married, being impure, and wanting forbidden pleasures.
Galatians 5:20 Worshiping idols, using magic, hating, fighting, wanting to be better than others, anger, arguing, dividing people, and wrong beliefs,
Galatians 5:21 Jealousy, killings, getting drunk, wild parties, and things like these: I warn you now, as I did before, that people who do such things will not receive God's kingdom.
Galatians 5:22 The Spirit's fruit is love, happiness, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, and faith.
Galatians 5:23 Gentleness, self-control: there is no law against these things.
Galatians 5:24 Those who belong to Christ have put to death their human desires and wants.
Galatians 5:25 If we live by the Spirit, let's also follow the Spirit's lead.
Galatians 5:26 Let's not seek empty praise, causing each other trouble or being jealous of each other.

Galatians 6:1 Brothers, if someone makes a mistake, those of you who are spiritual should help them with gentleness. Think about yourself, so you are not tempted too.
Galatians 6:2 Help each other with your troubles, and in this way, you obey the law of Christ.
Galatians 6:3 If someone thinks they are important when they are not, they are fooling themselves.
Galatians 6:4 Let everyone test their own actions, then they can take pride in themselves without comparing to someone else.
Galatians 6:5 Each person must carry their own load.
Galatians 6:6 Let the person who learns from the teachings share with their teacher in every good way.
Galatians 6:7 Don't be fooled; no one can mock God: whatever a person plants, that's what they will harvest.
Galatians 6:8 Whoever plants for selfish reasons will harvest ruin, but whoever plants for the Spirit will harvest eternal life.
Galatians 6:9 Let's not get tired of doing good, because at the right time we will get a reward if we don't give up.
Galatians 6:10 Whenever we can, we should help everyone, especially those who share our faith.
Galatians 6:11 You see how big a letter I have written to you with my own hand.
Galatians 6:12 Many people want to look good outwardly, so they pressure you to get circumcised, just to avoid being persecuted for following Christ's teachings.
Galatians 6:13 Those who are circumcised don't follow the law; they just want you to be circumcised so they can boast about what they did to you.
Galatians 6:14 I would never boast except about the cross of Jesus Christ, which makes the world dead to me and me dead to the world.
Galatians 6:15 In Christ Jesus, being circumcised or not doesn't matter, but being a new person does.
Galatians 6:16 Everyone who follows this rule will have peace and mercy, as will all of God's people.
Galatians 6:17 From now on let no one cause me trouble, because I have the scars of Jesus on my body.
Galatians 6:18 Friends, may the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.

Ephesians 1:1 Paul, sent by God to be an apostle of Jesus Christ, writes to God's holy people in Ephesus and to all who are faithful to Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 1:2 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 1:3 God is great, the God and Father of Jesus Christ, who has given us every spiritual gift in heaven through Christ.
Ephesians 1:4 God chose us in him before the world was made, so that we would be holy and without fault before him in love.
Ephesians 1:5 God planned for us to be his children through Jesus Christ, as he wanted.
Ephesians 1:6 To honor the greatness of his kindness, he made us welcomed through his love.
Ephesians 1:7 In him, we are set free by his blood, our sins forgiven, because of his great kindness.
Ephesians 1:8 He has given us a lot of wisdom and understanding.
Ephesians 1:9 God revealed to us the secret of what he wants to do, which he decided by himself because it made him happy.
Ephesians 1:10 In the time when everything is complete, he plans to unite all things in Christ, both in heaven and on earth, in him.
Ephesians 1:11 In him, we also received an inheritance, because we were chosen as part of his plan who makes all things happen according to his own will.
Ephesians 1:12 We are meant to bring praise to his glory because we were the first to hope in Christ.
Ephesians 1:13 In whom you also trusted, after you heard the true word, the good news of your salvation: in whom also after you believed, you were marked with the promised Holy Spirit.
Ephesians 1:14 It is the deposit guaranteeing our inheritance until God redeems what was bought, to the praise of his glory.
Ephesians 1:15 Because I too, when I heard about your belief in Jesus and your love for all of God's people,
Ephesians 1:16 I always give thanks for you and remember you in my prayers.
Ephesians 1:17 May the God of Jesus Christ, the glorious Father, give you a spirit of wisdom and understanding to know him better.
Ephesians 1:18 May your mind's eye be opened, so you can understand the hope God calls you to, and how great his glorious inheritance is among the holy people.
Ephesians 1:19 God's power for us who believe is very great, just like the mighty strength he has shown.
Ephesians 1:20 God showed this power in Christ when he raised him from the dead and placed him at his right side in heaven.
Ephesians 1:21 High above all rulers, authorities, strength, and lords, and every name known, not only in this world but also in the future one:
Ephesians 1:22 God has placed everything under his control and made him the leader of everything for the church.
Ephesians 1:23 This is his body, which is the complete presence of the one who fills everything completely.

Ephesians 2:1 God made you alive even when you were dead because of your wrong actions and sins.
Ephesians 2:2 Before, you lived as the world does, following the ruler of the earthly realm, the spirit that is active in those who disobey.
Ephesians 2:3 We all once lived following our human desires, doing what our bodies and minds wanted. By nature, we were destined to face anger just like everyone else.
Ephesians 2:4 God, rich in mercy, because of his great love for us,
Ephesians 2:5 Even when we were dead in our wrongdoings, God made us alive with Christ, (because of kindness you are saved).
Ephesians 2:6 God raised us up with Christ and seated us together in heaven with Jesus.
Ephesians 2:7 In future times, he could show us the great wealth of his kindness through Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 2:8 You are saved by God's kindness through faith. This is not from yourselves; it's God's gift.
Ephesians 2:9 Not from what we do, so no one can brag.
Ephesians 2:10 We are what God has made us, created in Jesus to do good things, which God planned for us to do.
Ephesians 2:11 Remember that you were once non-Jews in the body, called 'Uncircumcised' by those called 'Circumcised,' which is done in the body by hand.
Ephesians 2:12 At that time, you were without Christ, outsiders to Israel's citizenship, unfamiliar with the promises' agreements, without hope, and without God in the world.
Ephesians 2:13 Now in Christ Jesus, you who were once far away have been brought close by Christ's blood.
Ephesians 2:14 He is our peace, who made both groups one and tore down the dividing wall between us.
Ephesians 2:15 He ended the hostility with his own body, by ending the law with its rules. This was to create in himself one new humanity from two, making peace.
Ephesians 2:16 He aimed to bring both together in one body to God through the cross, by putting an end to their hostility that way.
Ephesians 2:17 He came and told you far away and those close about peace.
Ephesians 2:18 Through him, we both reach the Father by one Spirit.
Ephesians 2:19 So now you are not strangers or outsiders, but you are citizens together with God's people and members of God's family.
Ephesians 2:20 You are built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Jesus Christ as the most important cornerstone.
Ephesians 2:21 Everyone in the building is joined together and grows into a holy temple for God.
Ephesians 2:22 In whom you also are built together to be a home for God by the Spirit.

Ephesians 3:1 Because of this, I Paul, imprisoned for serving Jesus Christ, am writing to you non-Jews.
Ephesians 3:2 If you know about the special role God's kindness has given me for your benefit:
Ephesians 3:3 He revealed the secret to me; as I briefly wrote before.
Ephesians 3:4 When you read this, you can understand my insight into the secret of Christ.
Ephesians 3:5 In other times, this was not shown to people as it has now been made clear to his special messengers and prophets by the Spirit.
Ephesians 3:6 That non-Jewish people should also inherit, belong to the same group, and share in God's promise through Christ by the good news.
Ephesians 3:7 I became a servant because God gave me this gift by his power at work within me.
Ephesians 3:8 God gave me, the least of all God's people, the grace to tell the non-Jews about the endless wealth that comes from Christ.
Ephesians 3:9 To help everyone understand the shared secret that has been hidden in God since the world started, the God who made everything through Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 3:10 The purpose is for the rulers and authorities in the heavens to learn about God’s many-sided wisdom through the church.
Ephesians 3:11 God made an everlasting plan which he fulfilled through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Ephesians 3:12 In him we are brave and can come close with confidence because of his faith.
Ephesians 3:13 I want you not to lose heart because of my struggles for you, which are for your honor.
Ephesians 3:14 For this reason, I kneel before the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 3:15 The whole family in heaven and on earth gets its name from God.
Ephesians 3:16 He asks God, with all His greatness, to make you strong inside by His Spirit.
Ephesians 3:17 May Christ live in your hearts through faith; and may you grow strong in love.
Ephesians 3:18 May understand with all God's people how wide, long, deep, and high it is.
Ephesians 3:19 To understand Christ's love, which is beyond knowledge, so that you may be completely filled with God.
Ephesians 3:20 To the one who can do much more than all we ask or imagine, according to the power working within us,
Ephesians 3:21 May God receive glory in the church through Jesus Christ for all time, forever. Amen.

Ephesians 4:1 So I, a prisoner for God, ask you to live a life that reflects the calling you have received.
Ephesians 4:2 With complete humility and gentleness, with patience, tolerating each other in love;
Ephesians 4:3 Trying to maintain the unity of the Spirit through the bond of peace.
Ephesians 4:4 There is one body and one spirit, just as you are called to one hope when you were called.
Ephesians 4:5 One God, one belief, one baptism.
Ephesians 4:6 There is one God, the Father of everyone, who is over all, works through all, and lives in all of you.
Ephesians 4:7 Each of us is given kindness by God as much as Christ has decided.
Ephesians 4:8 So he says, when he went up to the high place, he took prisoners and gave gifts to people.
Ephesians 4:9 He went up, but before that, he went down to the lower parts of the earth.
Ephesians 4:10 The one who came down is also the one who went up, way above all the skies, so he could be in everything.
Ephesians 4:11 He gave some to be apostles, others prophets, others evangelists, and others to be pastors and teachers.
Ephesians 4:12 To improve God's people, for serving work, for building up Christ's group:
Ephesians 4:13 Until we all reach unity in faith and understanding of God's Son, becoming mature, achieving the full standard of Christ.
Ephesians 4:14 We should no longer be like children, pushed around by every new teaching from deceitful people who are experts at tricking others.
Ephesians 4:15 Tell the truth with love, and grow in every way to become like Christ, who is the leader.
Ephesians 4:16 The whole body is closely joined and united by every supporting joint, and each part does its work, making the body grow and build itself up with love.
Ephesians 4:17 I say this and confirm it: from now on, don't live like the other non-Jews who follow their empty thoughts.
Ephesians 4:18 Their understanding is clouded, and they are cut off from God's life because they don't know any better and their hearts are blind.
Ephesians 4:19 They no longer feel guilty and have let themselves do indecent things, wanting more and more.
Ephesians 4:20 You have not learned about Christ in this way;
Ephesians 4:21 If you have heard Jesus and were taught by him, because truth is in Jesus.
Ephesians 4:22 Stop living the old way of life, which is ruined by seeking dishonest pleasures.
Ephesians 4:23 Let your mind's attitude become fresh and new.
Ephesians 4:24 Wear your new self, made like God in true goodness and holiness.
Ephesians 4:25 So stop lying and always tell the truth to each other, because we are all part of the same group.
Ephesians 4:26 Get angry, but don't sin. Don't let the sun set while you are still angry.
Ephesians 4:27 Do not let the devil have a way in.
Ephesians 4:28 If someone has been stealing, they should stop. Instead, they should work hard and do good things with their hands, so they can share with others who are in need.
Ephesians 4:29 Don't let any bad words come out of your mouth, but only good words that help others become stronger, so that it can bring kindness to those who listen.
Ephesians 4:30 Do not make God's Holy Spirit sad, for He has marked you for the day of being saved.
Ephesians 4:31 Get rid of all bitterness, rage, anger, shouting, and mean talk, along with all spitefulness.
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind to each other, be gentle, and forgive each other, just as God has forgiven you because of Christ.

Ephesians 5:1 So be like God, as beloved children.
Ephesians 5:2 Live in love, just as Christ loved us and gave himself for us, as a gift and sacrifice to God that is like a pleasing aroma.
Ephesians 5:3 Avoid sexual immorality, all impurity, or greed; don't even mention these things among you, as is proper for God's holy people.
Ephesians 5:4 Avoid dirty talk, silly words, or jokes that are not appropriate, but instead, give thanks.
Ephesians 5:5 You know that no one who sleeps around, is unclean, or is greedy—which is worshiping wealth—has a place in Christ and God's kingdom.
Ephesians 5:6 Do not let anyone trick you with empty words, because God's anger comes on those who disobey because of these things.
Ephesians 5:7 So do not join in with them.
Ephesians 5:8 You were once in darkness, but now you are in the light with God: live as children of light.
Ephesians 5:9 The Spirit's fruit is goodness, righteousness, and truth.
Ephesians 5:10 Showing what pleases God.
Ephesians 5:11 Do not join in the useless deeds of darkness, but instead correct them.
Ephesians 5:12 It is embarrassing even to talk about the things they do secretly.
Ephesians 5:13 Everything that is shown to be wrong is revealed by the light, because anything that reveals is light.
Ephesians 5:14 So he says, "Wake up, sleeper, get up from the dead, and Christ will shine on you."
Ephesians 5:15 Make sure you live carefully, not like foolish people, but like wise ones.
Ephesians 5:16 Use time wisely, because these are bad days.
Ephesians 5:17 So don't be foolish, but understand what God wants.
Ephesians 5:18 Do not get drunk on wine, which leads to bad behavior; instead, be filled with the Spirit.
Ephesians 5:19 Talk to each other with psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs, sing and make music in your heart to God.
Ephesians 5:20 Always give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 5:21 Respect each other because you respect God.
Ephesians 5:22 Wives, follow your own husbands, just as you do God.
Ephesians 5:23 The husband is the leader of the wife, just as Christ is the leader of the church; and he is the one who saves it.
Ephesians 5:24 So as the church obeys Christ, wives should also obey their husbands in everything.
Ephesians 5:25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the people of the church and gave himself up for them.
Ephesians 5:26 So he could make it holy and clean it by washing it with water and with the word.
Ephesians 5:27 He wanted to make the church glorious for himself, without any spots, wrinkles, or anything like that; it should be holy and perfect.
Ephesians 5:28 Men should love their wives as they love their own bodies. Someone who loves his wife loves himself.
Ephesians 5:29 No one ever hates their own body; instead, they feed and care for it, just like God does for the church.
Ephesians 5:30 We are parts of his body, his flesh, and his bones.
Ephesians 5:31 For this reason, a man will leave his parents and unite with his wife, and they will become one body.
Ephesians 5:32 This is a big mystery, but I am talking about Christ and the church.
Ephesians 5:33 Each of you should love your wife as yourself, and every wife should respect her husband.

Ephesians 6:1 Kids, listen to your parents because it is the right thing to do.
Ephesians 6:2 Respect your father and mother; this is the first commandment that comes with a promise.
Ephesians 6:3 So things go well for you, and you may live a long time on the earth.
Ephesians 6:4 Parents, do not make your children angry, but raise them with care and teach them the ways of God.
Ephesians 6:5 Workers, obey your earthly bosses with respect and sincerity, as if you were serving Christ.
Ephesians 6:6 Do your work not just when being watched, to impress people, but as followers of Christ, do what God wants from the heart.
Ephesians 6:7 Serve with a good attitude, as if working for God, not people.
Ephesians 6:8 Understanding that whatever good thing someone does, they will get the same from God, whether they are a slave or free.
Ephesians 6:9 Bosses, treat your workers well and don't threaten them, knowing that you both have the same Master in heaven, and He treats everyone equally.
Ephesians 6:10 Friends, be strong in God and in His mighty power.
Ephesians 6:11 Wear all of God's armor so you can stand against the devil's tricks.
Ephesians 6:12 We are not fighting against people, but against authorities, against forces, against world leaders of darkness, and against evil spirits in heavenly places.
Ephesians 6:13 So, put on all of God's armor to be strong against evil, and after you have done everything, to keep standing.
Ephesians 6:14 So stand firm, with truth like a belt around your waist, and wearing righteousness as a chest armor.
Ephesians 6:15 Wear on your feet what will help you spread the good news of peace.
Ephesians 6:16 Above all, use the shield of belief to stop all the burning arrows of the evil one.
Ephesians 6:17 Wear the helmet of being saved, and use the sword of the Spirit, which is God's message.
Ephesians 6:18 Always pray with all kinds of prayers and requests in the Spirit, and stay alert with all perseverance and requests for all God's people.
Ephesians 6:19 Please help me speak boldly and clearly to explain the gospel's secret.
Ephesians 6:20 I am God's ambassador, even though I am in chains. I pray to speak bravely, as I should.
Ephesians 6:21 So you can know about my situation and how I'm doing, Tychicus, a dear brother and loyal servant, will tell you everything.
Ephesians 6:22 I sent him to you for this reason: so you can know about us and he can cheer you up.
Ephesians 6:23 May the brothers have peace and love with faith from God the Father and Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 6:24 May grace be with everyone who truly loves our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Philippians 1:1 Paul and Timothy, who serve Jesus Christ, send greetings to all God's holy people in Philippi, along with the overseers and helpers.
Philippians 1:2 May grace and peace be with you from God our Father and from Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:3 I thank God every time I remember you.
Philippians 1:4 I always pray for all of you with joy in every one of my prayers.
Philippians 1:5 For sharing in the good news from the beginning until now;
Philippians 1:6 I am sure that God, who started a good work in you, will keep going until it is finished when Jesus Christ comes.
Philippians 1:7 It is right for me to feel this way about all of you, because I hold you in my heart. You all share in God's grace with me, whether I'm in prison or defending and confirming the good news.
Philippians 1:8 God knows how much I deeply miss all of you with the love of Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:9 I pray that your love grows more and more, along with your knowledge and insight.
Philippians 1:10 You should choose what is best so that you may be true and blameless until the day of Christ.
Philippians 1:11 Being filled with good things that come from doing right, which are through Jesus Christ, for the glory and praise of God.
Philippians 1:12 I want you to know, friends, that what has happened to me has really helped spread the good news.
Philippians 1:13 So that everyone in the palace and everywhere else knows that I am in chains for Christ.
Philippians 1:14 Many believers in God, seeing my imprisonment, are now much braver to talk about God's message fearlessly.
Philippians 1:15 Some people spread the message about Christ because they are jealous and like to argue; but others do it with good intentions.
Philippians 1:16 Some preach about Christ with bad intentions, not honestly, thinking they will make my imprisonment harder.
Philippians 1:17 But the other preaches out of love, knowing that I stand to defend the gospel.
Philippians 1:18 So what? In every way, whether fake or real, Christ is talked about; and I'm happy about this, yes, and I'll keep being happy.
Philippians 1:19 I know that this will lead to my rescue because of your prayers and Jesus Christ's Spirit's help.
Philippians 1:20 I really hope and expect that I won't be ashamed in any way. I want to be very brave now as I always have been, and have Christ honored in my body, whether I live or die.
Philippians 1:21 For me, living means following Christ, and dying is a benefit.
Philippians 1:22 If I continue living in my body, this means I can keep working. But I do not know what I should choose.
Philippians 1:23 I am torn between two choices: wanting to leave and be with Christ, which is much better.
Philippians 1:24 Staying alive is more important for your sake.
Philippians 1:25 Because I am sure of this, I know that I will stay and be with all of you to help your faith grow and to share joy in believing.
Philippians 1:26 I want you to be happier about Jesus Christ because of my visit to you again.
Philippians 1:27 Make sure you live in a way that fits with the good news about Christ. This way, whether I visit you or I'm away, I can hear about you. I want to know that you are standing strong together with one purpose, working as a team for the faith the good news brings.
Philippians 1:28 Don't be scared of your enemies at all: to them it's a clear sign they'll be ruined, but for you it means being saved, which comes from God.
Philippians 1:29 God has granted you the gift not only to believe in Christ but also to endure hardship for him.
Philippians 1:30 You are facing the same struggle that you saw I had, and now you hear that I still have.

Philippians 2:1 So, if there is any comfort from being united with Christ, if any love brings comfort, if we share in the Spirit, if there is any warmth and kindness,
Philippians 2:2 Make my joy complete by agreeing with each other, sharing the same love, and being united in thoughts and purpose.
Philippians 2:3 Do nothing out of fighting or empty pride; instead, with humble minds, value others more than yourselves.
Philippians 2:4 Don't just look out for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.
Philippians 2:5 Have the same mindset as Jesus Christ did.
Philippians 2:6 Even though he was like God, he did not see being equal with God as something to hold onto.
Philippians 2:7 He made himself humble, became a servant, and was born as a human.
Philippians 2:8 Being found as a man, he became humble and obeyed to the point of death, even dying on a cross.
Philippians 2:9 So God has lifted him high and given him a name greater than any other name.
Philippians 2:10 Everyone should kneel to honor Jesus' name - those in heaven, on earth, and under the earth.
Philippians 2:11 Everyone should agree that Jesus Christ is the Lord to honor God the Father.
Philippians 2:12 So, my dear friends, just as you have always followed, not only when I am with you but even more now that I'm not, keep working on your own rescue with respect and care.
Philippians 2:13 God is the one who makes you want to do and actually do what pleases Him.
Philippians 2:14 Do everything without complaining or arguing.
Philippians 2:15 So that you may be pure and good, children of God, without fault, in a wicked and twisted world, where you shine like stars.
Philippians 2:16 Offering the message of life; so I can be joyful when Christ comes, knowing my efforts were not wasted.
Philippians 2:17 Yes, and if I am like a drink offering on the offering and service of your faith, I am happy and share joy with all of you.
Philippians 2:18 For this reason, you too be glad and share my joy.
Philippians 2:19 I hope Jesus will let me send Timothy to you soon, so I can feel better after learning how you are doing.
Philippians 2:20 I have no one else who truly cares for your well-being.
Philippians 2:21 Everyone looks out for their own interests, not those of Jesus Christ.
Philippians 2:22 You know how he has shown himself, like a son with his father, working with me to spread the good news.
Philippians 2:23 So I plan to send him to you soon, once I know what will happen with me.
Philippians 2:24 I trust in God that I will also come soon.
Philippians 2:25 I thought it was important to send Epaphroditus to you – my brother, coworker, and fellow soldier – who is also your messenger and has helped me with my needs.
Philippians 2:26 He really missed you all and was very worried because you heard he was ill.
Philippians 2:27 He was really sick, almost dying, but God showed mercy on him; not just on him, but on me too, so I wouldn't have even more sadness.
Philippians 2:28 I sent him with extra care so that when you see him again, you can be happy and I can be less sad.
Philippians 2:29 Welcome him in the name of God with joy; and respect such people.
Philippians 2:30 He was near death because of his work for Christ, risking his life to help me when you could not.

Philippians 3:1 Friends, be happy in God. Writing the same things to you is not hard for me and it keeps you safe.
Philippians 3:2 Be careful of dogs, be careful of bad people, be careful of those who cut the body.
Philippians 3:3 We are the people who serve God with our hearts, find joy in Jesus, and do not trust in our own power.
Philippians 3:4 I could also trust in human ability. If anyone else thinks they can trust in human ability, I have even more reason to:
Philippians 3:5 Circumcised on the eighth day, from Israel's people, from the tribe of Benjamin, a Hebrew born from Hebrews; and concerning the law, a Pharisee.
Philippians 3:6 Eager to defend my beliefs, I attacked the church; but following the law's rules, I was faultless.
Philippians 3:7 The things that were valuable to me, I now consider worthless because of Christ.
Philippians 3:8 Yes, I consider everything a loss compared to the great value of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. For him, I've lost all things and see them as trash, so that I can have Christ.
Philippians 3:9 Be in unity with him, not with my own goodness from following the law, but with the goodness that comes through faith in Christ, the goodness from God that relies on faith.
Philippians 3:10 So I can know him, the power of his rising again, sharing in his sufferings, and becoming like him in his death.
Philippians 3:11 I hope somehow to be raised to life after death.
Philippians 3:12 It's not like I've already succeeded or am already perfect, but I keep trying to reach what Jesus Christ chose me for.
Philippians 3:13 Friends, I don't consider that I have fully understood everything. But I do one thing: I forget what is behind and strive for what is ahead.
Philippians 3:14 I strive for the goal to win the prize that God calls us to through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:15 Let's think this way, those of us who are mature. And if you think differently about something, God will make that clear to you.
Philippians 3:16 Let's follow the same rules and think the same way for what we've already achieved.
Philippians 3:17 Friends, follow my example together, and notice those who live as you have us as a model.
Philippians 3:18 Many people live in a way I often warned you about, and now I say it crying, they are against Christ's cross.
Philippians 3:19 Their end is ruin, their god is their appetite, they take pride in what should bring shame, and they focus on worldly things.
Philippians 3:20 Our citizenship is in heaven, and from there we eagerly await our Savior, Jesus Christ.
Philippians 3:21 Who will transform our lowly body to be like his glorious body, using his power to bring everything under his control.

Philippians 4:1 So, my dear and cherished friends, whom I miss, my happiness and reward, stay true to God, my dear ones.
Philippians 4:2 I ask Euodias, and I ask Syntyche, to agree with each other in God.
Philippians 4:3 I ask you too, faithful partner, help the women who worked with me in sharing the good news, along with Clement and my other coworkers whose names are in the book of life.
Philippians 4:4 Be happy in God always, and I say again, be happy.
Philippians 4:5 Let everyone see that you are considerate. God is near.
Philippians 4:6 Don't worry about anything; instead, with thankful prayers, tell God what you need.
Philippians 4:7 God's peace, beyond all we can understand, will guard your hearts and thoughts in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:8 Friends, think about things that are true, honest, fair, pure, beautiful, and well-spoken of. If anything is good and deserves praise, focus on these things.
Philippians 4:9 Do what you have learned, received, heard, and seen from me, and God, who brings peace, will be with you.
Philippians 4:10 I was very happy in God because you could finally show your care for me again; you wanted to before but didn't have the chance.
Philippians 4:11 I'm not saying this because I need anything; I have learned to be happy with whatever I have.
Philippians 4:12 I know how to live with little, and I know how to live with a lot: in every situation I have learned to be satisfied and to be hungry, to have plenty and to need things.
Philippians 4:13 I can do everything with the help of Christ who gives me strength.
Philippians 4:14 You did well to help me in my trouble.
Philippians 4:15 You Philippians remember that when I first started spreading the good news and left Macedonia, no church helped me with gifts except for you.
Philippians 4:16 You helped me with my needs in Thessalonica more than once.
Philippians 4:17 I don't want a gift; I want you to have benefits that grow for you.
Philippians 4:18 I have everything I need and more. I am satisfied because I received from Epaphroditus what you sent – a sweet-smelling offering, a sacrifice pleasing to God.
Philippians 4:19 My God will meet all your needs with the wealth of his glory in Jesus Christ.
Philippians 4:20 Let God, our Father, have glory forever and ever. Amen.
Philippians 4:21 Greet every holy person in Jesus Christ. My fellow believers with me send their greetings to you.
Philippians 4:22 All God's holy people send greetings, especially those from Caesar's family.
Philippians 4:23 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with all of you. Amen.

Colossians 1:1 Paul, sent by Jesus Christ because God wanted it, and Timothy our brother,
Colossians 1:2 To God's holy and loyal followers in Christ who are in Colosse: May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
Colossians 1:3 We thank God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, always praying for you.
Colossians 1:4 We heard about your faith in Jesus and your love for all God's people.
Colossians 1:5 You have hope stored for you in heaven, which you learned about before through the true message of the good news.
Colossians 1:6 It has come to you, as it has to the whole world, and it is producing results, just as it has been in you since the day you heard about it and understood God's true kindness.
Colossians 1:7 You also learned from Epaphras, our dear coworker, who serves you faithfully as a minister of Christ.
Colossians 1:8 They also told us about your love through the Spirit.
Colossians 1:9 Because of this, since the day we learned about it, we keep praying for you. We hope that you will fully understand God's will and gain all wisdom and spiritual insight.
Colossians 1:10 Live a life worthy of God, doing good at every chance, and growing in understanding of God.
Colossians 1:11 Filled with all strength, given by God's glorious power, to be completely patient and able to endure, with joy.
Colossians 1:12 Thanking God, who has prepared us to share in the inheritance of the holy people in the light:
Colossians 1:13 God saved us from darkness and brought us into the kingdom of his beloved Son.
Colossians 1:14 In him, we are set free by his blood, and our sins are forgiven.
Colossians 1:15 He is the image of the unseen God, the first of all creation.
Colossians 1:16 Through him, all things were made in heaven and on earth, seen and unseen, including rulers and authorities. All things were made by him and for him.
Colossians 1:17 He exists before everything, and through him, everything holds together.
Colossians 1:18 He is the head of the body, the church; he is the start, first to rise from the dead; so he is most important in everything.
Colossians 1:19 God was happy to have all completeness live in him.
Colossians 1:20 He made peace with his cross's blood and brought everything back to God, things on earth and in heaven.
Colossians 1:21 And you, once distanced and hostile in your thoughts because of evil deeds, now God has made peace with you.
Colossians 1:22 Through his death in a human body, to present you as holy, without blame, and free from accusation before him:
Colossians 1:23 If you keep your faith strong and steady, and don't give up the hope given by the good news you've heard, which has been told to every living being under the sky, and for which I, Paul, have become a servant.
Colossians 1:24 I am happy to suffer for you, and I share in Christ's sufferings in my own body for the good of the church, which is his body.
Colossians 1:25 I am chosen to serve because God gave this task to me for your benefit, to complete God's message.
Colossians 1:26 The secret that was hidden for so long, even from many people long ago, is now shown to God's holy people.
Colossians 1:27 God wants to show you the riches and glory of this mystery among the non-Jewish people: Christ is in you, giving you the hope of glory.
Colossians 1:28 We teach about Christ, warning everyone and teaching everyone with all wisdom, so that we can present everyone as perfect in Christ Jesus.
Colossians 1:29 I also work hard and struggle, using the great strength that God works in me.

Colossians 2:1 I want you to know about the big struggle I have for you, for those in Laodicea, and for all who have not met me in person.
Colossians 2:2 So that their hearts may be encouraged and united in love, leading to a complete confidence and understanding of God's secret plan, which is Christ himself.
Colossians 2:3 In this one, all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge are hidden.
Colossians 2:4 I say this so no one will trick you with persuasive words.
Colossians 2:5 Even though I am not there in person, I am with you in spirit, happy to see your discipline and firm faith in Christ.
Colossians 2:6 Since you accepted Christ Jesus as Lord, continue to live in Him.
Colossians 2:7 Grown deep in him and built up, strong in your faith as you were taught, filled with thankfulness.
Colossians 2:8 Be careful that no one misleads you with philosophy and empty lies, following human traditions and worldly principles instead of Christ.
Colossians 2:9 In him, the complete nature of God lives in a human form.
Colossians 2:10 You are made whole in him, who is the leader of all rulers and authorities.
Colossians 2:11 In Christ, you also were spiritually circumcised, not by a physical procedure but by stripping away the sinful nature's control over the body.
Colossians 2:12 In baptism, you were buried with him and also raised with him because you believe in God, who brought him back from the dead.
Colossians 2:13 You were dead because of your sins and because your flesh was not circumcised, but God made you alive with Christ and forgave all your sins.
Colossians 2:14 Erasing the written laws that were against us, which opposed us, and removed them, fixing them to his cross;
Colossians 2:15 He disarmed the rulers and authorities, displayed them publicly, and won a victory over them through it.
Colossians 2:16 Don't let anyone criticize you about what you eat or drink, or about celebrating religious festivals, observing the new moon, or keeping the Sabbath.
Colossians 2:17 These are a preview of what will happen; but the real thing belongs to Christ.
Colossians 2:18 Do not let anyone cheat you of your prize by pretending to be humble and worshipping angels, getting involved with things they have never seen, foolishly inflated by their human thinking.
Colossians 2:19 Not staying connected to the Head, from whom the whole body, supported and held together by its ligaments and sinews, grows as God causes it to grow.
Colossians 2:20 So if you have died with Christ and are free from the world's basic rules, why do you still follow its rules as if you belonged to the world?
Colossians 2:21 Do not touch; do not taste; do not handle;
Colossians 2:22 These are all destined to be used up and discarded, according to human rules and teachings.
Colossians 2:23 These things may seem wise because they require strong devotion, humility, and harsh treatment of the body, but they provide no help in controlling selfish desires.

Colossians 3:1 If you have been raised with Christ, look for the things that are above, where Christ sits at God's right side.
Colossians 3:2 Focus on things above, not on earthly things.
Colossians 3:3 You are dead, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.
Colossians 3:4 When Christ, who is our life, comes, you will also be with him in glory.
Colossians 3:5 So, make dead the parts of you that are earthly: sexual sin, impurity, strong lust, evil desires, and greed, which is like worshiping idols.
Colossians 3:6 Because of these things, God's anger comes upon the disobedient people.
Colossians 3:7 You once lived this way when you followed these practices.
Colossians 3:8 Now you should also stop all these things: anger, rage, hate, insulting others, and dirty talk from your mouth.
Colossians 3:9 Do not lie to each other, because you have taken off your old self and its behaviors.
Colossians 3:10 And have put on the new self, which is renewed in knowledge to be like God who created him.
Colossians 3:11 There is no Greek or Jew, circumcised or not, barbarian, Scythian, slave or free; but Christ is everything and in everyone.
Colossians 3:12 Therefore, as God's chosen ones, holy and loved, put on a heart of compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience.
Colossians 3:13 Be patient with each other, and forgive each other. If someone has a complaint against anyone, forgive them just as Christ forgave you.
Colossians 3:14 Above everything, wear love, which binds everything together in perfect unity.
Colossians 3:15 Let God's peace lead in your hearts, which you are called to as one group; and be thankful.
Colossians 3:16 Let Christ's message live in you fully, with all wisdom, and teach and warn each other with psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs, singing thankfully in your hearts to God.
Colossians 3:17 In everything you say or do, do it all for Jesus, thanking God through him.
Colossians 3:18 Wives, obey your husbands, as it is right with God.
Colossians 3:19 Husbands, love your wives and don't be harsh with them.
Colossians 3:20 Kids, listen to your parents in everything, because this makes God happy.
Colossians 3:21 Parents, do not make your children angry, so they do not get discouraged.
Colossians 3:22 Workers, obey your earthly bosses in everything; not just when they're watching, like people who just want to please others, but with a true heart and respect for God.
Colossians 3:23 Do everything with all your heart, as if you're doing it for God, not for people.
Colossians 3:24 Understand that from God you will get the reward of what is kept for you in heaven, because you serve Christ.
Colossians 3:25 Whoever does wrong will be paid back for their wrong, and everyone is treated the same.

Colossians 4:1 Employers, treat your workers fairly and equally, because you know you also have a Master in heaven.
Colossians 4:2 Keep praying, and stay alert when you do, with gratitude.
Colossians 4:3 Please pray for us too, that God will give us a chance to share Christ's secret message, for which I am in chains.
Colossians 4:4 So I can clearly explain it, as I should.
Colossians 4:5 Live wisely around those who are not believers, using your time well.
Colossians 4:6 Always speak kindly and thoughtfully, so you know how to reply to anyone.
Colossians 4:7 Tychicus will tell you all about how I'm doing. He is a dear brother, a reliable helper, and someone who serves God with us.
Colossians 4:8 I sent him to you for this reason, so he can learn about your situation and give you comfort.
Colossians 4:9 Onesimus, a loyal and dear brother, who is one of you, will tell you everything that's happening here.
Colossians 4:10 Aristarchus, who is in prison with me, sends greetings to you, and so does Mark, Barnabas's cousin. You've been told about him; if he comes to you, welcome him.
Colossians 4:11 Jesus, called Justus, and others who are circumcised are the only ones working with me for God's kingdom and have comforted me.
Colossians 4:12 Epaphras, who is one of you and serves Christ, greets you. He always works hard in prayer for you, so you can be fully mature and do all that God wants.
Colossians 4:13 I can tell you, he is very eager to help you and also those in Laodicea and Hierapolis.
Colossians 4:14 Luke, our dear doctor, and Demas, say hello to you.
Colossians 4:15 Greet the brothers and sisters in Laodicea, Nymphas, and the church that meets at his home.
Colossians 4:16 When you read this letter, make sure it is also read in the Laodicean church, and that you read the letter from Laodicea too.
Colossians 4:17 Tell Archippus: Pay attention to the service you were given by God and make sure you complete it.
Colossians 4:18 I, Paul, am writing this greeting with my own hand. Remember that I am in chains. May God's kindness be with you. Amen.

1 Thessalonians 1:1 Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy, to the Thessalonian church in God and Jesus Christ: may you have grace and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
1 Thessalonians 1:2 We always thank God for all of you, remembering you in our prayers.
1 Thessalonians 1:3 We constantly remember your faith in action, love's hard work, and hopeful patience in our Lord Jesus Christ, before God our Father.
1 Thessalonians 1:4 Dear friends, know that God has chosen you.
1 Thessalonians 1:5 Our good news didn't come to you just by words, but also with power, God's Spirit, and strong confidence; as you know how we acted among you for your benefit.
1 Thessalonians 1:6 You followed our example and God's, accepting the message in great trouble yet with Holy Spirit's joy.
1 Thessalonians 1:7 So you became examples to all the believers in Macedonia and Achaia.
1 Thessalonians 1:8 From you, the message of God has spread not only in Macedonia and Achaia but also everywhere your faith in God is known; so we don't need to say anything more.
1 Thessalonians 1:9 People tell how we came to you, and how you turned to God from idols to serve the true and living God.
1 Thessalonians 1:10 To wait for his Son from heaven, whom God raised from the dead, Jesus who saves us from the coming anger.

1 Thessalonians 2:1 You know, friends, that our visit to you was not a waste.
1 Thessalonians 2:2 Even though we had already suffered and were badly treated in Philippi, as you know, we were brave in our faith to tell you God's good news, despite strong opposition.
1 Thessalonians 2:3 Our encouragement did not come from lies, impurity, or trickery.
1 Thessalonians 2:4 God trusted us with the good news, so we speak to please not people, but God who tests our hearts.
1 Thessalonians 2:5 We never used flattery or were greedy, and you know it; God saw it all.
1 Thessalonians 2:6 We did not seek praise from people, not from you or anyone else, even though we could have made demands as Christ's apostles.
1 Thessalonians 2:7 We were kind to you, just like a nurse who takes care of her children.
1 Thessalonians 2:8 We really wanted to share with you, not only God's message, but also our own lives because you were so important to us.
1 Thessalonians 2:9 Brothers and sisters, you remember our hard work and struggle: because we worked day and night and didn't want to be a burden to any of you, we shared with you God's message.
1 Thessalonians 2:10 You are witnesses, and God too, how we acted holy, justly, and without blame among you who believe.
1 Thessalonians 2:11 You know how we encouraged, comforted, and urged each of you, like a father does his children.
1 Thessalonians 2:12 You should live in a way that honors God, who invites you to His kingdom and splendor.
1 Thessalonians 2:13 We always thank God because when you accepted the message you heard from us, you didn't think of it as human words but as God's truth, which also powerfully works in those who believe.
1 Thessalonians 2:14 You, brothers and sisters, followed the example of God's churches in Judea that are in Christ Jesus: you also suffered from your own people, just as they did from the Jews.
1 Thessalonians 2:15 They killed both Jesus and their own prophets and have persecuted us; they do not please God and oppose everyone.
1 Thessalonians 2:16 Stopping us from talking to the non-Jews so they can be saved, to make their sins fully complete: because God's anger has fully come upon them.
1 Thessalonians 2:17 We, brothers, were separated from you for a little while in person, not in spirit, and tried very hard to see you because we really wanted to.
1 Thessalonians 2:18 We wanted to come to you, I, Paul, tried more than once; but Satan stopped us.
1 Thessalonians 2:19 What is our hope, joy, or reason to be proud? Aren't you with our Lord Jesus Christ when he comes?
1 Thessalonians 2:20 You are our pride and happiness.

1 Thessalonians 3:1 So when we couldn't wait any longer, we decided to stay alone in Athens.
1 Thessalonians 3:2 We sent Timothy, our brother, who serves God and works with us to spread the good news about Christ, to strengthen and encourage you in your faith.
1 Thessalonians 3:3 No one should be upset by these troubles, because you know we are meant to go through them.
1 Thessalonians 3:4 Truly, when we were with you, we warned you that we would face troubles; and it happened, just as you know.
1 Thessalonians 3:5 Because I couldn't wait any longer, I sent to ask about your faith, in case the tempter had tempted you and our work would be useless.
1 Thessalonians 3:6 But now Timothy has come to us from you and told us about your faith and love. He said you always remember us well and really want to see us, just as we want to see you.
1 Thessalonians 3:7 So, friends, your faith made us feel better, even with all our troubles and hardships.
1 Thessalonians 3:8 We live fully if you remain strong in faith.
1 Thessalonians 3:9 How can we thank God enough for you, for all the happiness we feel because of you in the presence of God?
1 Thessalonians 3:10 Day and night we pray deeply to see you and to strengthen what is missing in your faith.
1 Thessalonians 3:11 May God himself, our Father, and Jesus Christ, our Lord, guide us to you.
1 Thessalonians 3:12 May God help you grow and overflow with love for each other and for everyone, just as we do for you.
1 Thessalonians 3:13 So that God may make your hearts strong and pure in the sight of God, our Father, when our Lord Jesus Christ comes with all his holy people.

1 Thessalonians 4:1 We ask you, friends, and encourage you in Jesus' name, to live as we taught you, so you can please God and keep growing in it.
1 Thessalonians 4:2 You know the commands we gave you from Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 4:3 God wants you to be holy and avoid sexual immorality.
1 Thessalonians 4:4 Each of you should know how to live with your body in a way that is holy and respectful.
1 Thessalonians 4:5 Do not follow strong sexual desires, like the non-believers who do not know God.
1 Thessalonians 4:6 Let no one take advantage of or cheat their fellow in any matter; for God punishes all such acts, as we have already warned and confirmed to you.
1 Thessalonians 4:7 God has not called us to be unclean, but to be holy.
1 Thessalonians 4:8 So, if someone disrespects, they don't disrespect people but God, who has also given us his Holy Spirit.
1 Thessalonians 4:9 Regarding loving others like brothers, you don't need me to write to you, because God has taught you to love each other.
1 Thessalonians 4:10 You are showing love to all God's people in Macedonia, but we urge you, friends, to do so more and more.
1 Thessalonians 4:11 Work hard and mind your own business, just as we told you.
1 Thessalonians 4:12 Live honestly with those outside your group, so you won't need anything from others.
1 Thessalonians 4:13 I want you to understand, friends, about those who have died, so you won't be sad like others who have no hope.
1 Thessalonians 4:14 If we believe that Jesus died and came back to life, then God will also bring with him those who have died believing in Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 4:15 We tell you, by God's message, that those of us who are alive and left until God's return will not go ahead of those who have died.
1 Thessalonians 4:16 God will come down from heaven with a shout, with the archangel's voice, and with God's trumpet: and those who believed in Christ and have died will come back to life first.
1 Thessalonians 4:17 We who are alive and left will be lifted up with them in the clouds to meet God in the sky, and we will always be with God.
1 Thessalonians 4:18 Therefore, encourage each other with these words.

1 Thessalonians 5:1 About the times and dates, friends, you don't need me to write to you.
1 Thessalonians 5:2 You know very well that the day of God will come like a thief in the night.
1 Thessalonians 5:3 When people say, "Peace and safety," then sudden ruin will hit them, like labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they won't escape.
1 Thessalonians 5:4 But friends, you are not in the dark, so that the day should surprise you like a thief.
1 Thessalonians 5:5 You are all children of light and of the day; we are not of the night or of darkness.
1 Thessalonians 5:6 So let's not sleep like others; instead, let's stay alert and clear-headed.
1 Thessalonians 5:7 People who sleep, sleep at night; and those who get drunk, get drunk at night.
1 Thessalonians 5:8 Let us who live in the light be clear-minded, wearing faith and love as a protective vest, and the hope of being saved as a helmet.
1 Thessalonians 5:9 God has not chosen us for anger, but to gain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Thessalonians 5:10 He died for us so that, awake or asleep, we might live with him.
1 Thessalonians 5:11 Encourage each other and build each other up, just as you are already doing.
1 Thessalonians 5:12 We ask you, friends, to recognize those who work hard among you, who guide you in the Lord, and who warn you.
1 Thessalonians 5:13 Value them greatly with love because of their work and live peacefully with each other.
1 Thessalonians 5:14 We urge you, friends, to warn those who are not following the rules, encourage those who are discouraged, help those who are weak, and be patient with everyone.
1 Thessalonians 5:15 Make sure no one pays back wrong for wrong to anyone; but always try to do what is good, for each other and for everyone else.
1 Thessalonians 5:16 Be happy always.
1 Thessalonians 5:17 Keep praying all the time.
1 Thessalonians 5:18 In everything, be thankful: because this is what God wants for you in Christ Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 5:19 Do not put out the Spirit's fire.
1 Thessalonians 5:20 Do not look down on prophecies.
1 Thessalonians 5:21 Test everything; keep what is good.
1 Thessalonians 5:22 Stay away from anything that looks evil.
1 Thessalonians 5:23 May the God of peace make you completely holy, and I hope God keeps your spirit, soul, and body without fault until our Lord Jesus Christ comes.
1 Thessalonians 5:24 God, who calls you, is faithful and will do what he promises.
1 Thessalonians 5:25 Brothers and sisters, pray for us.
1 Thessalonians 5:26 Say hello to all the brothers and sisters with a holy kiss.
1 Thessalonians 5:27 I ask you seriously in God's name to make sure this letter is read to all the believers.
1 Thessalonians 5:28 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.

2 Thessalonians 1:1 Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy, to the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and Jesus Christ:
2 Thessalonians 1:2 May you have grace and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 1:3 We must always thank God for you, brothers, because it is right. Your faith is growing a lot, and the love you all have for each other is increasing.
2 Thessalonians 1:4 We are proud of you among God's churches because of your patience and faith during all the persecutions and troubles you go through.
2 Thessalonians 1:5 This clearly shows God's fair judgment, so that you can be seen as fit for God's kingdom, which you are also suffering for.
2 Thessalonians 1:6 God thinks it is fair to give trouble to those who trouble you.
2 Thessalonians 1:7 If you are troubled, find rest with us when the Lord Jesus comes from heaven with his powerful angels.
2 Thessalonians 1:8 With fiery flames, punishing those who do not know God and do not follow the teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 1:9 They will be punished with never-ending ruin, away from God and his mighty glory.
2 Thessalonians 1:10 When he comes to receive glory in his holy people and to be marveled at among all who have believed (because you believed our testimony to you) on that day.
2 Thessalonians 1:11 So we always pray for you that God will think you worthy of his call, and will complete every good thing you desire and your work of faith with strength.
2 Thessalonians 1:12 May our Lord Jesus Christ's name be honored through you, and you through him, by the kindness of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.

2 Thessalonians 2:1 We ask you, friends, because of the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ and our meeting with him,
2 Thessalonians 2:2 Make sure you are not quickly upset or worried, whether by a spirit, something someone says, or a letter seeming to be from us, claiming that the day of Christ is already here.
2 Thessalonians 2:3 Don't let anyone trick you in any way: for that day will not come unless there is first a turning away from God, and the sinful man, the doomed son, is shown.
2 Thessalonians 2:4 He challenges and lifts himself above everything named God or worshiped; so he, as God, sits in God's temple, acting like he is God.
2 Thessalonians 2:5 Don't you remember that when I was still with you, I told you these things?
2 Thessalonians 2:6 And now you know what is holding back his revelation until the right time.
2 Thessalonians 2:7 The secret power of wrongdoing is already at work: but he who is holding it back will continue to do so until he is removed.
2 Thessalonians 2:8 Then the evil one will be shown, whom God will defeat with his word and destroy with the glory of his coming.
2 Thessalonians 2:9 He will come after Satan, with all power, signs, and false miracles.
2 Thessalonians 2:10 They will be deceived by evil because they did not love the truth that could save them.
2 Thessalonians 2:11 For this reason, God will let them be fooled, so they will believe what is false.
2 Thessalonians 2:12 So that everyone who did not believe the truth, but enjoyed doing wrong, might be judged.
2 Thessalonians 2:13 We must always thank God for you, brothers loved by God, because God chose you from the start for salvation by making you holy through the Spirit and by your belief in the truth.
2 Thessalonians 2:14 God called you through our good news to gain the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 2:15 So, friends, stand strong and keep the teachings you have learned, whether by speaking or by our letter.
2 Thessalonians 2:16 Now our Lord Jesus Christ and God, our Father, who loved us and gave us eternal comfort and good hope by grace,
2 Thessalonians 2:17 Encourage your hearts and strengthen you in all good words and actions.

2 Thessalonians 3:1 Friends, please pray for us, so that God's message can spread freely and be honored, just like with you.
2 Thessalonians 3:2 So that we can be rescued from people who are unfair and evil: not everyone has faith.
2 Thessalonians 3:3 God is faithful and will make you strong and protect you from evil.
2 Thessalonians 3:4 We trust in God about you, that you are and will continue to follow the instructions we give you.
2 Thessalonians 3:5 May God guide your hearts to love God and to wait patiently for Christ.
2 Thessalonians 3:6 We tell you, friends, speak for Jesus Christ and stay away from anyone who does not follow the teachings we gave and does not act right.
2 Thessalonians 3:7 You know how you should imitate us: we did not act improperly among you.
2 Thessalonians 3:8 We did not eat anyone's bread without paying; we worked hard day and night so we would not be a burden to any of you.
2 Thessalonians 3:9 Not because we lack the authority, but to be an example for you to imitate us.
2 Thessalonians 3:10 Even when we were with you, we told you: If anyone won't work, they shouldn't eat.
2 Thessalonians 3:11 We hear that some among you are acting out of line, not working at all, but meddling in others' business.
2 Thessalonians 3:12 We tell and encourage those people, by Jesus Christ, to work calmly and eat their own food.
2 Thessalonians 3:13 Friends, don't get tired of doing good.
2 Thessalonians 3:14 If anyone does not follow our instructions in this letter, take note of that person and do not associate with him, so he may feel ashamed.
2 Thessalonians 3:15 Don't see him as an enemy, but warn him as a brother.
2 Thessalonians 3:16 May God, the Lord of peace, give you peace at all times and in every way. May God be with all of you.
2 Thessalonians 3:17 This is my greeting in every letter, all written by me, Paul.
2 Thessalonians 3:18 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with everyone. Amen.

1 Timothy 1:1 Paul, a messenger of Jesus Christ, by God our Savior's order, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who is our hope.
1 Timothy 1:2 To Timothy, my true son in faith: May you have kindness, compassion, and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
1 Timothy 1:3 I asked you to stay in Ephesus when I went to Macedonia, so you could tell some people not to teach different teachings.
1 Timothy 1:4 Don't pay attention to myths and never-ending family histories that cause arguments instead of building up God's work, which is done in faith.
1 Timothy 1:5 The goal of this command is love that comes from a pure heart, a clear conscience, and genuine faith.
1 Timothy 1:6 Some people have strayed and turned to meaningless talk.
1 Timothy 1:7 Wanting to be teachers of the law without understanding what they are talking about or what they strongly claim to be true.
1 Timothy 1:8 We know the law is good if someone uses it correctly.
1 Timothy 1:9 Understand this: the law isn't for good people, but for those who break the law and don't obey, for godless and sinful people, for those who aren't holy and who disrespect, for those who kill their fathers or mothers, and for murderers.
1 Timothy 1:10 This is for those who are sexually immoral, those who engage in homosexuality, those who kidnap, those who lie, those who make false promises, and anything else that goes against correct teaching.
1 Timothy 1:11 According to the wonderful good news of the happy God, which was given to me to take care of.
1 Timothy 1:12 I thank Jesus our Lord who gave me strength because he trusted me and chose me to serve Him.
1 Timothy 1:13 I used to speak against God, hurt people, and do harm. But I received mercy because I did it without knowing and without belief.
1 Timothy 1:14 God's grace was very great, filled with faith and love in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 1:15 This true statement should be fully accepted: Christ Jesus came into the world to save wrongdoers, and I am the worst of them.
1 Timothy 1:16 However, I received mercy for this reason: so that in me, Jesus Christ could fully display his patience as an example for those who would later believe in him for eternal life.
1 Timothy 1:17 Now to the King who is forever, who cannot die, who no one can see, the only smart God, be honor and praise forever and ever. Amen.
1 Timothy 1:18 I give you this task, Timothy, my son, following the prophecies about you, so that you can fight the good fight well.
1 Timothy 1:19 Keep faith and a clear conscience; some have rejected these and ruined their faith.
1 Timothy 1:20 I have handed over Hymenaeus and Alexander to Satan so they can learn not to speak against God.

1 Timothy 2:1 I encourage, then, that above all, requests, prayers, asking for others, and thanks should be given for everyone.
1 Timothy 2:2 For rulers and all in power; so we can live quietly and peacefully with true faith and honesty.
1 Timothy 2:3 This is good and okay to God who saves us.
1 Timothy 2:4 God wants everyone to be saved and to understand the truth.
1 Timothy 2:5 There is one God and one go-between for God and people, the man Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 2:6 He gave himself as a ransom for everyone, to be shown at the right time.
1 Timothy 2:7 I am chosen to be a preacher and an apostle, speaking the truth in Christ without lying, and a teacher of the non-Jews in faith and truth.
1 Timothy 2:8 I want men to pray everywhere, raising holy hands, without anger or doubt.
1 Timothy 2:9 Women should also dress simply and with modesty, acting with decency and self-control, not with fancy hairstyles, gold, pearls, or expensive clothes.
1 Timothy 2:10 But (fitting for women who claim to honor God) by doing good deeds.
1 Timothy 2:11 Let the woman learn quietly and obey fully.
1 Timothy 2:12 I do not allow a woman to teach or have control over a man; she must be quiet.
1 Timothy 2:13 Adam was created first, then Eve.
1 Timothy 2:14 Adam was not tricked, but the woman was deceived and did wrong.
1 Timothy 2:15 She will be saved through having children, if they keep their faith, love, and holiness with good sense.

1 Timothy 3:1 It is true that if someone wants to be a leader in the church, they want to do a good thing.
1 Timothy 3:2 A church leader must be without fault, married to one woman, watchful, clear-minded, well-behaved, welcoming to guests, and skilled in teaching.
1 Timothy 3:3 Doesn't drink too much, isn't violent, not chasing dirty money; but is patient, doesn't like to fight, and isn't greedy.
1 Timothy 3:4 Someone who leads their own family well, keeping their children respectful and serious.
1 Timothy 3:5 If a man can't manage his own family, how can he take care of God's church?
1 Timothy 3:6 Someone new should not be given a high position, because if they become proud, they might be judged as the devil was.
1 Timothy 3:7 He must also have a good reputation among outsiders to avoid falling into disgrace and the devil's trap.
1 Timothy 3:8 Deacons must be serious, not lie, not drink too much wine, and not want dirty money.
1 Timothy 3:9 Keeping the secret of faith with a clear conscience.
1 Timothy 3:10 First, these should be tested; then if they are found faultless, they can serve as deacons.
1 Timothy 3:11 Their wives must be serious, not spreading rumors, clear-minded, and trustworthy in everything.
1 Timothy 3:12 Deacons should have one wife and manage their children and homes well.
1 Timothy 3:13 Those who serve well as deacons gain a good standing for themselves and great confidence in their faith in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 3:14 I write these things to you, hoping to visit you soon.
1 Timothy 3:15 But if I'm delayed, you will know how to act in God's house, which is the living God's church, the support and foundation of truth.
1 Timothy 3:16 There's no doubt, the secret of being good is great: God appeared in human form, proved right by the Spirit, seen by angels, told to outsiders, trusted in by people everywhere, taken up into greatness.

1 Timothy 4:1 The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will turn away from faith, listening to misleading spirits and teachings of demons.
1 Timothy 4:2 Telling lies and pretending to be good, while their consciences are numb as if burned with a hot iron.
1 Timothy 4:3 Stopping people from marrying and telling them not to eat certain foods, which God made for believers who know the truth to eat with thanks.
1 Timothy 4:4 Every creature from God is good and should not be rejected if it is accepted with thanks.
1 Timothy 4:5 It is made holy by God's word and prayer.
1 Timothy 4:6 If you remind the believers about these teachings, you will be a good servant of Jesus Christ, grown strong through the words of faith and good teaching that you have followed.
1 Timothy 4:7 Avoid disrespectful and silly stories, and instead train yourself to be godly.
1 Timothy 4:8 Exercising your body helps a little, but living a godly life is useful for everything, giving hope for our current life and the future.
1 Timothy 4:9 This saying is true and should be fully accepted.
1 Timothy 4:10 We work hard and are criticized because we trust in God, who saves everyone, especially those who believe.
1 Timothy 4:11 Give these instructions and teach them.
1 Timothy 4:12 Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but be an example for the believers in your speech, in your life, in love, in spirit, in faith, and in purity.
1 Timothy 4:13 Until I arrive, focus on reading, encouraging others, and teaching.
1 Timothy 4:14 Do not ignore the gift you have, which was given to you when the elders laid their hands on you and prophesied.
1 Timothy 4:15 Think deeply about these things and fully dedicate yourself to them so that everyone can see your progress.
1 Timothy 4:16 Be careful about how you live and what you teach; keep on doing these things. By doing so, you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.

1 Timothy 5:1 Don't scold an older person, but ask him kindly like a father; treat the younger men like brothers.
1 Timothy 5:2 Treat older women like mothers; younger women like sisters, with complete respect.
1 Timothy 5:3 Respect women who are truly alone without husbands.
1 Timothy 5:4 If a widow has children or grandchildren, they should first take care of their own family and repay their parents, because this pleases God.
1 Timothy 5:5 A true widow who is alone puts her hope in God and prays day and night.
1 Timothy 5:6 A woman who enjoys life too much is like she's dead even when she's alive.
1 Timothy 5:7 Instruct them in these matters so they can be without fault.
1 Timothy 5:8 If someone does not take care of their family, especially those living at home, they have rejected the faith and are worse than someone who does not believe.
1 Timothy 5:9 Do not include a widow who is less than sixty years old and has been married to only one man.
1 Timothy 5:10 Known for good acts; if she has raised children, welcomed guests, washed believers' feet, helped those in trouble, and eagerly done all kinds of good work.
1 Timothy 5:11 Do not accept the younger widows; when their desires grow strong, they want to marry again.
1 Timothy 5:12 They face punishment because they have abandoned their early belief.
1 Timothy 5:13 They also learn to be lazy, moving from house to house; and they are not just lazy, but also gossips and meddlers, talking about things they should not.
1 Timothy 5:14 I want younger women to get married, have children, manage their homes, and not give critics any reason to speak badly.
1 Timothy 5:15 Some have already turned away following Satan.
1 Timothy 5:16 If any believer, man or woman, has widows in their family, they should help them so that the church isn't burdened and can assist those who are truly in need.
1 Timothy 5:17 Respect the leaders who guide well greatly, and give extra respect to those who work hard teaching God's message and beliefs.
1 Timothy 5:18 The Bible says, you should not cover the ox's mouth when it is working with the grain. Also, a worker deserves to be paid for their work.
1 Timothy 5:19 Do not accept a charge against an older person unless it is supported by two or three witnesses.
1 Timothy 5:20 Tell everyone when someone does wrong so that others will be afraid to do the same.
1 Timothy 5:21 I tell you before God, Jesus Christ, and the chosen angels, to follow these instructions fairly, treating everyone the same, without favoring anyone.
1 Timothy 5:22 Don't quickly accuse anyone, and don't share in the wrongs of others; stay clean yourself.
1 Timothy 5:23 Stop drinking only water, but have a little wine for your stomach and your frequent sicknesses.
1 Timothy 5:24 Some people's sins are obvious, leading directly to judgment, while the sins of others become clear later.
1 Timothy 5:25 Similarly, the good deeds of some people are clear from the start, and those that are not will still be seen.

1 Timothy 6:1 All servants under someone should respect their masters fully, so that God’s name and teaching are not spoken of badly.
1 Timothy 6:2 If you have a boss who believes, respect them because they are your brothers and sisters. Serve them well because they are faithful and loved, sharing in the good things. Teach and encourage these things.
1 Timothy 6:3 If someone teaches differently and doesn't agree with the good words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the teaching that leads to a godly life;
1 Timothy 6:4 He is arrogant and knows nothing, but obsesses over arguments and fights about words, which lead to jealousy, conflict, insults, and suspicious thoughts.
1 Timothy 6:5 Twisted arguments from people with corrupt minds, who lack the truth and think that profit is the same as being godly: stay away from them.
1 Timothy 6:6 Living a godly life and being content with what you have is truly valuable.
1 Timothy 6:7 We brought nothing into this world, and we can surely take nothing with us when we leave.
1 Timothy 6:8 With food and clothing, let us be content.
1 Timothy 6:9 People who want to be rich fall into temptations, traps, and many foolish and harmful desires that plunge them into ruin and destruction.
1 Timothy 6:10 Loving money too much leads to all kinds of wrongs; some people wanting it have wandered from their beliefs and brought themselves many pains.
1 Timothy 6:11 But you, man of God, run away from these things; and chase after being right, godly, faithful, loving, patient, and gentle.
1 Timothy 6:12 Battle well in your faith, grab hold of forever life, to which you were invited and have claimed well in front of many people.
1 Timothy 6:13 I instruct you before God, who gives life to everything, and Jesus Christ, who spoke the truth before Pontius Pilate.
1 Timothy 6:14 Make sure you follow this command without fault or blame until Jesus Christ appears.
1 Timothy 6:15 In his own time, he will show who is the blessed and only Ruler, the King of all kings and Lord of all lords.
1 Timothy 6:16 Only God has eternal life, lives in light that no one can get close to, whom no one has seen or can see. To Him be honor and lasting power. Amen.
1 Timothy 6:17 Tell those who are wealthy in this world not to be proud or to rely on their unstable wealth, but on God, who generously gives us everything for our enjoyment.
1 Timothy 6:18 Let them do good, be rich in good deeds, ready to share, and eager to be generous.
1 Timothy 6:19 Saving up for themselves a good base for the future, so they may grasp eternal life.
1 Timothy 6:20 Timothy, guard what has been entrusted to you, stay away from godless chatter and the false knowledge that some claim.
1 Timothy 6:21 Some who claim to follow have wandered away from the faith. May kindness be with you. Amen.

2 Timothy 1:1 Paul, a messenger of Jesus Christ chosen by God, based on the promise of life found in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 1:2 To Timothy, my dear son: May you have kindness, compassion, and peace from God the Father and from Christ Jesus our Lord.
2 Timothy 1:3 I thank God, who I serve like my ancestors did with a clear conscience, that I always remember you in my prayers day and night.
2 Timothy 1:4 I really want to see you, remembering your tears, so I can be full of joy.
2 Timothy 1:5 I remember your true faith, which first lived in your grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice, and I am convinced it is in you as well.
2 Timothy 1:6 I remind you to awaken the gift from God you have, which was given to you when I laid my hands on you.
2 Timothy 1:7 God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
2 Timothy 1:8 Don't be ashamed of our Lord's message, or of me, his prisoner. But share in the hardships of the good news by the power of God.
2 Timothy 1:9 God saved us and called us with a special calling—not because of what we have done but because of his own plan and kindness given to us in Jesus Christ long ago.
2 Timothy 1:10 But now it is made clear by the coming of our Savior Jesus Christ, who has destroyed death, and has shown us the way to life and eternal life through the good news.
2 Timothy 1:11 I am chosen to be a preacher, an apostle, and a teacher to non-Jews.
2 Timothy 1:12 I suffer for this reason, but I'm not ashamed because I know who I believe in, and I'm sure he can guard what I've entrusted to him until that day.
2 Timothy 1:13 Keep the pattern of true words you heard from me, with faith and love in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 1:14 Protect the good message given to you by the Holy Spirit living in us.
2 Timothy 1:15 You know that everyone in Asia has turned against me, including Phygellus and Hermogenes.
2 Timothy 1:16 God show kindness to Onesiphorus's family because he often helped me and was not embarrassed by my imprisonment.
2 Timothy 1:17 When he was in Rome, he looked for me carefully and found me.
2 Timothy 1:18 May God give him mercy from God on that day, and you know very well how much he helped me in Ephesus.

2 Timothy 2:1 You, my child, be strong in the grace that is in Jesus Christ.
2 Timothy 2:2 The teachings you have heard from me, in front of many witnesses, pass on to trustworthy people who can also teach others.
2 Timothy 2:3 So, be strong like a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
2 Timothy 2:4 A person fighting in a war does not get involved with everyday life activities, so they can please the one who chose them to be a soldier.
2 Timothy 2:5 If someone competes in contests, they are not awarded a crown unless they compete according to the rules.
2 Timothy 2:6 The farmer who works hard should be the first to enjoy the fruits of his work.
2 Timothy 2:7 Think about what I say, and may God help you understand everything.
2 Timothy 2:8 Remember that Jesus Christ, who came from David's family, was brought back to life as told in my good news.
2 Timothy 2:9 I face hardship as if I were a criminal, even to the point of being chained; yet God's message is not chained.
2 Timothy 2:10 I put up with everything for the chosen people's sake, so they can also find the salvation in Christ Jesus that comes with eternal glory.
2 Timothy 2:11 This saying is true: If we died with him, we will also live with him.
2 Timothy 2:12 If we go through hard times, we will also rule with him; if we reject him, he will also reject us.
2 Timothy 2:13 If we don't believe, he remains faithful; he cannot contradict himself.
2 Timothy 2:14 Remind them of these things and tell them in God's presence not to argue about words. It doesn't help anyone and ruins those who listen.
2 Timothy 2:15 Make an effort to be acceptable to God, a worker with no need to be ashamed, properly understanding and teaching the true message.
2 Timothy 2:16 Stay away from disrespectful and pointless talk; it leads to more wrong behavior.
2 Timothy 2:17 Their teaching will spread like a disease. It includes Hymenaeus and Philetus.
2 Timothy 2:18 They are wrong about the truth, claiming the resurrection has already happened, and they destroy the faith of some.
2 Timothy 2:19 God's foundation stands firm, with this mark: God knows who belongs to Him. And anyone who calls on Christ's name should turn away from wrongdoing.
2 Timothy 2:20 In a big house, there are not just containers of gold and silver, but also of wood and clay; some are for special use, and some for everyday use.
2 Timothy 2:21 If a person cleans himself from these things, he will be a vessel for honor, made holy, and ready for the owner's use, prepared for every good action.
2 Timothy 2:22 Run away from young people's strong desires. But chase after living right, trusting, being kind, and peace with those who ask God for help with a clean heart.
2 Timothy 2:23 Stay away from silly and ignorant questions, because they lead to arguments.
2 Timothy 2:24 God's servant should not argue, but be kind to everyone, able to teach, and patient.
2 Timothy 2:25 Gently teach those who disagree with themselves; if perhaps God will grant them a change of heart to recognize the truth.
2 Timothy 2:26 So they can escape the devil's trap, who has captured them to do his will.

2 Timothy 3:1 Understand that in the last days, dangerous times will come.
2 Timothy 3:2 People will love themselves, desire too much, brag, be arrogant, disrespect God, not obey parents, not be thankful, and not be respectful.
2 Timothy 3:3 Unloving, promise-breakers, liars, without self-control, violent, haters of the good,
2 Timothy 3:4 People who betray others, act without thinking, are full of themselves, and love fun more than they love God.
2 Timothy 3:5 They act religious but reject its true power. Stay away from these people.
2 Timothy 3:6 These people sneak into homes and take control of weak-willed women burdened with sins and swayed by various desires.
2 Timothy 3:7 Always learning, but never able to understand the truth.
2 Timothy 3:8 Just as Jannes and Jambres opposed Moses, so these people also reject the truth: they are corrupt thinkers and fail to accept the faith.
2 Timothy 3:9 They won't get any further: everyone will see their foolishness, just as others' was seen.
2 Timothy 3:10 You fully know my teaching, way of life, goal, faith, endurance, love, and patience.
2 Timothy 3:11 Hard times and troubles that happened to me in Antioch, Iconium, and Lystra, the tough situations I went through: but God rescued me from them all.
2 Timothy 3:12 Everyone who wants to live a good life in Christ Jesus will face troubles.
2 Timothy 3:13 Bad people and tricksters will become more and more wicked, cheating others and being cheated themselves.
2 Timothy 3:14 Keep following the teachings you have learned and are sure of, knowing who taught them to you.
2 Timothy 3:15 From childhood, you have known the sacred writings that can teach you to be saved through faith in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 3:16 All scripture comes from God's inspiration and is useful for teaching, for showing mistakes, for improving, and for training in right living.
2 Timothy 3:17 So the person who serves God can be complete, fully equipped for every good action.

2 Timothy 4:1 I command you before God and Jesus Christ, who will judge the living and the dead when he comes and begins his kingdom;
2 Timothy 4:2 Share the message; always be ready, whether it's convenient or not; correct, scold, and encourage with patience and teaching.
2 Timothy 4:3 A time will come when people won't accept true teaching; instead, they will follow their own desires and collect teachers who tell them what they want to hear.
2 Timothy 4:4 They will stop listening to the truth and instead believe in made-up stories.
2 Timothy 4:5 Stay alert in everything, be patient with hardships, do the work of a messenger of good news, and fully carry out your service.
2 Timothy 4:6 I am ready to be sacrificed, and the time for me to leave is close.
2 Timothy 4:7 I have fought well, I have completed my race, I have stayed true to my beliefs.
2 Timothy 4:8 From now on, a crown of goodness is waiting for me, which God, the fair judge, will give me on that day; and not just to me, but to all who look forward to seeing Him.
2 Timothy 4:9 Make an effort to come to me soon.
2 Timothy 4:10 Demas left me because he loved this world and has gone to Thessalonica; Crescens has gone to Galatia, and Titus to Dalmatia.
2 Timothy 4:11 Only Luke is with me. Bring Mark with you, because he is helpful to me in the work.
2 Timothy 4:12 I have sent Tychicus to Ephesus.
2 Timothy 4:13 Bring the coat I left in Troas with Carpus when you come, and the books, but mainly the scrolls.
2 Timothy 4:14 Alexander the metalworker caused me a lot of harm; may God repay him for what he has done.
2 Timothy 4:15 Be careful of him too; he has strongly opposed our message.
2 Timothy 4:16 At my first defense, no one was with me; everyone left me. I hope God will not hold it against them.
2 Timothy 4:17 Despite everything, God was with me and gave me strength, so that the message could be completely spread, and all non-Jewish people could hear it; and I was saved from the lion's mouth.
2 Timothy 4:18 God will rescue me from all evil deeds and keep me safe for his heavenly kingdom. To God be glory forever. Amen.
2 Timothy 4:19 Say hello to Prisca and Aquila, and to the family of Onesiphorus.
2 Timothy 4:20 Erastus stayed in Corinth, but I left Trophimus sick in Miletus.
2 Timothy 4:21 Try hard to come before winter. Eubulus, Pudens, Linus, Claudia, and all the brothers send their greetings.
2 Timothy 4:22 May Jesus Christ be with your spirit. May you have grace. Amen.

Titus 1:1 Paul, a servant of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ, follows the faith of God's chosen ones and recognizes the truth that leads to a godly life.
Titus 1:2 Hoping for eternal life, which God, who cannot lie, promised before the world started.
Titus 1:3 God showed his message at the right time through preaching, which was given to me by the order of God our Savior.
Titus 1:4 To Titus, my true son in our shared faith: May you have kindness, compassion, and peace from God the Father and Jesus Christ our Savior.
Titus 1:5 I left you in Crete so you could fix what was needed and appoint leaders in each town, as I told you.
Titus 1:6 If anyone is without fault, married to one wife, and has trustworthy children who are not accused of being wild or disobedient.
Titus 1:7 A leader in the church must be without fault, as God's manager; not stubborn, not quick to anger, not addicted to alcohol, not violent, not greedy for money.
Titus 1:8 But someone who welcomes guests, likes good people, is self-controlled, fair, holy, and disciplined;
Titus 1:9 Sticking to the true message as taught to him, so he can use solid teaching to encourage and prove wrong those who disagree.
Titus 1:10 There are many who do not obey, who talk for no good reason and trick others, especially those who insist on circumcision.
Titus 1:11 These people who confuse entire families by teaching wrong things for dishonest gain must be silenced.
Titus 1:12 One of their own prophets said, 'People from Crete are always lying, they're bad creatures, and they are lazy.'
Titus 1:13 This testimony is true. So correct them firmly, so they will have a strong faith.
Titus 1:14 Do not pay attention to Jewish stories or human rules that turn people away from the truth.
Titus 1:15 To the pure, everything is pure; but to those who are spoiled and don't believe, nothing is pure because their minds and hearts are spoiled.
Titus 1:16 They claim to know God, but their actions deny Him, being hateful, disobedient, and useless for any good work.

Titus 2:1 Teach what matches with good teaching.
Titus 2:2 Older men should be self-controlled, serious, wise, strong in faith, loving, and patient.
Titus 2:3 Older women should also act in a way that fits with a holy life, not spreading rumors, not drinking too much, and teaching what is good.
Titus 2:4 To help young women be sensible, love their husbands, and love their children.
Titus 2:5 To be wise, pure, take care of their homes, kind, and listen to their husbands, so God's message is not spoken against.
Titus 2:6 Advise young men also to be self-controlled.
Titus 2:7 In everything, be an example of good actions: teach with honesty, seriousness, and truthfulness.
Titus 2:8 Speak clearly and rightly so no one can find fault with you, and those who disagree might feel embarrassed because they can't say anything bad about you.
Titus 2:9 Tell workers to listen to their bosses, try hard to make them happy in everything, and not talk back.
Titus 2:10 Do not steal, but show complete loyalty, so that in everything you may make the teachings of God our Savior attractive.
Titus 2:11 God's grace that offers salvation has been shown to everyone.
Titus 2:12 This teaches us to say no to ungodly ways and worldly desires, and to live self-controlled, upright, and godly lives in this world.
Titus 2:13 Waiting for the happy hope and the wonderful coming of the great God and our Savior Jesus Christ.
Titus 2:14 He gave himself for us, so he could rescue us from all wrongs and clean us for himself, to be his special people who are eager to do good.
Titus 2:15 Talk about these things, encourage others, and correct them with full authority. Don't let anyone look down on you.

Titus 3:1 Remind them to follow rulers and authorities, to listen to leaders, and to be prepared for all good actions.
Titus 3:2 Don't say bad things about anyone, avoid fighting, be kind, and show humbleness to everyone.
Titus 3:3 We were once foolish, disobedient, misled, chasing many desires and pleasures, living with meanness and jealousy, full of hate, and hating each other.
Titus 3:4 But then God our Savior showed us kindness and love.
Titus 3:5 We are not saved by our good deeds, but by God's kindness. He saved us by giving us a new birth and a fresh start through the Holy Spirit.
Titus 3:6 He gave to us generously through Jesus Christ our Savior.
Titus 3:7 Being made right with God by His kindness, we should become inheritors based on the hope of everlasting life.
Titus 3:8 This true saying I want you to always confirm: those who trust in God should work hard to do good. These actions are good and helpful to people.
Titus 3:9 Stay away from silly questions, family histories, arguments, and fights about the law; they are useless and pointless.
Titus 3:10 Turn away from someone who keeps causing divisions after being warned once and then again.
Titus 3:11 Understand that someone like that has gone wrong, is sinning, and has judged himself guilty.
Titus 3:12 When I send Artemas or Tychicus to you, make sure to join me in Nicopolis, because I plan to stay there during the winter.
Titus 3:13 Take care to help Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey carefully, so they lack nothing.
Titus 3:14 Let ours also learn to do good deeds for important needs, so they are not unproductive.
Titus 3:15 Everyone with me says hello to you. Say hi to those who love us because of our shared faith. May kindness be with all of you. Goodbye.

Philemon 1:1 Paul, a prisoner for Jesus Christ, and Timothy, our brother, to Philemon, our dear friend and coworker.
Philemon 1:2 To our dear friend Apphia, and Archippus our comrade in arms, and the church that meets in your home:
Philemon 1:3 May you have kindness and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:4 I thank God, always mentioning you in my prayers.
Philemon 1:5 Hearing about your love and faith in Jesus, and for all God's people;
Philemon 1:6 May your faith become strong as you realize all the good things we have in Jesus.
Philemon 1:7 We are very happy and comforted by your love, because you, brother, have refreshed the hearts of God's holy people.
Philemon 1:8 Although I could be confident in Christ to instruct you to do what is right,
Philemon 1:9 For love's sake, I prefer to ask you kindly, since I am Paul, an old man, and now also a prisoner for Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:10 I ask you for my son Onesimus, who became my child while I was in chains.
Philemon 1:11 Before, this was not useful to you, but now it is useful to both of us.
Philemon 1:12 I have sent him back to you, so please welcome him, as he is dear to me.
Philemon 1:13 I wanted to keep him with me so he could help me while I am imprisoned for spreading the gospel, doing your work.
Philemon 1:14 I wouldn't do anything without your agreement, so your kindness is freely given, not forced.
Philemon 1:15 Maybe he left for a while so you could have him back forever.
Philemon 1:16 No longer as a servant, but more than a servant, a dear brother, especially to me, but even more to you, in person and in God.
Philemon 1:17 If you consider me a partner, welcome him as you would me.
Philemon 1:18 If he has wronged you or owes you anything, charge it to my account.
Philemon 1:19 I, Paul, wrote this with my own hand and will pay it back. But I won't remind you that you owe me your very self as well.
Philemon 1:20 Yes, brother, let me find joy in you through God: give me comfort and support in God.
Philemon 1:21 Trusting in your willingness to follow, I wrote to you, knowing you will do even more than I ask.
Philemon 1:22 Please also get a room ready for me, because I believe that thanks to your prayers, I will be able to come to you.
Philemon 1:23 Epaphras, who is in prison with me for following Jesus, sends you greetings.
Philemon 1:24 Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, Luke, my fellow workers.
Philemon 1:25 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.

Hebrews 1:1 God spoke to our ancestors through the prophets at different times and in various ways in the past.
Hebrews 1:2 In these last days, God has spoken to us through his Son, whom he made the heir of everything and who also created the universe.
Hebrews 1:3 He shines with God's glory and is the exact likeness of God, holding everything together with his powerful word. After he had cleaned away our sins, he sat down at the place of honor beside the great God in heaven.
Hebrews 1:4 He is made much better than the angels because he inherited a more excellent name than theirs.
Hebrews 1:5 To which angel did God ever say, "You are my Son, today I have become your Father"? And again, "I will be his Father, and he will be my Son"?
Hebrews 1:6 When he brings his firstborn into the world, he says, "Let all God's angels worship him."
Hebrews 1:7 About the angels, God says, "He makes his angels spirits, and his servants flames of fire."
Hebrews 1:8 God says to the Son, "Your throne, O God, lasts forever and ever; a scepter of righteousness is the scepter of your kingdom."
Hebrews 1:9 You have loved what is right and hated what is wrong; therefore, God, your God, has chosen you and made you happier than your friends with the oil of joy.
Hebrews 1:10 And, you, God, at the start created the earth's foundation; and you made the skies with your hands.
Hebrews 1:11 They will disappear, but you will last; and they will all grow old like clothes.
Hebrews 1:12 Like clothes you roll up, they will be changed, but you stay the same, and your years will never end.
Hebrews 1:13 But to which angel did God ever say, "Sit at my right side until I make your enemies a place to rest your feet"?
Hebrews 1:14 Aren't they all serving spirits, sent to help those who will inherit salvation?

Hebrews 2:1 So we should pay careful attention to what we have heard, so that we don't forget it.
Hebrews 2:2 If the message given by angels was firm, and every wrongdoing and disobedience got a fair punishment;
Hebrews 2:3 How can we escape if we ignore such a great salvation; first announced by the Lord, and confirmed to us by those who heard him?
Hebrews 2:4 God also showed support for them with signs, wonders, various miracles, and gifts of the Holy Spirit, as God wanted.
Hebrews 2:5 God did not give angels control of the future world we talk about.
Hebrews 2:6 Someone in a certain place said, "What is man, that you think about him? Or a human being that you take care of him?"
Hebrews 2:7 You made him a little lower than the angels; you crowned him with glory and honor, and you put him in charge of all you made.
Hebrews 2:8 You have placed everything under his control. Because by making everything under his control, you did not leave anything out of his control. But now we do not see everything under his control yet.
Hebrews 2:9 We see Jesus, made a bit lower than angels to suffer death, now crowned with glory and honor; so by God's kindness, he might experience death for everyone.
Hebrews 2:10 It was right for God, for whom and by whom everything exists, to bring many children to glory by making the leader of their salvation perfect through what he suffered.
Hebrews 2:11 The one who makes holy and those being made holy all have the same Father. That's why he isn't embarrassed to call them brothers.
Hebrews 2:12 I will tell my brothers about you, God; I will sing your praises in the church.
Hebrews 2:13 I will trust in God again. And again, look at me and the children God has given me.
Hebrews 2:14 Since the children have flesh and blood, he too shared in their humanity so that by his death he could defeat the one who had the power of death, that is, the devil.
Hebrews 2:15 Free those who, because they were afraid of death, were slaves their whole lives.
Hebrews 2:16 Truly, he did not take on an angel's nature, but he took on the nature of Abraham's descendants.
Hebrews 2:17 So in every way he had to become like his brothers and sisters, so he could be a kind and trustworthy high priest in matters related to God, and to bring about forgiveness for the people's sins.
Hebrews 2:18 Because he himself was tempted and suffered, he can help those who are tempted.

Hebrews 3:1 Therefore, holy brothers and sisters, who share in the call from heaven, think about Jesus, the messenger and high priest we profess.
Hebrews 3:2 He was loyal to God who chose him, just like Moses was loyal in every part of God's house.
Hebrews 3:3 This man was considered more glorious than Moses, because the one who builds the house is more honored than the house itself.
Hebrews 3:4 Every house is built by someone, but God is the one who built everything.
Hebrews 3:5 Moses was truly loyal in all God's house as a servant, to witness what would be said later.
Hebrews 3:6 But Christ is like a son in charge of his own home, and we are that home if we keep our courage and the joy of our hope strong until the end.
Hebrews 3:7 Therefore, (as God says, today if you listen to his voice,
Hebrews 3:8 Do not make your hearts hard as you did when you tested me in the desert.
Hebrews 3:9 When your ancestors tested me, they saw what I could do for forty years.
Hebrews 3:10 So I was upset with those people and said, "They always go wrong in their hearts; they have never understood my ways."
Hebrews 3:11 I swore in my anger, they will not enter my place of rest.
Hebrews 3:12 Be careful, friends, so none of you have an evil, unbelieving heart that turns away from the living God.
Hebrews 3:13 Encourage each other every day, while it is still called "Today," so that none of you become stubborn because of sin's trickery.
Hebrews 3:14 We share in Christ if we keep our first confidence firm to the end.
Hebrews 3:15 Today, if you will listen to his voice, do not harden your hearts as you did during the rebellion.
Hebrews 3:16 Some who heard God's message made him angry, but not everyone who left Egypt with Moses did so.
Hebrews 3:17 But who made God upset for 40 years? Was it not those who sinned, whose bodies dropped dead in the desert?
Hebrews 3:18 And who did God promise would not enter his place of rest? It was those who did not believe.
Hebrews 3:19 So we understand they couldn't go in because they did not believe.

Hebrews 4:1 Let us be careful then that none of you fail to reach the rest that God promised.
Hebrews 4:2 The good news was told to us just like it was to them. But the message they heard didn't help them, because they didn't trust when they listened.
Hebrews 4:3 We who believe enter into rest, just as God said, "I swore in my anger they would not enter my rest," even though the works were done since the beginning of the world.
Hebrews 4:4 He talked about the seventh day like this: God rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Hebrews 4:5 And in this place again, if they will enter into my peace.
Hebrews 4:6 So, it's clear some people will still enter, but those who first heard the message did not because they did not believe.
Hebrews 4:7 He sets a specific day, calling it "Today," as David did after a long time, saying, "If you hear God's voice today, do not make your hearts stubborn."
Hebrews 4:8 If Jesus had given them rest, he would not have spoken about another day later on.
Hebrews 4:9 So there is still a rest for God's people.
Hebrews 4:10 Whoever enters into rest also stops working just like God did from his own.
Hebrews 4:11 Let us work hard to enter that rest so that no one will fall by following the same path of disbelief.
Hebrews 4:12 God's message is alive, strong, and sharper than any double-edged sword. It cuts deep, even separating the soul and spirit, joints and marrow, and it can tell what the heart thinks and wants.
Hebrews 4:13 No creature is hidden from God; everything is completely exposed to his view.
Hebrews 4:14 Since we have a great priest who has gone into heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let's keep strongly to our faith.
Hebrews 4:15 We don't have a high priest who can't understand our weaknesses; He was tempted in every way just like us, but He did not sin.
Hebrews 4:16 Let us then go confidently to God's throne of grace to receive mercy and find grace that will help us when we need it.

Hebrews 5:1 Every high priest chosen from people is appointed for people in matters related to God, so he can present both gifts and sacrifices for sins.
Hebrews 5:2 Who can understand those who don't know, and those who have lost their way? Because that person also has weaknesses.
Hebrews 5:3 For this reason, he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people and also for himself.
Hebrews 5:4 No one takes this honor for themselves, but only those called by God, just like Aaron was.
Hebrews 5:5 Christ did not give himself the honor of becoming a high priest; but God, who told him, "You are my Son, today I have become your father," did.
Hebrews 5:6 God also says in another place, "You are a priest forever in the way of Melchizedek."
Hebrews 5:7 During his time on earth, when he prayed and pleaded with loud crying and tears to God, who could save him from death, he was heard because he respected God.
Hebrews 5:8 Even though he was a son, he learned to obey through what he went through.
Hebrews 5:9 When he became perfect, he caused everlasting salvation for all who obey him.
Hebrews 5:10 God chose him to be a high priest like Melchisedec.
Hebrews 5:11 We have much to say about this, but it is difficult because you are slow to listen.
Hebrews 5:12 By now you should be teachers, but you need someone to teach you the basics of God's message again. You're like babies who need milk, not solid food.
Hebrews 5:13 Everyone who drinks milk is not experienced in the teaching of right living because they are like a baby.
Hebrews 5:14 Solid food is for grown-ups, who have trained their senses to tell right from wrong through practice.

Hebrews 6:1 So, moving beyond the basic teachings about Christ, let's grow towards complete understanding, without going over the beginning lessons about turning away from useless actions and believing in God again.
Hebrews 6:2 About the teaching of baptisms, the act of placing hands, the rising of the dead, and forever judgment.
Hebrews 6:3 We will do this if God allows it.
Hebrews 6:4 It's impossible for those who once understood, enjoyed the gift from heaven, and shared in the Holy Spirit.
Hebrews 6:5 And have experienced the good message of God and the powers of the future world.
Hebrews 6:6 If they turn away again after knowing the truth, it's impossible to bring them back to change their ways; because they are like they are crucifying God's Son all over again, and shaming him publicly.
Hebrews 6:7 The land that soaks up the frequent rain and produces useful plants for the people who take care of it gets blessings from God.
Hebrews 6:8 The plant that grows thorns and briers is useless, close to being cursed, and its fate is to be burned.
Hebrews 6:9 Dear friends, we are confident of better things in your case, things that go with being saved, even though we talk like this.
Hebrews 6:10 God is fair and won't forget the work and love you showed for His name by serving His holy people, and you still serve them.
Hebrews 6:11 We want each of you to show the same hard work to be fully sure of your hope until the end.
Hebrews 6:12 Work hard and follow those who, with faith and patience, receive what God has promised.
Hebrews 6:13 When God promised Abraham, because there was no one greater to swear by, he swore by himself.
Hebrews 6:14 I will surely bless you and give you many descendants.
Hebrews 6:15 After waiting patiently, he received the promise.
Hebrews 6:16 People truly make promises by someone greater, and an oath ends all arguments for them.
Hebrews 6:17 God, wanting to show the heirs of the promise his unchanging plan more clearly, guaranteed it with an oath.
Hebrews 6:18 Through two unchangeable things, where it is impossible for God to lie, we can have strong comfort, as we have run to take hold of the hope offered to us.
Hebrews 6:19 We have hope as an anchor for the soul, strong and secure, that reaches behind the curtain.
Hebrews 6:20 Jesus, our forerunner, has entered there for us and become a high priest forever, in the same way as Melchizedek.

Hebrews 7:1 Melchizedek, the king of Salem and priest of God most high, met Abraham as he returned from defeating the kings and blessed him.
Hebrews 7:2 Abraham gave him a tenth of everything. He is first called the King of Righteousness, then also the King of Salem, meaning King of Peace.
Hebrews 7:3 Without a father or mother, without family history, having no start or end to life; but made similar to God's Son; remains a priest forever.
Hebrews 7:4 Think about how important this man was, to whom even Abraham, the ancestor, gave a tenth of the goods he won.
Hebrews 7:5 Truly, the descendants of Levi who become priests are commanded to collect a tenth part of the people's goods by the law, even from their own relatives who are also descendants of Abraham.
Hebrews 7:6 The person who did not come from Abraham's family line still got a tenth of what Abraham had, and blessed Abraham who had been given God's promises.
Hebrews 7:7 Without any doubt, the lesser is blessed by the greater.
Hebrews 7:8 Here, people who will die collect tithes; but there, God collects them, who is known to be alive.
Hebrews 7:9 I can also say that Levi, who gets tithes, paid tithes through Abraham.
Hebrews 7:10 He was still in his father's body when Melchisedec met him.
Hebrews 7:11 So if the Levitical priests could have made everything perfect, (because under them the people got the law,) why did we need another priest like Melchisedec instead of one from Aaron's family?
Hebrews 7:12 When the priesthood is changed, the law must be changed as well.
Hebrews 7:13 He about whom these things are said belongs to a different tribe, one that has no one serving at the altar.
Hebrews 7:14 It is clear that our Lord came from the tribe of Judah, a tribe Moses said nothing about regarding priests.
Hebrews 7:15 It's even clearer that another priest comes who is like Melchisedec.
Hebrews 7:16 He was chosen not by the rule of a physical command, but by the power of a life that never ends.
Hebrews 7:17 He says, "You are a priest forever, following the way of Melchizedek."
Hebrews 7:18 Truly, the old rule is cancelled because it was weak and useless.
Hebrews 7:19 The law made nothing perfect, but a better hope did, and through this we come close to God.
Hebrews 7:20 Because God made a promise, he became a priest.
Hebrews 7:21 The previous priests became priests without a promise, but this priest was chosen with a promise when God said to him, "I have promised, and I will not change my mind: you will be a priest forever, just like Melchizedek."
Hebrews 7:22 Jesus became a guaranteed promise of a better agreement.
Hebrews 7:23 There were many priests, because they could not continue their work when they died.
Hebrews 7:24 This man has a permanent priesthood because he lives forever.
Hebrews 7:25 He can fully save those who come to God through him, because he always lives to speak for them.
Hebrews 7:26 A high priest like this suits us, holy, innocent, pure, apart from sinners, and raised above the heavens.
Hebrews 7:27 He doesn't need to offer sacrifices every day like the high priests, who first do it for their own sins, then for the people’s sins. He did this once for all when he sacrificed himself.
Hebrews 7:28 The law appoints men as high priests even though they have weaknesses; but the promise that came after the law appoints the Son, who is made perfect forever.

Hebrews 8:1 Here's the main point of what we've said: We have a high priest who sits at the right side of the throne of God in heaven.
Hebrews 8:2 A servant of the holy place and the real tent that God set up, not humans.
Hebrews 8:3 Every high priest is chosen to give gifts and sacrifices, so this man must have something to offer too.
Hebrews 8:4 If he were on earth, he wouldn't be a priest because there are already priests who give gifts following the law.
Hebrews 8:5 Those who serve are working with a copy and shadow of the things in heaven, just as Moses was warned by God when he was about to build the tent: God told him, "Make sure you make everything according to the design shown to you on the mountain."
Hebrews 8:6 He now has a greater service because he is the mediator of a better agreement, which is based on better promises.
Hebrews 8:7 If the first agreement had been perfect, there would be no need to look for a second one.
Hebrews 8:8 Because he found faults with them, God says, "Look, the time is coming when I will make a new agreement with the people of Israel and the people of Judah."
Hebrews 8:9 This is not like the agreement I made with their ancestors when I took their hand to guide them out of Egypt; they did not keep my agreement, so I ignored them, says God.
Hebrews 8:10 This is the agreement that I will set up with the people of Israel after that time, says God; I will place my rules in their minds and write them on their hearts. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
Hebrews 8:11 They won't need to teach their neighbors or their brothers, saying, 'Know God,' because everyone, from the least to the greatest, will know me.
Hebrews 8:12 I will be kind to their wrongs, and I will not remember their sins and bad acts anymore.
Hebrews 8:13 By saying "a new agreement," he has made the first one old. And what is getting old and wearing out will soon disappear.

Hebrews 9:1 Truly, the first agreement also had rules for worshiping God, and a sanctuary on earth.
Hebrews 9:2 They set up a tent; the first part had a lampstand, a table, and bread on display; this area is called the holy place.
Hebrews 9:3 Beyond the second curtain was the part of the tent called the Most Holy Place.
Hebrews 9:4 It had the golden incense burner and the gold-covered covenant chest, which held the gold jar of manna, Aaron's staff that sprouted leaves, and the stone tablets of the covenant.
Hebrews 9:5 Above it were glorious angels covering the mercy seat; we cannot discuss this in detail now.
Hebrews 9:6 After these rules were set, the priests regularly entered the first part of the tent to perform God's work.
Hebrews 9:7 The high priest alone went into the second room once a year, and always with blood, which he offered for himself and the people's mistakes.
Hebrews 9:8 The Holy Spirit shows that the way into the most holy place was not clear while the first tent was still in use.
Hebrews 9:9 This represented the present time, where gifts and sacrifices were given that could not make the worshiper completely clear in conscience.
Hebrews 9:10 This referred only to food, drinks, various cleansings, and physical rules given to them until a time of change.
Hebrews 9:11 But Christ has come as a high priest of the good things that will happen, through a greater and more perfect place of worship, not built by hand, that is, not of this creation.
Hebrews 9:12 Not with the blood of goats and calves, but with his own blood, he went into the holy place once and got forever salvation for us.
Hebrews 9:13 If the blood of bulls and goats and the ashes of a young cow sprinkled on the unclean make the body clean.
Hebrews 9:14 How much more will Christ's blood, who offered himself to God without any fault through the eternal Spirit, clean your conscience from useless actions so you can serve the living God?
Hebrews 9:15 For this reason, he is the mediator of the new agreement, so that through death, to free those who sinned under the first agreement, those who are invited can receive the promised eternal inheritance.
Hebrews 9:16 For there to be a will, the person who made it must die.
Hebrews 9:17 A will only takes effect when someone dies; it has no power while the person who made it is alive.
Hebrews 9:18 The first agreement was not made without using blood.
Hebrews 9:19 After Moses told all the rules to the people, he took the blood of calves and goats with water, red wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled it on the book and all the people.
Hebrews 9:20 This is the blood of the agreement which God has commanded for you.
Hebrews 9:21 He also sprinkled blood on both the tent and all the items used for service.
Hebrews 9:22 Almost everything is cleansed with blood by the law; and without blood being shed, there is no forgiveness.
Hebrews 9:23 So it was essential to clean the copies of heavenly things with these methods, but the heavenly things needed better offerings than these.
Hebrews 9:24 Christ did not enter a sanctuary made by humans, which is only a copy of the real one, but into heaven itself to be with God on our behalf.
Hebrews 9:25 He doesn't need to offer himself many times, like the high priest who goes into the sacred place every year with blood that is not his own.
Hebrews 9:26 Since the world began, he would have had to suffer many times. But now, he has come once at the end of the ages to remove sin by sacrificing himself.
Hebrews 9:27 Everyone is meant to die once and after that comes judgment.
Hebrews 9:28 Christ was offered once to take away the sins of many; and he will appear a second time, not to deal with sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him.

Hebrews 10:1 The law has only a shadow of the good things that will come, not the real things themselves. So it can never make perfect those who come to God by the same sacrifices they offer continually every year.
Hebrews 10:2 If that were true, wouldn't the offerings have stopped? Because the worshippers would be cleansed and no longer feel guilty for their sins.
Hebrews 10:3 In those sacrifices, they recall sins every year.
Hebrews 10:4 Bull and goat blood cannot remove sins.
Hebrews 10:5 When he enters the world, he says, "You did not want sacrifices and offerings, but you prepared a body for me."
Hebrews 10:6 You did not find joy in burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin.
Hebrews 10:7 I said, "Look, I am coming to do your will, God, as it is written about me in the book."
Hebrews 10:8 God did not want sacrifices, burnt offerings, or sin offerings, which are given according to the law.
Hebrews 10:9 He said, "Look, I come to do your will, God. He removes the first to set up the second."
Hebrews 10:10 Through this will, we are made holy by the sacrifice of Jesus Christ's body, once for all.
Hebrews 10:11 Every priest stands every day to serve and often gives the same sacrifices that can never remove sins.
Hebrews 10:12 This man offered one sacrifice for sins forever and then sat down at God's right side.
Hebrews 10:13 From now on waiting until his enemies are turned into his footrest.
Hebrews 10:14 With one sacrifice, he has made perfect forever those who are made holy.
Hebrews 10:15 The Holy Spirit is also a witness to us because he had previously said,
Hebrews 10:16 This is the promise I will make with them after that time, says God: I will place my laws in their hearts, and I will write them in their minds.
Hebrews 10:17 I will not remember their sins and wrongs anymore.
Hebrews 10:18 When these have been forgiven, there is no need for any more sacrifices for sin.
Hebrews 10:19 So, friends, we can confidently go into the most sacred place because of Jesus' blood.
Hebrews 10:20 Through a new and living way he made for us, going through the curtain, which is his body.
Hebrews 10:21 We have a great priest in charge of God's house.
Hebrews 10:22 Let's come close with a true heart, fully sure of our faith, with hearts cleaned from bad thoughts, and bodies washed with clean water.
Hebrews 10:23 Let's firmly keep our faith without doubting; (because God who promised is trustworthy;)
Hebrews 10:24 Let's think about each other to encourage love and good deeds.
Hebrews 10:25 Don't stop meeting together, as some do, but encourage each other, especially as you see the day coming closer.
Hebrews 10:26 If we choose to sin after knowing the truth, there is no more sacrifice left for sins.
Hebrews 10:27 A scary expectation of judgment and burning anger, which will consume the enemies.
Hebrews 10:28 Anyone who ignored Moses' law was put to death without pity on the testimony of two or three people.
Hebrews 10:29 How much worse punishment do you think will be given to someone who has stepped on the Son of God, treated the blood of the agreement that made him holy as nothing special, and insulted the Spirit of kindness?
Hebrews 10:30 We know the one who said, "It is my job to take revenge; I will pay them back," says God. And again, "God will judge his people."
Hebrews 10:31 Being in the power of the living God can be very frightening.
Hebrews 10:32 Remember the early days when, after you were enlightened, you faced many hard struggles.
Hebrews 10:33 You were publicly shamed and suffered, and you stood by those who were treated the same way.
Hebrews 10:34 You felt sorry for me in my chains, and happily accepted losing your things because you knew you have something better and lasting in heaven.
Hebrews 10:35 Do not give up your confidence; it will bring a great reward.
Hebrews 10:36 You need patience, so that after doing God's will, you can receive what was promised.
Hebrews 10:37 In just a short time, the one who will come, will come and won't delay.
Hebrews 10:38 The good person will live by trusting in God; but if someone turns away, God will not be pleased with that person.
Hebrews 10:39 We are not those who turn back and are destroyed, but those who have faith and save their souls.

Hebrews 11:1 Faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Hebrews 11:2 By it, the older people earned praise.
Hebrews 11:3 By believing, we know that God made the worlds with His command, so that what we see was not made from what we can see.
Hebrews 11:4 By trusting, Abel gave God a better offering than Cain, and it showed he was good, with God confirming his gifts; even after his death, he still speaks through it.
Hebrews 11:5 Through faith, Enoch was taken up so he wouldn't experience death; and he was not found, because God had taken him up. Before he was taken up, it was known that he pleased God.
Hebrews 11:6 Without faith, you cannot please God: whoever approaches God must believe that God exists and that he rewards those who earnestly search for him.
Hebrews 11:7 Trusting in God, Noah, who was warned about things still unseen, built an ark out of fear to save his family; by doing this, he showed the world was wrong and became the rightful owner of the goodness that comes from faith.
Hebrews 11:8 Abraham trusted God, and when he was told to go to a land he would later get as his own, he obeyed and left, even though he didn't know where he was going.
Hebrews 11:9 Through trust, he lived as a foreigner in the promised land, staying in tents with Isaac and Jacob, who were also promised the same inheritance.
Hebrews 11:10 He was looking for a city with solid foundations, built by God.
Hebrews 11:11 Sarah's faith gave her the power to have a child, even when she was too old, because she believed God who promised it.
Hebrews 11:12 From just one man, almost dead, came as many descendants as there are stars in the sky or grains of sand by the sea—too many to count.
Hebrews 11:13 All these people died still believing what God had promised them. They did not receive what was promised, but they saw it all from a distance and welcomed it. They agreed that they were just visitors and travelers on earth.
Hebrews 11:14 People who say these things make it clear that they are looking for a homeland.
Hebrews 11:15 Truly, if they had thought of the country they left, they could have found a chance to go back.
Hebrews 11:16 But now they want a better place, that is, a heavenly one. So, God is not ashamed to be called their God because he has made a city for them.
Hebrews 11:17 Abraham, because of his faith, when tested, was willing to sacrifice Isaac. And this man, who was given God's promises, was ready to sacrifice his only son.
Hebrews 11:18 God said your descendants will be named through Isaac.
Hebrews 11:19 Believing that God could bring him back to life, even from death; which is also how he figuratively got him back.
Hebrews 11:20 With trust, Isaac gave blessings to Jacob and Esau for their future.
Hebrews 11:21 In faith, when Jacob was near death, he gave a blessing to both of Joseph's sons and worshiped God, resting on his staff.
Hebrews 11:22 Joseph, trusting in God, talked about the Israelites leaving Egypt before he died, and gave instructions about what should be done with his bones.
Hebrews 11:23 Moses' parents hid him for three months after he was born because they saw he was a special child and they were not scared of the king's order.
Hebrews 11:24 By faith, when Moses grew up, he chose not to be called Pharaoh's daughter's son.
Hebrews 11:25 Choosing to endure hardship with God's people instead of enjoying short-lived sinful pleasures.
Hebrews 11:26 Valuing the shame of following Christ as greater wealth than the treasures of Egypt, because he looked forward to the reward.
Hebrews 11:27 Through trust, he left Egypt, not scared of the king's anger; because he stayed strong, as if seeing God who can't be seen.
Hebrews 11:28 By believing, he held the passover and put blood on the doorposts so the destroyer of the first children would not touch them.
Hebrews 11:29 Through faith, they crossed the Red Sea on dry ground, but when the Egyptians tried to do the same, they drowned.
Hebrews 11:30 By believing, the walls of Jericho fell after people marched around them for seven days.
Hebrews 11:31 By trusting, Rahab the prostitute did not die with those who did not believe, when she welcomed the spies peacefully.
Hebrews 11:32 What more can I say? I don't have enough time to talk about Gideon, Barak, Samson, Jephthah, David, Samuel, and the prophets.
Hebrews 11:33 People with faith overcame kingdoms, did what is right, received what was promised, and shut lions' mouths.
Hebrews 11:34 Put out fires, avoided being killed by swords, became strong from being weak, grew brave in battle, and made foreign armies run away.
Hebrews 11:35 Women got back their dead, raised to life again. Others were tortured and did not accept rescue, so they could have a better resurrection.
Hebrews 11:36 Others faced mean teasing and whippings, and were also put in chains and jail.
Hebrews 11:37 They were hit with stones, cut into pieces, tested, and killed with swords. They moved around in sheep and goat skins, poor, suffering, and in pain.
Hebrews 11:38 The world did not deserve them: they roamed through deserts, in mountains, and in holes and caves of the ground.
Hebrews 11:39 Even though they were praised for their faith, they did not receive what God promised.
Hebrews 11:40 God has prepared something better for us, so that they would not reach perfection without us.

Hebrews 12:1 Since we are surrounded by so many examples, let's get rid of every burden and the sin that trips us up, and run with endurance the race ahead of us.
Hebrews 12:2 Focusing on Jesus, the starter and completer of our faith; who, because of the joy awaiting him, went through the suffering of the cross, ignored its disgrace, and is now seated at the place of honor beside God's throne.
Hebrews 12:3 Think about how he put up with so much opposition from sinners, so you won't get tired and give up in your minds.
Hebrews 12:4 You haven't fought against sin to the point of shedding blood.
Hebrews 12:5 You have forgotten the encouragement that speaks to you like children, "My child, do not hate God's discipline, nor give up when you are corrected by him."
Hebrews 12:6 God corrects those he loves and disciplines every child he accepts.
Hebrews 12:7 If you accept discipline, God treats you like children; because what child is not disciplined by their father?
Hebrews 12:8 If you are not disciplined, which everyone undergoes, then you are not true children but are like those without a father.
Hebrews 12:9 We had earthly fathers who disciplined us and we respected them. Shouldn't we submit even more to the Father of our spirits and live?
Hebrews 12:10 They disciplined us for a short time as they thought best; but God does it for our good, so that we can share in his holiness.
Hebrews 12:11 At the moment, discipline doesn't seem pleasant but painful. But later, it gives those who are trained by it a peaceful reward of doing right.
Hebrews 12:12 So, raise your drooping hands and strengthen your weak knees.
Hebrews 12:13 Make straight paths for your feet, so the injured may not be led astray but may heal instead.
Hebrews 12:14 Seek peace with everyone and live a holy life, because without holiness no one will see God.
Hebrews 12:15 Watch carefully so no one misses out on God's grace; so that no bitter root grows and causes you trouble, making many impure.
Hebrews 12:16 Make sure no one is sexually immoral or godless like Esau, who sold his rights as the firstborn for a single meal.
Hebrews 12:17 You know that later, when he wanted to receive the blessing, he was turned away because he could not change what had happened, even though he cried and tried hard to.
Hebrews 12:18 You have not come to a mountain you can touch, one that burns with fire, or to darkness, gloom, and storms.
Hebrews 12:19 They heard the trumpet and a voice speaking words; those who heard the voice begged that no more words would be spoken to them.
Hebrews 12:20 They couldn't stand the command that if even an animal touched the mountain, it must be stoned or shot with an arrow.
Hebrews 12:21 The sight was so frightening that Moses said, "I am very scared and shaking."
Hebrews 12:22 You have come to Mount Zion, to the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to countless angels.
Hebrews 12:23 To the main gathering and community of the first children, whose names are in heaven, and to God the Judge of everyone, and to the spirits of good people made complete,
Hebrews 12:24 And to Jesus the go-between of the new agreement, and to the blood that was sprinkled, which speaks of better things than Abel's blood.
Hebrews 12:25 Make sure you do not ignore the one who is speaking. If those who ignored the one who spoke on earth did not get away, we will certainly not get away if we turn away from the one who speaks from heaven.
Hebrews 12:26 God's voice shook the earth before. But now he has promised, saying, "Once more I will shake not just the earth, but also the heavens."
Hebrews 12:27 This message, "Once more," means that what can be shaken will be removed, so that what cannot be shaken will stay.
Hebrews 12:28 Since we are given a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be grateful, so that we can worship God in a way that pleases Him, with respect and awe.
Hebrews 12:29 Our God is like a fire that burns everything up.

Hebrews 13:1 Keep loving each other like brothers and sisters.
Hebrews 13:2 Don't forget to welcome strangers, because by doing this some people have welcomed angels without realizing it.
Hebrews 13:3 Remember those in prison as if you were there with them, and think of those who are mistreated as if you were suffering too.
Hebrews 13:4 Marriage is respected by everyone, and the marriage bed should be kept pure. But God will judge those who sell sex and cheat in marriage.
Hebrews 13:5 Speak without wanting more, and be happy with what you have: because God has promised, I will always be with you and never abandon you.
Hebrews 13:6 We can say confidently, God helps me, so I will not be afraid of what anyone does to me.
Hebrews 13:7 Remember your leaders who taught you God's message; copy their faith, looking at how their lives ended.
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ is the same in the past, today, and forever.
Hebrews 13:9 Do not be led away by various and strange teachings. It is good for our hearts to be strengthened by kindness, not by food rules which have not helped those who follow them.
Hebrews 13:10 We have an altar that those who work in the place of worship have no right to eat from.
Hebrews 13:11 The bodies of those animals, whose blood the high priest brings into the holy place for sin, are burned outside the camp.
Hebrews 13:12 So Jesus, to make the people holy with his blood, suffered outside the city gate.
Hebrews 13:13 Let's go out to him outside the camp, carrying his shame.
Hebrews 13:14 We have no lasting city here, but we look for one in the future.
Hebrews 13:15 So let us always offer to God our praise, which is saying thanks to him with our words.
Hebrews 13:16 Don't forget to do good and to share with others: God is very pleased with these kinds of sacrifices.
Hebrews 13:17 Listen to those who lead you, and follow their guidance; they are responsible for your well-being and must explain their actions, so let them do so happily, not sadly, because that would be bad for you.
Hebrews 13:18 Pray for us, because we believe we have a clear conscience and want to live right in everything.
Hebrews 13:19 I urge you to do this so I can return to you more quickly.
Hebrews 13:20 Now the God of peace, who brought back our Lord Jesus from the dead, the great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the eternal promise,
Hebrews 13:21 Help you be complete in every good action to do his will, doing in you what pleases him, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory forever and ever. Amen.
Hebrews 13:22 And I ask you, friends, to accept these words of encouragement, for I have written a short letter to you.
Hebrews 13:23 Understand that our brother Timothy has been freed; if he arrives soon, I will visit you with him.
Hebrews 13:24 Greet all who lead you and all of God's people. Those in Italy send you greetings.
Hebrews 13:25 May God's kindness be with everyone. Amen.

James 1:1 James, a servant of God and Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes spread out, hello.
James 1:2 My friends, consider it a joy when you face many kinds of trials.
James 1:3 Understand that testing your faith develops patience.
James 1:4 Let patience finish its work so that you may be complete and whole, lacking nothing.
James 1:5 If anyone needs wisdom, ask God, who gives freely to all without criticizing, and it will be given to you.
James 1:6 Ask with strong belief, without doubting. Because someone who doubts is like a wave in the sea, blown and thrown by the wind.
James 1:7 Let that person not expect to receive anything from God.
James 1:8 A person with two minds is unsteady in everything they do.
James 1:9 Let the humble brother be happy because he is lifted up.
James 1:10 The rich person becomes humble, for like a flower in the grass they will fade away.
James 1:11 As soon as the sun rises with its hot heat, it dries up the grass, the flowers fall, and their beauty disappears: in the same way, the rich person will wilt in their life's path.
James 1:12 Happy is the person who keeps going through hard times because when he passes the test, he will get the reward of life that God has promised to those who love Him.
James 1:13 No one should say when they are tempted, "I am being tempted by God," because God cannot be tempted by evil, and he does not tempt anyone.
James 1:14 A person is tempted when they are pulled by their own desires and trapped.
James 1:15 When desire becomes strong, it leads to sin, and sin, when it's fully grown, results in death.
James 1:16 Don't make a mistake, my dear friends.
James 1:17 Every good and perfect gift comes from above, from the God of light, who never changes or casts shifting shadows.
James 1:18 God, by His own choice, gave us new life through the true message, so we might be the first and best of all He created.
James 1:19 My dear friends, everyone should be quick to listen, slow to talk, and slow to get angry.
James 1:20 Human anger does not produce the goodness that God wants.
James 1:21 Set aside all dirtiness and excess badness, and with humility accept the word planted in you, which can save your souls.
James 1:22 Do what the message says, not just listen to it, or you will be fooling yourselves.
James 1:23 If someone listens to God's word but doesn't put it into practice, they are like a person who looks at their face in a mirror.
James 1:24 He looks at himself, then leaves, and quickly forgets what kind of person he was.
James 1:25 Whoever looks into the perfect law that gives freedom and keeps doing it, not forgetting what they heard but doing the work, will be blessed in what they do.
James 1:26 If someone appears to be religious but doesn't control their speech and fools themselves, their religion is worthless.
James 1:27 True and perfect religion in God's sight is this: to help orphans and widows when they are in need, and to keep oneself free from the world's corruption.

James 2:1 My brothers and sisters, do not combine faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, who is glorious, with favoritism.
James 2:2 If a man wearing a gold ring and fine clothes comes into your meeting, and a poor man in dirty clothes also comes in;
James 2:3 You favor the one in fancy clothes, telling him, "Sit here in a good spot," while you tell the poor person, "Stand there," or, "Sit by my feet."
James 2:4 Aren't you showing favoritism and judging with wrong thoughts?
James 2:5 Listen, my dear friends, hasn't God chosen the world's poor to be rich in faith and to inherit the kingdom he promised to those who love him?
James 2:6 You have looked down on the poor. Don't rich people bully you and drag you to court?
James 2:7 Aren't they insulting the honorable name you bear?
James 2:8 If you follow the important rule in the scripture, "Love your neighbor as yourself," you are doing well.
James 2:9 If you show favoritism, you sin and break the law.
James 2:10 Anyone who follows all of God's laws but fails in one aspect is guilty of breaking them all.
James 2:11 For the one who said, "Do not cheat in marriage," also said, "Do not kill." So if you don't cheat but you do kill, you are still breaking the law.
James 2:12 Talk and act like people who will be judged by the law of freedom.
James 2:13 He will be judged without mercy if he has not been merciful; but mercy triumphs over judgment.
James 2:14 What good is it, my friends, if someone claims to have faith but doesn't act on it? Can faith alone save him?
James 2:15 If a brother or sister has no clothes and lacks everyday food,
James 2:16 If one of you tells them, "Go in peace, stay warm and well fed," but doesn’t give them what their body needs, what good is it?
James 2:17 Likewise, if faith does not have actions, it is dead by itself.
James 2:18 Someone might say, "You have faith, and I do things." Show me your faith without doing anything, and I'll show you my faith by what I do.
James 2:19 You believe there is one God; that's good: even demons believe that, and they shake with fear.
James 2:20 Do you want to understand, foolish person, that faith without actions is useless?
James 2:21 Wasn't Abraham our father proved right by his actions when he was about to sacrifice his son Isaac on the altar?
James 2:22 Do you see how faith worked together with his actions, and through actions faith was made complete?
James 2:23 The scripture came true that says, Abraham trusted God, and it was counted to him as being right with God: and he was named God's Friend.
James 2:24 You see then that a person is made right by what they do and not by faith alone.
James 2:25 Rahab, the prostitute, was also accepted for her actions when she took in the messengers and sent them off by a different path, right?
James 2:26 Just like a body without its spirit is dead, so is faith without actions.

James 3:1 My friends, don't all try to be teachers, because we know that we will be judged more strictly.
James 3:2 We all make many mistakes. If someone does not make mistakes when they speak, they are perfect and can control their whole body too.
James 3:3 Look, we put pieces in horse's mouths so they follow us; we guide their whole body.
James 3:4 Look at the ships too. Even though they are big and strong winds push them, a tiny rudder can steer them wherever the pilot chooses.
James 3:5 The tongue is small, yet it talks about big things. See how a small fire can start something so huge!
James 3:6 The tongue is like a fire; it is full of wrong. It can spoil your whole life and is itself set on fire by hell.
James 3:7 Every kind of animal, bird, snake, and sea creature can be tamed and has been tamed by humans.
James 3:8 No one can control the tongue; it is a restless evil, filled with deadly poison.
James 3:9 We use our words to bless God, the Father, and with those same words, we curse people who are made to look like God.
James 3:10 From the same mouth come both blessings and curses. My brothers, this should not be the case.
James 3:11 Can a spring pour out both fresh and bitter water from the same opening?
James 3:12 My friends, can a fig tree produce olives, or a grapevine produce figs? Just as a spring can't give both salty and fresh water.
James 3:13 Who is wise and has knowledge among you? Let them show their good actions with a humble attitude that comes from wisdom.
James 3:14 If you feel bitter jealousy and conflict in your hearts, don't boast or deny the truth.
James 3:15 This wisdom does not come from heaven but is from the earth, appealing to our senses, and evil.
James 3:16 Where jealousy and conflict exist, confusion and all kinds of wrong actions are found.
James 3:17 The wisdom from above is first pure, then peaceful, kind, willing to listen, full of mercy and good actions, fair, and sincere.
James 3:18 The good results of right living are planted in peace by those who work for peace.

James 4:1 Where do your wars and battles with each other come from? Do they not come from your desires that battle within you?
James 4:2 You want things but don't have them. You kill and are jealous but still cannot get what you want. You argue and fight but don't have because you don't ask.
James 4:3 You ask but don't receive because you ask with wrong motives, wanting only to satisfy your desires.
James 4:4 You unfaithful men and women, don't you know that loving this world means being God's enemy? So if anyone chooses to be the world's friend, they become God's enemy.
James 4:5 Do you think the scripture says without reason that the spirit in us longs for what others have?
James 4:6 He gives more kindness. So he says, God opposes the proud, but gives kindness to the humble.
James 4:7 Obey God, then. Stand up against the devil, and he will run away from you.
James 4:8 Come close to God, and He will come close to you. Wash your hands, you sinners, and make your hearts pure, you who are unsure.
James 4:9 Feel sad, cry, and weep: may your laughter become crying, and your happiness become sadness.
James 4:10 Lower yourselves before God, and he will raise you up.
James 4:11 Do not speak badly about each other, friends. Whoever talks badly about a friend and judges them, speaks against the rules and judges the rules. But if you judge the rules, you are not following them but judging them.
James 4:12 There is one lawmaker, who can save and destroy: who are you to judge someone else?
James 4:13 Listen, those who say, "Today or tomorrow we will go to this city, stay there for a year, trade, and make a profit":
James 4:14 You don't know what will happen tomorrow. What is your life? It is like a mist that appears for a short while and then disappears.
James 4:15 You should say, "If God wants, we will live and do this or that."
James 4:16 But now you are happy with your bragging: all this kind of happiness is bad.
James 4:17 So if someone knows what is good to do and does not do it, for them it is wrong.

James 5:1 Listen now, you rich people, cry and wail because of the troubles that are going to happen to you.
James 5:2 Your wealth has gone bad, and your clothes have been eaten by moths.
James 5:3 Your gold and silver have corroded, and their corrosion will be evidence against you and eat your flesh like fire. You have stored up wealth for the last days.
James 5:4 Look, the pay of the workers who harvested your fields, which you unfairly kept from them, is calling out; and their cries have reached God's ears.
James 5:5 You have enjoyed life on Earth and lived recklessly; you have filled your hearts, as if it were a day to kill animals for feasting.
James 5:6 You condemned and killed the righteous person; he did not fight against you.
James 5:7 So, my friends, wait patiently for the Lord to come. Think about farmers who wait for their valuable crops to grow. They wait patiently for the rain in the fall and spring.
James 5:8 Be patient too; make your hearts strong because God's coming is near.
James 5:9 Do not hold grudges against each other, brothers, or you may be judged: see, the judge is right at the door.
James 5:10 Look at the prophets who spoke for God as examples of those who suffered and were patient.
James 5:11 Look, we think those who endure are happy. You have heard about Job's patience, and you know how God's story ended; God is very compassionate and kind.
James 5:12 My friends, don't make promises using the name of heaven or earth or anything else. Just say "yes" when you mean yes, and "no" when you mean no, so you won't be judged.
James 5:13 If any of you are having trouble, pray. If anyone is happy, sing songs of praise.
James 5:14 If anyone among you is sick, they should call for the church leaders to pray over them and anoint them with oil in God's name.
James 5:15 The faithful prayer will heal the sick, God will lift him up, and if he has sinned, he will be forgiven.
James 5:16 Admit your mistakes to each other, and pray for each other, so you can be healed. The powerful and earnest prayer of a good person has great impact.
James 5:17 Elijah was a person with feelings like ours, and he prayed hard for no rain: and it did not rain on the land for three years and six months.
James 5:18 He prayed once more, and the sky sent rain, and the land produced its crops.
James 5:19 Friends, if anyone of you wanders away from the truth and someone brings them back,
James 5:20 Let him understand that one who turns a sinner from the wrong path will save a soul from death and cover many sins.

1 Peter 1:1 Peter, a messenger of Jesus Christ, to the people living far away in Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,
1 Peter 1:2 Chosen by God the Father who knows everything ahead of time, through being made holy by the Spirit, to obey and to be cleansed by the blood of Jesus Christ: May grace and peace be given to you in large amounts.
1 Peter 1:3 Praise be to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, because of his great mercy, has given us new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
1 Peter 1:4 You will receive an inheritance that cannot be destroyed, stained, or fade, which is kept in heaven for you.
1 Peter 1:5 You are protected by God's power through faith for a salvation that will be revealed in the end.
1 Peter 1:6 You are very happy, even though now, for a little while, you may have to be sad because of many tests.
1 Peter 1:7 The test of your faith is much more valuable than gold that can be destroyed, even though it is tested by fire, so that it may result in praise, honor, and glory when Jesus Christ appears.
1 Peter 1:8 Even though you have not seen Him, you love Him; and even though you do not see Him now, you believe in Him and are filled with a joy that is so great you cannot describe it, and this joy is glorious.
1 Peter 1:9 Getting the result of your faith, the rescue of your souls.
1 Peter 1:10 The prophets who told about the grace that was to come to you searched carefully, wanting to know about this salvation.
1 Peter 1:11 They wanted to know what time or situation the Spirit of Christ within them was talking about when it predicted Christ's sufferings and the future glory.
1 Peter 1:12 It was shown to them that they were not serving themselves, but us, by telling the messages now given to you by those who shared the good news with you through the Holy Spirit sent from heaven—messages even angels long to understand.
1 Peter 1:13 Prepare your mind for action, stay alert, and keep your hope fully on the kindness you will receive when Jesus Christ is revealed.
1 Peter 1:14 As obedient children, do not shape your lives by the desires you had before, when you did not know better.
1 Peter 1:15 But since God who called you is holy, you too should be holy in every aspect of your life.
1 Peter 1:16 It is written, "Be holy, because I am holy."
1 Peter 1:17 If you ask God for help, who judges everyone fairly by their actions, live your time here with respect and caution.
1 Peter 1:18 You know you were not saved with things that can spoil, like silver and gold, from the empty way of life handed down to you from your ancestors.
1 Peter 1:19 With the valuable blood of Christ, like that of a perfect and spotless lamb:
1 Peter 1:20 He was truly chosen before the world was made, but now has been shown for you in these last days.
1 Peter 1:21 Through Jesus, you believe in God who brought him back from death and honored him, so your faith and hope can be in God.
1 Peter 1:22 Since you have made your souls pure by following the truth with the Spirit's help, leading to sincere love for others, make sure you love each other deeply and truly.
1 Peter 1:23 Being born again comes not from perishable seed, but imperishable, through God's word, which lives and lasts forever.
1 Peter 1:24 Everyone is like grass, and all their achievements are like the flowers of the field. The grass dries up, and its flowers fall off.
1 Peter 1:25 God's message lasts forever. And this is the message that is shared with you through the good news.

1 Peter 2:1 So put away all meanness, trickery, pretending, jealousy, and talking about others badly.
1 Peter 2:2 Like new babies, crave pure spiritual milk so you can grow because of it.
1 Peter 2:3 If you have experienced God's kindness.
1 Peter 2:4 Come to Him like you would to a living stone, which people have rejected but which God has chosen and values highly.
1 Peter 2:5 You too, like living stones, are being made into a spiritual temple, a sacred group of priests, to give spiritual offerings that please God through Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 2:6 The scripture says, "Look, I put a very important and chosen cornerstone in Zion. Whoever believes in him will not be embarrassed."
1 Peter 2:7 So for you who believe, he is valuable, but for those who don't obey, the stone the builders rejected has become the cornerstone.
1 Peter 2:8 A stumbling block and a rock that makes them fall, even for those who stumble over the message because they do not obey: this is what they were destined for.
1 Peter 2:9 You are a special group, chosen to be kings' priests and a holy nation, different from others; so you can show everyone how great God is, who brought you from darkness into his wonderful light.
1 Peter 2:10 Before, you were not a people, but now you are God's people; before, you did not receive mercy, but now you have received mercy.
1 Peter 2:11 Dear friends, I urge you as outsiders and travelers, to avoid bodily desires, which fight against the soul.
1 Peter 2:12 Live well among non-believers so even if they accuse you of doing wrong, they will see your good deeds and honor God when he examines us.
1 Peter 2:13 Obey all human laws for God's sake, whether they come from the king, who is highest.
1 Peter 2:14 Or to leaders, as to those sent by God to punish those who do wrong and to praise those who do right.
1 Peter 2:15 God wants you to do good so you can silence the foolish talk of ignorant people.
1 Peter 2:16 As free, but don't use your freedom to hide bad actions, instead live as God's servants.
1 Peter 2:17 Respect everyone. Love your fellow believers. Be in awe of God. Respect the leader.
1 Peter 2:18 Workers, obey your bosses with full respect; not just the kind and fair ones, but also the difficult ones.
1 Peter 2:19 It is good if someone bears pain for doing right because of their conscience toward God, even if they suffer unfairly.
1 Peter 2:20 What good is it if you endure punishment for doing wrong? But if you do right and still suffer for it, and endure it, this pleases God.
1 Peter 2:21 You were called to this because Christ suffered for us, giving us an example to follow his steps.
1 Peter 2:22 He did not sin and no deceit was in his mouth.
1 Peter 2:23 When people insulted him, he did not insult back; when he was hurt, he did not threaten them but trusted in God who judges fairly.
1 Peter 2:24 He carried our sins in his body on the cross so that we, free from sins, can live a good life. By his wounds, you have been healed.
1 Peter 2:25 You were like lost sheep; but now you have come back to the Shepherd and Guardian of your souls.

1 Peter 3:1 Wives, respect your husbands so that even if some do not believe the message, they may be convinced by their wives' way of life without needing words.
1 Peter 3:2 As they see your pure way of life with respect.
1 Peter 3:3 Don't focus on decorating yourself by braiding your hair, wearing gold jewelry, or dressing in fine clothes.
1 Peter 3:4 Let your inner self be gentle and calm, a lasting beauty precious to God.
1 Peter 3:5 In the past, holy women who trusted in God also made themselves beautiful by accepting their husbands' guidance.
1 Peter 3:6 Just like Sarah obeyed Abraham and called him lord, you are her daughters if you do good and are not frightened by anything scary.
1 Peter 3:7 Husbands, live with your wives wisely. Respect them as the weaker partner, sharing the gift of life together, so nothing will block your prayers.
1 Peter 3:8 Finally, all of you should agree with each other, be kind to one another, love like brothers and sisters, be compassionate, and be polite.
1 Peter 3:9 Do not repay evil with evil, or insults with insults. Instead, give blessings, because you are called to inherit a blessing.
1 Peter 3:10 To enjoy life and have good days, one should keep their tongue from evil and their lips from telling lies.
1 Peter 3:11 Avoid evil and do good; seek peace and follow it.
1 Peter 3:12 God watches over good people, and He listens to their prayers, but He opposes those who do wrong.
1 Peter 3:13 Who would want to hurt you if you are doing good?
1 Peter 3:14 If you suffer for doing right, you are blessed. Don't be scared or upset by their threats.
1 Peter 3:15 Set apart God in your hearts and always be prepared to explain your hope to anyone who asks, doing so gently and respectfully.
1 Peter 3:16 Keep a clear conscience so that those who speak badly of you as wrongdoers may feel ashamed for wrongly criticizing your good behavior as a follower of Christ.
1 Peter 3:17 It is better, if it is God's will, to suffer for doing good than for doing bad.
1 Peter 3:18 Christ also suffered once for sins, the righteous for the unrighteous, to bring us to God. He was put to death in the body but made alive by the Spirit.
1 Peter 3:19 He also went and spoke to the spirits in prison.
1 Peter 3:20 People who did not obey long ago, when God patiently waited during Noah's time while the ark was being built, were saved by water, only a few, that is, eight people.
1 Peter 3:21 This symbol, baptism, now saves us too—not by cleaning our bodies from dirt, but by giving us a clear conscience toward God, because of Jesus Christ's resurrection.
1 Peter 3:22 He has gone to heaven and sits at God's right side, with angels, authorities, and powers under his control.

1 Peter 4:1 Since Christ suffered for us in a human body, prepare yourselves with the same attitude: because anyone who has gone through such suffering is done with sin.
1 Peter 4:2 He should not spend the rest of his life following human desires, but following God's will.
1 Peter 4:3 The time we already lived is enough for us doing what non-believers do, when we followed desires, overdrank, partied, and worshipped idols in terrible ways.
1 Peter 4:4 They find it odd that you don't join them in their wild ways, and they speak badly of you.
1 Peter 4:5 Who must explain their actions to God, who is ready to judge the living and the dead.
1 Peter 4:6 The good news was also told to those who are dead, so they could be judged like living people, but live by God's ways in the spirit.
1 Peter 4:7 Everything is about to end, so be clear-minded and stay alert for prayer.
1 Peter 4:8 Above everything, love each other deeply because love covers many sins.
1 Peter 4:9 Welcome each other into your homes without complaining.
1 Peter 4:10 Each person has been given a gift; use it to help each other, as good caretakers of God's various blessings.
1 Peter 4:11 If someone speaks, they should speak as if speaking God's words; if anyone serves, they should do so with the strength God provides, so that in everything God may be praised through Jesus Christ. To him be the glory and power forever and ever. Amen.
1 Peter 4:12 Dear friends, do not be surprised at the hard test you are facing, as if something unusual is happening to you.
1 Peter 4:13 Be happy because you share in Christ's sufferings, so when his glory is shown, you can be very joyful too.
1 Peter 4:14 If people insult you because of Christ, you are blessed; because the glorious Spirit of God rests on you. They may speak badly of him, but you honor him.
1 Peter 4:15 Don't let any of you suffer for being a murderer, a thief, doing bad things, or interfering in other people's business.
1 Peter 4:16 If anyone suffers because they are a Christian, they should not feel ashamed; instead, they should praise God for it.
1 Peter 4:17 The time has come for God's judgment to start with us, God's people. And if it starts with us, what will happen to those who don't follow God's good news?
1 Peter 4:18 If it's hard for the good person to be saved, what will happen to the ungodly and the sinner?
1 Peter 4:19 So those who suffer because it's God's plan should trust God with their lives, as they continue to do good, just like they would trust a reliable maker.

1 Peter 5:1 I urge you, the older leaders among you, as I am also an older leader, a witness of Christ's sufferings, and one who will share in the glory to come.
1 Peter 5:2 Take care of God's flock that is with you, watch over them because you want to, not because you must, and not for money, but because you are eager to.
1 Peter 5:3 Not as bosses over God's people, but as examples to the group.
1 Peter 5:4 When the main Shepherd comes, you will get a crown of glory that never fades.
1 Peter 5:5 Young people, respect those who are older. Everyone should treat each other with respect and be humble, because God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble.
1 Peter 5:6 So be humble under God's powerful hand, and he will lift you up when the time is right.
1 Peter 5:7 Give all your worries to God, because he cares for you.
1 Peter 5:8 Stay alert and watchful, because your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion, looking for someone to eat.
1 Peter 5:9 Stand firm against him by being strong in your faith, knowing that believers all over the world are going through the same kind of suffering.
1 Peter 5:10 God, full of all grace, who has called you to his eternal glory through Christ Jesus, will, after you have suffered for a little while, make you perfect, firm, strong, and steady.
1 Peter 5:11 May he have glory and power forever. Amen.
1 Peter 5:12 Through Silvanus, who I believe is a loyal friend to you, I've written a short letter to encourage you and affirm that you are experiencing God's true kindness.
1 Peter 5:13 The church in Babylon, chosen with you, sends greetings; and so does Mark, my son.
1 Peter 5:14 Say hello to each other with a friendly kiss. May peace be with all of you who belong to Christ Jesus. Amen.

2 Peter 1:1 Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, writes to those who share our valuable faith, given through the goodness of God and Jesus Christ our Savior.
2 Peter 1:2 May grace and peace grow for you by knowing God and Jesus our Lord.
2 Peter 1:3 God's divine power has given us everything we need for life and goodness, through knowing him who called us to glory and excellence.
2 Peter 1:4 God has given us very great and valuable promises, so that through them you can share in God's nature, free from the world's corruption caused by human desires.
2 Peter 1:5 Also, try your best and add goodness to your faith; and to goodness, add knowledge.
2 Peter 1:6 Add self-control to your knowledge; and to self-control, add patience; and to patience, add devotion to God.
2 Peter 1:7 Add to being godly, kindness to others; and to kindness to others, love.
2 Peter 1:8 If these things are in you and grow, they will make sure you are not empty or unproductive in knowing our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:9 But if someone doesn't have these qualities, they are blind, can't see far, and have forgotten they were cleansed from their past sins.
2 Peter 1:10 So, my friends, work hard to confirm your calling and choice, because if you do these things, you will never stumble.
2 Peter 1:11 This way, you will be given a rich welcome into the eternal kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:12 So I will always remind you of these things, even though you know them and are firm in the truth you have now.
2 Peter 1:13 Yes, I believe it's right, as long as I'm in this body, to remind you and keep you thinking.
2 Peter 1:14 I know that soon I must leave this body, just as Jesus Christ has shown me.
2 Peter 1:15 I will try to make sure that after I die, you can always remember these things.
2 Peter 1:16 We didn't follow cleverly made-up stories when we told you about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ; we saw his greatness with our own eyes.
2 Peter 1:17 He got honor and glory from God the Father when a voice from the magnificent glory said to him, "This is my dear Son, who makes me happy."
2 Peter 1:18 We heard this voice from heaven when we were with him on the holy mountain.
2 Peter 1:19 We also have a more certain message from the prophets. You do well to pay attention to it, like a light shining in a dark place, until the day breaks and the morning star rises in your hearts.
2 Peter 1:20 Understand this: No prophecy in the Bible comes from someone's own explanation.
2 Peter 1:21 The prophecy did not come long ago by human will, but holy men spoke from God as they were inspired by the Holy Spirit.

2 Peter 2:1 But there were fake prophets among the people, just as there will be fake teachers among you. They will secretly introduce harmful false teachings, even denying God who saved them, and cause quick destruction for themselves.
2 Peter 2:2 Many will follow their harmful ways, and because of them, the way of truth will be badly spoken of.
2 Peter 2:3 Greedy people will use fake words to exploit you. Their punishment, long overdue, won't be delayed, and their destruction is not asleep.
2 Peter 2:4 If God did not spare the angels who sinned but threw them into hell and put them in dark chains to be kept for judgment;
2 Peter 2:5 God did not spare the ancient world, but He saved Noah, the eighth person, who was a preacher of doing right, by bringing a flood on the world of the wicked.
2 Peter 2:6 God turned Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes, punishing them as a warning to those who would live wickedly.
2 Peter 2:7 God rescued good man Lot, who was troubled by the evil peoples' dirty behavior.
2 Peter 2:8 The good man lived among them, and he felt troubled every day by the wrong things he saw and heard them do.
2 Peter 2:9 God knows how to save good people from trials and keep the wrongdoers for punishment on the judgment day.
2 Peter 2:10 Mostly those who follow their desires in impure lust and scorn authority are bold and stubborn, not fearing to insult those with honor.
2 Peter 2:11 Even angels, stronger and more powerful, don't bring harsh accusations against others before God.
2 Peter 2:12 These people, like wild animals born to be caught and killed, speak badly about what they don't understand and will completely die in their own corruption.
2 Peter 2:13 They will get the punishment for wrongdoing because they think it's fun to go wild in broad daylight. They are like stains and flaws, enjoying their tricks while they eat with you.
2 Peter 2:14 They have eyes full of cheating and can't stop sinning; they trick weak people and have hearts trained in greed; they are cursed.
2 Peter 2:15 They left the right path and went wrong, following the path of Balaam, son of Beor, who loved getting paid for doing wrong.
2 Peter 2:16 But was corrected for his wrong: the silent donkey speaking with a human voice stopped the prophet's craziness.
2 Peter 2:17 These are like empty wells and clouds blown away by storms; they are headed for the darkest darkness forever.
2 Peter 2:18 When they speak big, empty words, they tempt people with fleshly desires and reckless behavior, those who had barely gotten away from those making mistakes.
2 Peter 2:19 They promise freedom, but they are slaves to corruption. For if something defeats a person, that person is enslaved by it.
2 Peter 2:20 If, after they have escaped the world's corruption by knowing Jesus Christ, they get caught and overcome by it again, their final state is worse than their first.
2 Peter 2:21 It would have been better if they had never known the right way, than to know it and then turn away from the holy command they were given.
2 Peter 2:22 What happened to them is just like the true saying, "A dog goes back to its vomit," and, "A washed pig returns to roll in the mud."

2 Peter 3:1 My dear friends, I am writing to you again to awaken your clean thoughts by helping you remember.
2 Peter 3:2 So you will remember the words spoken before by the holy prophets and the command given by us, the apostles of the Lord and Savior.
2 Peter 3:3 First, know that in the last days, people who mock others will come, following their own desires.
2 Peter 3:4 They ask, "Where is the promise of his coming? For ever since our ancestors died, everything goes on just as it has since the world was created."
2 Peter 3:5 They willingly ignore that long ago, by God's command, the heavens came to be and the earth was formed out of water and by water.
2 Peter 3:6 The world at that time was flooded with water and destroyed.
2 Peter 3:7 The heavens and earth that exist today are maintained by God's command, saved for fire when the time comes for judging and destroying sinful people.
2 Peter 3:8 Dear friends, don't forget this one thing: with God, one day is like a thousand years, and a thousand years are like one day.
2 Peter 3:9 God is not slow to fulfill His promise, as some think of slowness, but is patient with us, not wanting anyone to die, but for everyone to turn from their sins.
2 Peter 3:10 God's day will come like a thief at night. Then the sky will disappear with a loud bang, and the basic parts of the world will dissolve from extreme heat. The earth and everything on it will be burned up.
2 Peter 3:11 Since everything will be destroyed, how should you live? Live a holy and godly life.
2 Peter 3:12 Waiting for and hurrying the arrival of God's day when the skies will burn and vanish and everything will melt from intense heat.
2 Peter 3:13 We expect new heavens and a new earth, as God promised, where goodness lives.
2 Peter 3:14 So, dear friends, since you are looking forward to this, try hard to be found by God in peace, clean, and without fault.
2 Peter 3:15 Understand that our God's patience means salvation, just as our dear brother Paul also wrote to you with the wisdom given to him.
2 Peter 3:16 In all his letters, he talks about these topics. Some ideas are hard to grasp. The uneducated and unsure people distort them, like they do with other parts of the Bible, and this leads to their ruin.
2 Peter 3:17 So, dear friends, since you already know this, be careful not to be led astray by the wrong of wicked people and lose your strong position.
2 Peter 3:18 Keep growing in kindness and in understanding our leader and rescuer, Jesus Christ. May he be honored now and always. Amen.

1 John 1:1 What was there from the start, which we have heard, seen with our own eyes, and touched with our hands, is about the message of life.
1 John 1:2 The life appeared, we have seen it, and we tell you about it. We show you the eternal life that was with God and was shown to us.
1 John 1:3 We tell you what we've seen and heard so you can join us. Our friendship is with God and his Son Jesus Christ.
1 John 1:4 We write these things to you so that your joy can be complete.
1 John 1:5 We heard a message from him and now tell you: God is light, with no darkness at all.
1 John 1:6 If we claim to have a close relationship with God but live in the wrong way, we are lying and not living by the truth.
1 John 1:7 But if we live in the truth, as he is in the truth, we share a bond with each other, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleans us from all sin.
1 John 1:8 If we claim we have no sin, we lie to ourselves, and we don't have the truth.
1 John 1:9 If we admit our sins, God is loyal and fair to forgive us our sins, and to make us clean from all wrongdoing.
1 John 1:10 If we say we haven't sinned, we call God a liar, and his message isn't in us.

1 John 2:1 Dear children, I write this to you so you don't sin. But if anyone does sin, we have someone who speaks to God for us, Jesus Christ the good one.
1 John 2:2 He is the sacrifice for our sins, not only ours but also for the whole world's.
1 John 2:3 We know we know God if we follow his commands.
1 John 2:4 The person who says, "I know God," but doesn't follow his commands is lying, and doesn't have the truth in them.
1 John 2:5 But whoever keeps his word truly has God's love made perfect in them: by this we know we are with him.
1 John 2:6 Whoever says they live in him should also walk just as he did.
1 John 2:7 Friends, I am not writing a new rule to you, but an old rule you've known from the start. This old rule is the message you've heard since the start.
1 John 2:8 I am giving you a new command: what I tell you is true in both him and you. The dark times are over, and now the real light is shining.
1 John 2:9 Anyone who claims to be in the light but hates their brother or sister is still in the dark.
1 John 2:10 The person who loves their brother lives in the light, and there is nothing in them that causes falling.
1 John 2:11 Whoever hates their brother lives in the dark, walks in the dark, and doesn't know where they're going, because the dark has made them blind.
1 John 2:12 I write to you, young ones, because God has forgiven your sins for the sake of His name.
1 John 2:13 I write to you, fathers, because you know the one who is from the start. I write to you, young men, because you have beaten the evil one. I write to you, children, because you know the Father.
1 John 2:14 I wrote to you, fathers, because you know the one from the start. I wrote to you, young men, because you are strong, God's message stays in you, and you have beaten the evil one.
1 John 2:15 Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, God's love is not in them.
1 John 2:16 Everything in the world, the cravings of the body, the desires of the eyes, and life's arrogance, does not come from God but from the world.
1 John 2:17 The world ends, and its desires too: but the person who does what God wants lives forever.
1 John 2:18 Little children, this is the final hour. You have heard that the enemy of Christ is coming, and now many such enemies are already here. This shows us that it is truly the final hour.
1 John 2:19 They left us because they were not truly with us. If they were, they would have stayed. Their leaving showed they weren't really part of us.
1 John 2:20 You have a special gift from the Holy One, and you know everything.
1 John 2:21 I have written to you not because you don't know the truth, but because you do know it and that no lie comes from the truth.
1 John 2:22 Who lies except the one who denies that Jesus is the Christ? He is against Christ, who denies both the Father and the Son.
1 John 2:23 Anyone who denies the Son does not have God; but whoever accepts the Son has God too.
1 John 2:24 Keep what you've heard from the start in you. If what you've heard from the start stays in you, you will also stay in the Son and in God.
1 John 2:25 This is the promise he made to us: eternal life.
1 John 2:26 I have written these things to you about those who mislead you.
1 John 2:27 The special blessing you got from God stays in you, and you don't need anyone to teach you. That very blessing teaches you everything, and it's true, not a lie. Just as it has taught you, stay close to God.
1 John 2:28 And now, little children, stay close to him; so that when he comes, we can be brave and not feel embarrassed in front of him.
1 John 2:29 If you know that God is good, you know that anyone who does good things is God's child.

1 John 3:1 Look at how much love God has given us, so we can be called God's children. That's why the world doesn't recognize us, because it didn't recognize him.
1 John 3:2 Friends, now we are children of God, and it's not yet clear what we will become. But we know that when he comes, we will be like him because we will see him as he truly is.
1 John 3:3 Everyone who has this hope in him makes himself clean, just as God is clean.
1 John 3:4 Anyone who sins also breaks the law, because sin is breaking the law.
1 John 3:5 You know he appeared to remove our sins, and he has no sin.
1 John 3:6 Anyone who stays true to God does not sin; anyone who sins has not seen or known God.
1 John 3:7 Kids, don't let anyone trick you: if someone does what is right, they are good, just like God is good.
1 John 3:8 Anyone who sins belongs to the devil because the devil has been sinning from the start. The Son of God came to destroy the devil's work.
1 John 3:9 Anyone born of God does not keep on sinning because God's nature stays in them; they can't keep sinning because they are born of God.
1 John 3:10 This shows who are God's children and who are the devil's children: anyone who does not act righteously is not from God, nor is the one who does not love their brother.
1 John 3:11 This is the message you have heard from the start: we should love each other.
1 John 3:12 Unlike Cain, who belonged to the evil one and killed his brother. And why did he kill him? Because his actions were bad, and his brother's were good.
1 John 3:13 Do not be surprised, my friends, if the world hates you.
1 John 3:14 We understand that we have moved from death to life because we love our fellow believers. Whoever does not love their sibling remains in death.
1 John 3:15 Anyone who hates their brother or sister is a killer, and you know that no killer has eternal life in them.
1 John 3:16 We understand God's love because He gave up His life for us, and we should be willing to give up our lives for others.
1 John 3:17 If someone has what they need in this world and sees their brother in need but does not care for him, how can God's love be in that person?
1 John 3:18 My dear children, let's not love just with words or speech, but with actions and truth.
1 John 3:19 We know we belong to the truth, and we can calm our hearts before God.
1 John 3:20 If we feel guilty, God is bigger than our feelings and knows everything.
1 John 3:21 Dear friends, if we don't feel guilty, we have trust in God.
1 John 3:22 Whatever we ask for, we get from God because we follow his commands and do what makes him happy.
1 John 3:23 This is God's command: we must believe in his Son, Jesus Christ, and love each other as he told us to.
1 John 3:24 Whoever follows his commands lives in God, and God in him. This is how we know God remains in us: by the Spirit he gave us.

1 John 4:1 Dear friends, do not believe all spirits, but test the spirits to see if they are from God, for many false prophets have spread throughout the world.
1 John 4:2 You know God's Spirit if it says Jesus Christ came as a human.
1 John 4:3 Any spirit that does not admit Jesus Christ has come as a human is not from God. This is the spirit of the enemy of Christ you have heard about, which is already in the world.
1 John 4:4 You belong to God, little children, and have defeated them: because the one in you is greater than the one in the world.
1 John 4:5 They belong to the world, so they talk about worldly things, and the world listens to them.
1 John 4:6 We belong to God: anyone who knows God listens to us; anyone who does not belong to God does not listen to us. This is how we know the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
1 John 4:7 Dear friends, let's love each other, because love comes from God. Everyone who loves is God's child and understands God.
1 John 4:8 Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.
1 John 4:9 God showed his love for us by sending his one and only Son into the world so we could have life through him.
1 John 4:10 Love is this: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the sacrifice for our sins.
1 John 4:11 Dear friends, if God loved us so much, we should also love each other.
1 John 4:12 No one has ever seen God. If we love each other, God lives in us and his love becomes complete in us.
1 John 4:13 We know we live in God and God lives in us because he has given us his Spirit.
1 John 4:14 We have seen and tell others that God sent his Son to save the world.
1 John 4:15 Anyone who says Jesus is the Son of God lives with God, and God lives with him.
1 John 4:16 We know and trust God's love for us. God is love; anyone living in love lives in God, and God lives in them.
1 John 4:17 Our love is made complete by this, so that we can be confident on judgment day: because we are like him in this world.
1 John 4:18 Love has no fear; true love gets rid of fear because fear brings pain. Someone who is afraid doesn't have complete love.
1 John 4:19 We love God because God loved us first.
1 John 4:20 If someone says, "I love God," but hates his brother, he is lying. If he doesn't love his brother who he can see, how can he love God who he cannot see?
1 John 4:21 We have this rule from God: Anyone who loves God should love their brother too.

1 John 5:1 Anyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God, and everyone who loves the parent also loves the child.
1 John 5:2 We know that we love God's children when we love God and follow His rules.
1 John 5:3 God's love means we follow his rules, and his rules aren't hard to follow.
1 John 5:4 Everything born of God defeats the world, and our faith is the victory that defeats the world.
1 John 5:5 Who is it that defeats the world, if not the person who believes that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 John 5:6 This is the one who came by water and blood, Jesus Christ; not only by water but by water and blood. And the Spirit is the one who shows this is true, because the Spirit is truth.
1 John 5:7 There are three in heaven who testify: the Father, the Word, and the Holy Spirit, and these three are one.
1 John 5:8 There are three things on earth that show the truth: the Spirit, the water, and the blood, and they all agree.
1 John 5:9 If we accept human testimony, God's testimony is even greater: because this is what God has said about his Son.
1 John 5:10 Whoever believes in God's Son has the proof within themselves; but whoever does not believe God has called him a liar, because they do not believe the testimony God has given about his Son.
1 John 5:11 This is what has been recorded: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:12 Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.
1 John 5:13 I have written these things to you who believe in the name of God’s Son; so that you may know you have eternal life, and continue to believe in the name of God’s Son.
1 John 5:14 We are sure that if we ask for anything that God wants, he listens to us.
1 John 5:15 If we know that God listens to us, whatever we ask, we know that we get the things we asked from Him.
1 John 5:16 If anyone sees their brother or sister commit a sin that does not lead to death, they should pray, and God will give them life. This is for those whose sin does not lead to death. There is a sin that leads to death; I'm not saying to pray about that.
1 John 5:17 Every wrong action is a sin, but not all sins lead to death.
1 John 5:18 We know that whoever is born of God does not sin; but the one born of God protects himself, and the evil one cannot harm him.
1 John 5:19 We know we belong to God, while the whole world is trapped in evil.
1 John 5:20 We know that the Son of God has come and has given us the ability to know the true God. We are united with the true God through his Son, Jesus Christ. He is the real God and eternal life.
1 John 5:21 Young ones, stay away from false gods. So be it.

2 John 1:1 I, an older leader, write to the chosen woman and her children, whom I love because we know the truth. Not only I love them, but all who know the truth do too.
2 John 1:2 We live by the truth, and it will always be with us.
2 John 1:3 May grace, mercy, and peace be with you from God the Father and from Jesus Christ, the Father's Son, in truth and love.
2 John 1:4 I was very happy to see some of your children living in truth, just as we were commanded by God.
2 John 1:5 Now I ask you, lady, not as if I'm writing a new rule to you, but the one we've had from the start: that we should love each other.
2 John 1:6 Love means following his commands. Keep the command you’ve known from the start: follow it.
2 John 1:7 Many tricksters have come into the world who do not admit that Jesus Christ has come as a human. Such a person is a liar and against Christ.
2 John 1:8 Take care that we don't lose what we have worked for, but that we get the full reward.
2 John 1:9 Anyone who sins and does not follow Christ's teaching does not have God. Whoever follows Christ's teaching has God the Father and the Son.
2 John 1:10 If anyone comes to you and does not teach this message, do not welcome them into your home or wish them well.
2 John 1:11 Anyone who wishes him well shares in his wrong actions.
2 John 1:12 I have a lot to tell you, but I don't want to do it by writing. I hope to visit you soon and talk in person, so we can both be completely joyful.
2 John 1:13 Your chosen sister's children say hello to you. Amen.

3 John 1:1 The older leader to the dear friend Gaius, who I love truly.
3 John 1:2 Dear friend, I hope that you do well and stay healthy, just as your inner self is doing well.
3 John 1:3 I was very happy when the brothers came and told about the truth in you, just as you live by the truth.
3 John 1:4 I am happiest when I hear that my children live in truth.
3 John 1:5 Dear friend, you are doing a good job whatever you do for the brothers and sisters and for strangers.
3 John 1:6 They have told the church about your kindness. If you help them continue their journey in a way that honors God, you will do well.
3 John 1:7 They went out for the sake of his name and accepted nothing from non-believers.
3 John 1:8 We should welcome such people to help us work for the truth.
3 John 1:9 I wrote to the church, but Diotrephes, who likes to be the most important among them, does not welcome us.
3 John 1:10 Therefore, if I come, I will remind everyone of what he does, like talking bad about us with mean words: he's not only unhappy with this, he also doesn't welcome other believers, stops those who want to, and throws them out of the church.
3 John 1:11 Dear friends, do not follow what is evil but follow what is good. The person who does good is from God, but the person who does evil has not known God.
3 John 1:12 Demetrius has a good reputation with everyone, and with the truth itself. Yes, and we also testify for him, and you know that what we say is true.
3 John 1:13 I have a lot to say, but I won't write it all with ink and pen to you.
3 John 1:14 I hope to see you soon and talk with you in person. I wish you peace. Our friends send their greetings. Say hello to each of our friends by name.

Jude 1:1 Jude, a servant of Jesus Christ and brother of James, writes to those made holy by God the Father, kept safe in Jesus Christ, and chosen.
Jude 1:2 May you receive more and more mercy, peace, and love.
Jude 1:3 Friends, I tried very hard to write to you about the salvation we share. I found it necessary to write, urging you to fight for the faith given to God's holy people once for all.
Jude 1:4 Some men have secretly entered among us, who were already marked long ago for judgement. They are ungodly, misuse God's kindness for immoral behavior, and reject our only God and Lord, Jesus Christ.
Jude 1:5 I will remind you, even though you once knew, that God, after saving the people from Egypt, later destroyed those who did not believe.
Jude 1:6 God has kept the angels who did not stay in their position of authority but left their home in eternal chains in darkness until the day of the great judgment.
Jude 1:7 Just like Sodom and Gomorrah, and the nearby cities, which indulged in sexual immorality and pursued unnatural desires, serve as a warning by undergoing punishment with everlasting fire.
Jude 1:8 These dirty dreamers pollute their bodies, reject authority, and insult respected figures.
Jude 1:9 Even Michael the archangel, when arguing with the devil about Moses's body, didn't dare to accuse him harshly, but instead said, "God correct you."
Jude 1:10 They speak badly about what they don't understand, but they act on instinct like wild animals, and it leads to their ruin.
Jude 1:11 Trouble to them! They have followed Cain's path, chased Balaam's mistake for money, and were destroyed arguing like Korah.
Jude 1:12 These are like stains at your love feasts, eating with you without shame, like clouds without rain blown by the wind, or like trees with dried-up fruit, twice dead and uprooted.
Jude 1:13 Wild sea waves, spraying their own shame; wandering stars, for which eternal darkness is kept.
Jude 1:14 Enoch, who was the seventh generation after Adam, spoke of these things, saying, "Look, God is coming with thousands of his holy ones."
Jude 1:15 To carry out judgment on everyone, and to show all the ungodly people their wrong actions they did in an ungodly way, and for all the harsh words ungodly sinners spoke against God.
Jude 1:16 These are grumblers and complainers, living to satisfy their own desires. They brag loudly and flatter others for their own benefit.
Jude 1:17 Friends, remember the words the apostles of Jesus Christ said before.
Jude 1:18 They told you that there would be scoffers in the last days, following their own sinful desires.
Jude 1:19 These are the ones who cause divisions, follow their natural desires, and do not have the Spirit.
Jude 1:20 But friends, build yourselves up in your most sacred faith and pray with the Spirit.
Jude 1:21 Stay in God's love, waiting for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you eternal life.
Jude 1:22 Be kind to some, making a change.
Jude 1:23 Save others by scaring them from danger, like pulling them from fire; and hate even clothes stained by sinful lives.
Jude 1:24 To him who can prevent you from falling and make you stand without fault before God with great joy,
Jude 1:25 To the only wise God our Savior, be honor and greatness, authority and strength, both now and forever. Amen.

Revelation 1:1 This is the unveiling of Jesus Christ, which God gave to him to show his servants what must soon happen; and he made it known through his angel to his servant John.
Revelation 1:2 He testified about God's word, Jesus Christ's message, and everything he saw.
Revelation 1:3 Happy is the one who reads, and those who listen to the words of this prophecy, and follow what is written in it, because the time is near.
Revelation 1:4 John to the seven churches in Asia: May you have grace and peace from God, who is, who was, and who will come; and from the seven Spirits in front of his throne.
Revelation 1:5 From Jesus Christ, the trustworthy witness, the first to rise from the dead, and the ruler of earth's kings. He loved us and cleaned our sins with his blood.
Revelation 1:6 God has made us rulers and priests to serve God and his Father; may glory and power be his forever and ever. Amen.
Revelation 1:7 Look, he is coming with the clouds; everyone will see him, even those who hurt him; and all the people of the world will cry because of him. Yes, Amen.
Revelation 1:8 I am the First and the Last, the start and the end, says God, who is, was, and will come, the All-Powerful.
Revelation 1:9 I, John, who am also your brother, and share in your suffering, in God's kingdom and in the patience Jesus Christ taught, was on the island called Patmos because of God's message and to tell about Jesus Christ.
Revelation 1:10 I was filled with the Spirit on God’s day and heard a loud voice behind me, like a trumpet.
Revelation 1:11 Saying, "I am the Beginning and the End, the first and the last: and, what you see, write in a book, and send it to the seven churches in Asia; to Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea."
Revelation 1:12 I turned to see who was speaking to me. When I turned, I saw seven gold lampstands.
Revelation 1:13 In the middle of the seven lampstands was someone like the Son of Man, dressed in a long robe, with a golden belt around his chest.
Revelation 1:14 His head and hair were white like wool, white as snow; and his eyes were like flames of fire.
Revelation 1:15 His feet were like polished bronze glowing as if in a fire, and his voice was like the noise of many waters.
Revelation 1:16 In his right hand he held seven stars, and a sharp double-edged sword came from his mouth. His face shone like the bright sun.
Revelation 1:17 When I saw him, I fell at his feet like I was dead. But he put his right hand on me and said, "Don't be afraid; I am the first and the last."
Revelation 1:18 I am the one who lives, and was dead; look, I live forever, Amen; and I hold the keys to hell and death.
Revelation 1:19 Write what you have seen, what is now, and what will happen later.
Revelation 1:20 The secret of the seven stars you saw in my right hand and the seven gold lampstands is this: the seven stars are the messengers of the seven churches, and the seven lampstands you saw are the seven churches.

Revelation 2:1 Write to the messenger of the Ephesus church: He who holds the seven stars in his right hand and walks among the seven gold lampstands says this.
Revelation 2:2 I know your actions, your hard work, your patience, and that you cannot tolerate evil people. You have tested those who claim to be apostles but are not, and you have discovered they are liars.
Revelation 2:3 You have carried on, been patient, worked hard for my sake, and not given up.
Revelation 2:4 However, I have something against you, because you have abandoned your first love.
Revelation 2:5 Remember where you have fallen from, and turn back, and do the first works; or else I will come to you soon, and will take away your candlestick from its place, unless you turn back.
Revelation 2:6 But you have this: you hate what the Nicolaitans do, and I also hate it.
Revelation 2:7 Whoever has an ear should listen to what the Spirit tells the churches; I will allow those who prevail to eat from the tree of life in God's paradise.
Revelation 2:8 Write to the angel of the church in Smyrna: The one who is the first and the last, who was dead and is now alive, says these things.
Revelation 2:9 I know your actions, troubles, and poverty (but you are rich), and I understand the insults from those who claim to be Jews but are not, instead they belong to Satan's group.
Revelation 2:10 Don't be afraid of what you will suffer. The devil will put some of you in jail to test you, and you will face troubles for ten days. Stay faithful even if it means death, and I will give you the reward of life.
Revelation 2:11 Anyone with an ear should listen to what the Spirit tells the churches; whoever overcomes will not be harmed by the second death.
Revelation 2:12 Write to the angel of the church in Pergamos: These words are from the one who has the sharp two-edged sword.
Revelation 2:13 I know what you have done and where you live, where Satan has power. You remain true to my name and have not turned away from my faith, even when Antipas, my faithful witness, was killed among you where Satan lives.
Revelation 2:14 But I have some complaints about you, because you have people there who follow Balaam's teaching, which showed Balak how to lead the children of Israel to sin by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins.
Revelation 2:15 You also have people who follow the Nicolaitanes' teaching, which I hate.
Revelation 2:16 Change your ways; if not, I will come to you soon, and I will battle against them with the sharp words from my mouth.
Revelation 2:17 Anyone who has ears should listen to what the Spirit tells the churches. Whoever wins, I will let them eat the secret bread, and I will give them a white stone with a new name on it, a name that no one knows except the one who gets it.
Revelation 2:18 Write to the angel of the church in Thyatira: The Son of God, who has eyes like flames of fire and feet like polished brass, says this.
Revelation 2:19 I know what you do, your love, help, belief, patience, and actions; and your recent works are greater than your earlier ones.
Revelation 2:20 Nevertheless, I have some complaints about you because you allow that woman Jezebel, who claims to be a prophet, to teach and tempt my followers to sin sexually and to eat food offered to idols.
Revelation 2:21 I gave her time to stop her immoral behavior, but she did not repent.
Revelation 2:22 Look, I will throw her onto a bed, and those who cheat with her will suffer greatly unless they are sorry for what they have done.
Revelation 2:23 I will cause her children to die, and all the churches will understand that I am the one who examines minds and hearts. I will reward each of you according to your actions.
Revelation 2:24 I tell you and the others in Thyatira, if you don't follow this teaching and haven't explored Satan's deep secrets, as they say, I will not give you any other difficulty.
Revelation 2:25 Keep firmly to what you already have until I arrive.
Revelation 2:26 Whoever overcomes and does my work until the end, I will give them authority over the nations.
Revelation 2:27 He will rule them with an iron rod; like a potter's vessels, they will be shattered, just as I received from my Father.
Revelation 2:28 I will give him the morning star.
Revelation 2:29 Anyone with ears should listen to what the Spirit tells the churches.

Revelation 3:1 Write to the angel of the church in Sardis: He who has the seven spirits of God and the seven stars says, I know your actions; you have a reputation for being alive, but you are dead.
Revelation 3:2 Stay alert and make stronger what is left, even though it is close to death, because your deeds are not yet complete in God's eyes.
Revelation 3:3 Remember how you have received and heard; keep it firmly and turn away from your wrongs. If you do not stay alert, I will come like a thief, and you will not know when I will come to you.
Revelation 3:4 You have a few people in Sardis who have not dirtied their clothes; they will walk with me dressed in white because they are worthy.
Revelation 3:5 Whoever overcomes will be dressed in white clothes; I will not erase their name from the book of life, but I will acknowledge their name before God and his angels.
Revelation 3:6 If you have an ear, listen to what the Spirit says to the churches.
Revelation 3:7 Write to the angel of the church in Philadelphia: The one who is holy and true, who holds David's key, who opens doors no one can close, and closes doors no one can open, says these things.
Revelation 3:8 I know what you do: see, I have placed an open door before you that no one can close. You have a bit of strength, have obeyed my message, and have not rejected my name.
Revelation 3:9 Look, I will make those from Satan's group, who claim to be Jews but are not and are lying, come and bow down before you and understand that I love you.
Revelation 3:10 Because you have followed my teaching about endurance, I will also protect you from the time of testing that is going to happen to everyone on earth.
Revelation 3:11 Look, I am coming soon. Keep what you have, so that no one will take your crown.
Revelation 3:12 Whoever wins, I will make them a strong supporter in the house of my God. They will never leave it. I will write on them the name of my God, the name of my God's city, the new Jerusalem that comes down from heaven from my God, and I will also write on them my new name.
Revelation 3:13 Anyone who has ears should listen to what the Spirit tells the churches.
Revelation 3:14 Write to the angel of the Laodicean church: The Amen, the reliable and truthful witness, the first of God's creation, says these things.
Revelation 3:15 I know what you do; you are not cold or hot. I wish you were either cold or hot.
Revelation 3:16 Because you are neither hot nor cold, but lukewarm, I will spit you out of my mouth.
Revelation 3:17 Because you say, "I am rich, have lots of things, and need nothing," you do not know that you are truly sad, pitiful, poor, blind, and naked.
Revelation 3:18 I advise you to buy from me gold refined by fire so you can be wealthy; and white clothes to wear, so your nakedness won't be seen; and put salve on your eyes, so you can see.
Revelation 3:19 I correct and discipline everyone I love. So be eager, and change your ways.
Revelation 3:20 Look, I am waiting at the door and knocking. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and have dinner with him, and he with me.
Revelation 3:21 I will let those who win sit with me on my throne, just as I won and sat down with God on his throne.
Revelation 3:22 If you have an ear, listen to what the Spirit tells the churches.

Revelation 4:1 After this, I saw that a door in heaven was open: and the first sound I heard was like a trumpet speaking to me; it said, "Come up here, and I will show you what must happen after this."
Revelation 4:2 Right away I was in the spirit, and I saw a throne in heaven with someone sitting on it.
Revelation 4:3 The person sitting there looked like he was made of jasper and carnelian stones, and there was a rainbow encircling the throne, which appeared like an emerald.
Revelation 4:4 Around the throne were twenty-four chairs, and on the chairs I saw twenty-four elders sitting, dressed in white clothes, with gold crowns on their heads.
Revelation 4:5 From the throne came flashes of lightning, rumblings, and sounds; and seven flaming lamps were burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God.
Revelation 4:6 In front of the throne, there was a clear glass sea like crystal. Around and at the center of the throne, there were four creatures covered with eyes in front and back.
Revelation 4:7 The first creature looked like a lion, the second one like a young cow, the third had a face like a person, and the fourth was like a flying eagle.
Revelation 4:8 Each of the four creatures had six wings and was covered with eyes inside. They never stop, day or night, saying, "Holy, holy, holy, God Almighty, who was, and is, and is coming."
Revelation 4:9 When those creatures give praise, respect, and thanks to the one on the throne, who lives forever and ever,
Revelation 4:10 The twenty-four elders kneel before the one on the throne and worship the one who lives forever, and they throw their crowns in front of the throne, saying.
Revelation 4:11 You are worthy, God, to get glory, honor, and power because you created everything, and they were made for your pleasure.

Revelation 5:1 I saw in the right hand of the one sitting on the throne a book written inside and on the back, sealed with seven seals.
Revelation 5:2 I saw a powerful angel calling out loudly, "Who is good enough to open the book and break its seals?"
Revelation 5:3 No one in heaven, on earth, or under the earth could open the book or even look inside it.
Revelation 5:4 I cried a lot because no one was worthy to open and read the book, or even to look at it.
Revelation 5:5 One of the elders said to me, "Don't cry: see, the Lion from the Judah tribe, the Root of David, has succeeded in opening the book and breaking its seven seals."
Revelation 5:6 I saw that in the center of the throne and the four creatures, and among the elders, there was a Lamb that looked as if it had been killed. It had seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent out into the whole world.
Revelation 5:7 He came and took the scroll from the right hand of the one sitting on the throne.
Revelation 5:8 When he took the scroll, the four creatures and the twenty-four elders bowed down before the Lamb. Each one had a harp and gold bowls filled with fragrances, which are the prayers of God's people.
Revelation 5:9 They sang a new song, saying, "You are worthy to take the book, and to open its seals: because you were killed, and have bought us for God with your blood, from every family, language, people, and country."
Revelation 5:10 You have made us kings and priests to serve our God, and we will rule over the earth.
Revelation 5:11 I saw and heard many angels around the throne, the creatures, and the elders. There were millions and millions of them.
Revelation 5:12 Shouting loudly, the Lamb who was killed is worthy to get power, wealth, wisdom, strength, honor, glory, and praise.
Revelation 5:13 Every creature in heaven, on earth, under the earth, in the sea, and everything in them, I heard saying, "Blessing, honor, glory, and power be to the one on the throne, and to the Lamb forever and ever."
Revelation 5:14 The four creatures said, "Amen." The twenty-four elders fell down and worshiped the one who lives forever and ever.

Revelation 6:1 I saw the Lamb open a seal, and I heard what sounded like thunder. One of the four creatures said, "Come and see."
Revelation 6:2 I saw a white horse, and its rider had a bow. He was given a crown and rode out to win many battles and gain victory.
Revelation 6:3 When he opened the second seal, I heard the second creature say, "Come and see."
Revelation 6:4 Another red horse came out, and its rider was given the power to remove peace from the earth and make people kill each other. He was also given a large sword.
Revelation 6:5 When he opened the third seal, I heard the third creature say, "Come and see." I looked, and there was a black horse, and the rider held weighing scales.
Revelation 6:6 I heard a voice among the four creatures say, "A measure of wheat for a coin, and three measures of barley for a coin; but do not damage the oil and the wine."
Revelation 6:7 When he opened the fourth seal, I heard the fourth creature say, "Come and see."
Revelation 6:8 I looked and saw a pale horse. The rider's name was Death, and Hell came with him. They were given power over a quarter of the world, to kill with the sword, hunger, death, and wild animals.
Revelation 6:9 When he opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of those who had been killed because of God's message and their witness.
Revelation 6:10 They shouted loudly, "How long, God, holy and true, until you judge and punish those on the earth for our blood?"
Revelation 6:11 White clothes were given to each of them; they were told to rest for a little while longer until the number of their fellow servants and brothers who were going to be killed like them was complete.
Revelation 6:12 I saw when he opened the sixth seal, there was a huge earthquake; the sun turned black like rough cloth, and the moon turned red like blood.
Revelation 6:13 The stars from the sky fell to the earth, like a fig tree drops its early figs when a strong wind shakes it.
Revelation 6:14 The sky split like a rolled-up scroll, and all the mountains and islands shifted from their spots.
Revelation 6:15 The world's leaders, important people, wealthy individuals, top officers, powerful individuals, and all slaves and free people hid in caves and among the rocks of the mountains.
Revelation 6:16 They said to the mountains and rocks, "Fall on us and hide us from the one on the throne and from the Lamb's anger."
Revelation 6:17 The great day of God's anger has come; who can stand against it?

Revelation 7:1 After these events, I saw four angels at the earth's four farthest places, holding back the four winds so that no wind would blow on the land, the sea, or any tree.
Revelation 7:2 I saw another angel coming up from the east with God's mark. He shouted to the four angels who had power to harm the earth and sea.
Revelation 7:3 Say, do not harm the earth, the sea, or the trees, until we have marked the servants of God on their foreheads.
Revelation 7:4 I heard how many were sealed: 144,000 from all the tribes of Israel's children.
Revelation 7:5 From the tribe of Judah, twelve thousand were sealed. From the tribe of Reuben, twelve thousand were sealed. From the tribe of Gad, twelve thousand were sealed.
Revelation 7:6 Twelve thousand from the tribe of Asher were sealed. Twelve thousand from the tribe of Naphtali were sealed. Twelve thousand from the tribe of Manasseh were sealed.
Revelation 7:7 Twelve thousand from the tribe of Simeon were marked, twelve thousand from the tribe of Levi were marked, and twelve thousand from the tribe of Issachar were marked.
Revelation 7:8 From the Zebulun tribe, twelve thousand were sealed. From the Joseph tribe, twelve thousand were sealed. From the Benjamin tribe, twelve thousand were sealed.
Revelation 7:9 After this, I saw a huge crowd that no one could count, from every nation, family, and language, standing in front of the throne and the Lamb. They were dressed in white and held palm branches.
Revelation 7:10 They shouted loudly, "Salvation belongs to our God who sits on the throne, and to the Lamb."
Revelation 7:11 All the angels stood around the throne, the elders, and the four creatures, and they fell on their faces before the throne and worshiped God.
Revelation 7:12 Saying, "Amen: Praise, glory, wisdom, thanks, honor, power, and strength to our God forever and ever. Amen."
Revelation 7:13 One of the leaders asked me, "Who are these dressed in white clothes, and where did they come from?"
Revelation 7:14 I said to him, "Sir, you know." He told me, "These are the ones who came from hard times, and they have cleaned their clothes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb."
Revelation 7:15 So they are in front of God's throne, serving Him day and night in His temple; and the one sitting on the throne will live with them.
Revelation 7:16 They will not be hungry or thirsty anymore; the sun and heat will not burn them.
Revelation 7:17 The Lamb at the center of the throne will take care of them and lead them to springs of living water, and God will remove all tears from their eyes.

Revelation 8:1 When he opened the seventh seal, there was quiet in heaven for about half an hour.
Revelation 8:2 I saw the seven angels standing before God; they were given seven trumpets.
Revelation 8:3 Another angel came and stood at the altar with a gold censer; he was given a lot of incense to offer along with all the saints' prayers on the gold altar in front of the throne.
Revelation 8:4 The smoke from the incense, going up with the saints' prayers, rose before God from the angel's hand.
Revelation 8:5 The angel took the incense burner, filled it with fire from the altar, and threw it onto the earth. Then there were voices, thunder, lightning, and an earthquake.
Revelation 8:6 The seven angels with the seven trumpets got ready to blow them.
Revelation 8:7 The first angel blew his trumpet, and hail and fire mixed with blood fell to the earth. One third of the trees and all the green grass were burned up.
Revelation 8:8 The second angel blew his trumpet, and it looked like a huge mountain on fire was thrown into the sea, making a third of the sea turn into blood.
Revelation 8:9 A third of the living sea creatures died, and a third of the ships were destroyed.
Revelation 8:10 The third angel blew his trumpet, and a large star fell from the sky. It was burning like a torch and dropped on a third of the rivers and on the water springs.
Revelation 8:11 The star is named Wormwood; a third of the waters turned to wormwood, and many people died from the bitter waters.
Revelation 8:12 The fourth angel blew his trumpet, and one third of the sun, one third of the moon, and one third of the stars were struck, so that a third of them turned dark. A third of the day lost its light, and the night was the same.
Revelation 8:13 I saw and heard an angel flying across the sky, shouting loudly, "Trouble, trouble, trouble to the people on earth because of the trumpet sounds from the three other angels that are still to come!"

Revelation 9:1 The fifth angel blew his trumpet, and I saw a star fall from the sky to the earth. He was given the key to the bottomless pit.
Revelation 9:2 He opened the endless pit; smoke came out like from a big furnace; it made the sun and air dark.
Revelation 9:3 Locusts came out of the smoke onto the earth, and they were given power like earth's scorpions have power.
Revelation 9:4 They were told not to harm the earth's grass, any green plants, or any trees, but only the people who do not have God's seal on their foreheads.
Revelation 9:5 They were allowed not to kill them, but to cause them pain for five months: and their pain was like the sting of a scorpion when it strikes a person.
Revelation 9:6 In those days, people will want to die, but they won't be able to; they will long for death, but it will escape them.
Revelation 9:7 The locusts looked like horses ready for war; they had what seemed like gold crowns on their heads, and their faces were like human faces.
Revelation 9:8 They had hair like women's hair, and their teeth were like lion's teeth.
Revelation 9:9 They wore chest armor like iron, and the noise of their wings was like many horses and chariots rushing into war.
Revelation 9:10 They had tails like scorpions with stings, and they could harm people for five months with their power.
Revelation 9:11 They had a king, the angel of the abyss, named Abaddon in Hebrew and Apollyon in Greek.
Revelation 9:12 One trouble has passed; look, two more troubles will come after this.
Revelation 9:13 The sixth angel blew his trumpet, and I heard a voice from the four corners of the gold altar that is in front of God.
Revelation 9:14 Tell the sixth angel with the trumpet to free the four angels tied up at the big river Euphrates.
Revelation 9:15 The four angels were set free, who were ready for an hour, a day, a month, and a year, to kill a third of the people.
Revelation 9:16 The army of horsemen was 200 million; I heard their count.
Revelation 9:17 In the vision, I saw horses and their riders wearing fiery, blue, and sulfur chest protectors. The horses had heads like lions, and fire, smoke, and sulfur came out of their mouths.
Revelation 9:18 Through these three, a third of people were killed—by the fire, the smoke, and the sulfur that came from their mouths.
Revelation 9:19 Their strength is in their mouths and tails: their tails are like snakes with heads, and they use these to harm.
Revelation 9:20 The other people who were not killed by these disasters still did not change their minds about what their hands had done. They did not stop worshiping demons and idols made of gold, silver, bronze, stone, and wood, which cannot see, hear, or walk.
Revelation 9:21 They did not turn away from their murders, magic, sexual sins, or thefts.

Revelation 10:1 I saw another powerful angel come down from heaven, dressed in a cloud, with a rainbow on his head, his face shining like the sun, and his feet like pillars of fire.
Revelation 10:2 He held an open small book in his hand, and he put his right foot on the sea and his left foot on the land.
Revelation 10:3 He shouted loudly like a roaring lion, and when he shouted, seven thunders spoke out.
Revelation 10:4 When the seven thunders spoke, I was ready to write, but a voice from heaven told me, "Keep secret what the seven thunders said and do not write it down."
Revelation 10:5 The angel I saw standing on the sea and the earth raised his hand to the sky.
Revelation 10:6 He promised by the one who lives forever and ever, who made the sky and everything in it, the earth and everything on it, and the sea and everything in it, that there would be no more waiting.
Revelation 10:7 But when the seventh angel is about to blow his trumpet, the secret plan of God will be completed, just as he told his prophets.
Revelation 10:8 The voice I heard from heaven spoke to me again, saying, "Go and take the small open book from the angel standing on the sea and the earth."
Revelation 10:9 I went to the angel and asked him for the small book. He told me, "Take it and eat it. It will make your stomach bitter, but it will taste as sweet as honey in your mouth."
Revelation 10:10 I took the small book from the angel's hand and ate it. It tasted sweet like honey in my mouth, but when I ate it, my stomach felt bitter.
Revelation 10:11 He told me, "You must speak God's message again to many people, nations, different language speakers, and rulers."

Revelation 11:1 I was given a stick like a measuring rod, and the angel stood and said, "Get up and measure God's temple, the altar, and the people who worship there."
Revelation 11:2 Leave out the outer court of the temple and do not measure it, because it has been given to non-Jews, and they will walk all over the holy city for 42 months.
Revelation 11:3 I will give power to my two witnesses, and they will speak God's message for 1,260 days, dressed in rough clothing.
Revelation 11:4 These are the two olive trees and the two lampstands in front of the God of the earth.
Revelation 11:5 If anyone tries to harm them, fire comes from their mouths and eats up their enemies. If anyone tries to hurt them, they must be killed the same way.
Revelation 11:6 They have the power to close the sky so it doesn't rain during their prophecy, to turn water into blood, and to strike the earth with all kinds of diseases whenever they want.
Revelation 11:7 When they finish giving their message, the beast from the abyss will fight them, defeat them, and kill them.
Revelation 11:8 Their dead bodies will lie in the street of the great city, which in a spiritual sense is named Sodom and Egypt, where our Lord was also crucified.
Revelation 11:9 People from different families, languages, and countries will see their dead bodies for three and a half days and will not allow their bodies to be buried.
Revelation 11:10 People on earth will be happy about them, celebrate, and give each other presents because these two prophets caused trouble for those living on earth.
Revelation 11:11 Three and a half days later, the breath of life from God came into them, they stood up, and those who saw them were very afraid.
Revelation 11:12 They heard a loud voice from heaven say to them, "Come up here." And they went up to heaven in a cloud while their enemies watched.
Revelation 11:13 At that time, a huge earthquake happened, and one-tenth of the city collapsed. Seven thousand people died in the earthquake. The survivors were scared and praised the God of heaven.
Revelation 11:14 The second terrible event is over; look, the third terrible event is coming soon.
Revelation 11:15 The seventh angel blew his trumpet; loud voices in heaven said, "The world's kingdoms are now God's kingdoms and his Messiah's, and he will rule forever and ever."
Revelation 11:16 The twenty-four elders sitting in front of God on their thrones fell on their faces and worshiped God.
Revelation 11:17 Saying, we thank you, God Almighty, who is, who was, and who is to come; because you have used your great power and have become king.
Revelation 11:18 The nations were angry, your anger has come, the time for the dead to be judged, and the time to reward your prophets, your holy people, and all who respect your name, no matter if they are small or great; and the time to destroy those who have ruined the earth.
Revelation 11:19 God's temple in heaven was opened, and the ark of his covenant could be seen inside it. There were flashes of lightning, sounds, peals of thunder, an earthquake, and heavy hail.

Revelation 12:1 In heaven, a great sign appeared: a woman dressed in the sun, with the moon under her feet, and a crown of twelve stars on her head.
Revelation 12:2 She was pregnant and cried out in pain as she was about to give birth.
Revelation 12:3 Another amazing thing appeared in the sky; a huge red dragon with seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns on its heads.
Revelation 12:4 The dragon's tail swept away a third of the stars from the sky and threw them to the earth. The dragon stood in front of the woman about to give birth, ready to eat her child as soon as it was born.
Revelation 12:5 She gave birth to a boy, who would rule all countries with an iron scepter. Her child was taken up to God and His throne.
Revelation 12:6 The woman ran away to the desert, where God had made a place ready for her to be taken care of for one thousand two hundred and sixty days.
Revelation 12:7 There was a war in heaven: Michael and his angels battled the dragon, and the dragon and his angels fought back.
Revelation 12:8 They did not win, and they were no longer found in heaven.
Revelation 12:9 The great dragon, that old snake known as the Devil and Satan who tricks everyone, was thrown down to earth, and his angels were thrown down with him.
Revelation 12:10 I heard a loud voice in heaven say, "Now salvation, strength, and God's kingdom, and the power of His Christ are here: the one who accused our brothers, who blamed them before God day and night, has been thrown down."
Revelation 12:11 They defeated him through the Lamb's blood and their testimony; they did not hold onto their lives even in the face of death.
Revelation 12:12 Be happy, heavens, and all who live there. But sadness for the earth and sea people! The devil has come to you very angry, knowing he has little time left.
Revelation 12:13 When the dragon realized he had been thrown down to the earth, he chased the woman who had given birth to the male child.
Revelation 12:14 The woman was given two large eagle wings to fly to the wilderness, to her safe place, where she would be taken care of for a time, times, and half a time, away from the serpent.
Revelation 12:15 The snake shot water from its mouth like a flood at the woman, to sweep her away with the flood.
Revelation 12:16 The earth helped the woman by opening its mouth and swallowing the flood the dragon spat out.
Revelation 12:17 The dragon was angry with the woman and went to fight against the rest of her children, who follow God's commands and have the message of Jesus Christ.

Revelation 13:1 I stood on the sea's shore and saw a beast with seven heads and ten horns come up from the sea. It had ten crowns on its horns and names that insult God on its heads.
Revelation 13:2 The beast I saw was like a leopard, had feet like a bear, and a mouth like a lion; the dragon gave it his power, throne, and great authority.
Revelation 13:3 I saw one of the beast's heads as if it had been fatally wounded, but the deadly wound healed. Everyone in the world was amazed and followed the beast.
Revelation 13:4 They worshiped the dragon because it gave power to the beast: and they worshiped the beast, asking, "Who is like the beast? Who can fight against him?"
Revelation 13:5 He was given a mouth to speak big and disrespectful words; and he was allowed to use his power for 42 months.
Revelation 13:6 He spoke against God with insulting words, to disrespect His name, His dwelling, and those who live in heaven.
Revelation 13:7 He was allowed to fight against God's holy people and to defeat them. He was also given authority over all families, languages, and nations.
Revelation 13:8 Everyone living on Earth will worship him if their names are not in the Lamb's book of life, which was made before the world began.
Revelation 13:9 If anyone can hear, let them listen.
Revelation 13:10 Whoever takes someone captive will be taken captive; whoever kills with the sword must be killed with the sword. This calls for patient endurance and faithfulness from God's people.
Revelation 13:11 I saw another beast rise from the earth; it had two horns like a lamb but spoke like a dragon.
Revelation 13:12 He uses all the power of the first beast in its presence, and makes the earth and its people worship the first beast, whose fatal wound was healed.
Revelation 13:13 He performs great miracles, making fire come down from the sky to earth in front of people.
Revelation 13:14 He tricks the people on earth with the miracles he could do in front of the beast, telling them to make an image of the beast that was hurt by a sword and yet lived.
Revelation 13:15 He could make the beast's image come alive, so it could talk and order the death of anyone not worshiping it.
Revelation 13:16 He makes everyone, whether they are important or not, rich or poor, free or enslaved, have a mark on their right hand or forehead.
Revelation 13:17 No one could buy or sell unless they had the mark, the beast's name, or the number representing his name.
Revelation 13:18 Here is wisdom: Let the person with understanding calculate the beast's number, for it is a man's number; and the number is six hundred sixty-six.

Revelation 14:1 I looked and saw a Lamb standing on Mount Zion, and with him were 144,000 people with his Father's name on their foreheads.
Revelation 14:2 I heard a voice from heaven like the sound of many waters and like loud thunder. I also heard the sound of musicians playing their harps.
Revelation 14:3 They sang a new song before the throne, the four creatures, and the elders; and only the 144,000 who were saved from the earth could learn the song.
Revelation 14:4 These are the ones who were not impure with women; they are virgins. They follow the Lamb wherever he goes. They were saved from people, the first to be offered to God and the Lamb.
Revelation 14:5 They spoke no lies and are blameless before God's throne.
Revelation 14:6 I saw another angel flying high in the sky, with the eternal good news to tell everyone on earth and to every country, family group, language, and people.
Revelation 14:7 Speak loudly, respect God, and honor Him; because it's time for His judgment: and adore Him who created the sky, the land, the sea, and the water springs.
Revelation 14:8 Another angel followed, saying, "Babylon has fallen, that big city, because she made all countries drink the wine of her anger from her wrong acts."
Revelation 14:9 The third angel followed them and shouted loudly, "If anyone worships the beast and its statue, and gets its mark on their forehead or hand,
Revelation 14:10 That person will drink from the wine of God's anger, which is poured full strength into the cup of his fury; and they will be punished with fire and sulfur in front of the holy angels and the Lamb.
Revelation 14:11 The smoke from their suffering goes up forever and ever, and they have no rest day or night, those who worship the beast and its image, and anyone who accepts the mark of its name.
Revelation 14:12 This shows the patience of God's people: they obey God's commands and stay faithful to Jesus.
Revelation 14:13 I heard a voice from heaven telling me, "Write: Happy are those who die believing in God from now on. Yes, the Spirit says, they will rest from their hard work, for their good deeds go with them."
Revelation 14:14 I saw a white cloud, and sitting on the cloud was someone like the Son of man with a golden crown on his head and a sharp sickle in his hand.
Revelation 14:15 Another angel came out of the temple and called loudly to the one sitting on the cloud, "Put in your sickle and harvest, because the time to harvest has arrived; the earth's crops are fully grown."
Revelation 14:16 The one sitting on the cloud swung his harvesting tool over the earth; and the earth was harvested.
Revelation 14:17 Another angel came out of the temple in heaven with a sharp sickle.
Revelation 14:18 Another angel came from the altar, with control over fire, and shouted to the one with the sharp sickle, "Put in your sharp sickle and cut the bunches of grapes from the earth's vines, because they are completely ripe."
Revelation 14:19 The angel swung his sickle on the earth, gathered its grapes, and threw them into the big winepress of God's anger.
Revelation 14:20 People crushed the grapes outside the city, and blood flowed from it as high as horse's bridles, stretching for 200 miles.

Revelation 15:1 I saw another amazing sign in heaven: seven angels with the last seven plagues, because with them God's anger is complete.
Revelation 15:2 I saw something like a glass sea mixed with fire, and those who had beaten the beast, its image, its mark, and the number of its name, were standing on the glass sea with God's harps.
Revelation 15:3 They sing Moses' song, the servant of God, and the Lamb's song, saying, "Your works are great and wonderful, God Almighty; your paths are right and true, you King of the holy."
Revelation 15:4 Who wouldn't fear you, God, and honor your name? You alone are holy. All countries will come to worship you because your fair decisions are clear to all.
Revelation 15:5 After that I saw, and look, the temple of the tent of the witness in heaven was opened.
Revelation 15:6 The seven angels left the temple with the seven plagues, dressed in clean white cloth, and wearing gold belts around their chests.
Revelation 15:7 One of the four creatures gave the seven angels seven gold bowls filled with God's anger, who lives forever.
Revelation 15:8 The temple was full of smoke because of God's glory and power, and no one could go into the temple until the seven angels' seven plagues were finished.

Revelation 16:1 I heard a loud voice from the temple telling the seven angels, "Go and pour out the bowls of God's anger on the earth."
Revelation 16:2 The first angel went and poured out his bowl on the earth; and there came a painful and bad sore on the people who had the beast's mark and on those who worshiped its image.
Revelation 16:3 The second angel emptied his bowl into the sea, and it turned into blood like that of a dead person, and all life in the sea died.
Revelation 16:4 The third angel poured out his bowl on the rivers and springs of water, and they turned into blood.
Revelation 16:5 I heard the angel of the waters say, "You are righteous, God, who is, who was, and who will be, because you have made this judgment."
Revelation 16:6 They have spilled the blood of holy people and prophets, and you have given them blood to drink because they deserve it.
Revelation 16:7 I heard someone from the altar say, "Yes, God Almighty, your decisions are true and fair."
Revelation 16:8 The fourth angel poured out his bowl on the sun, and he was given power to burn people with fire.
Revelation 16:9 People were burned by intense heat, and they spoke against God, who has power over these plagues, but they did not change their ways to honor Him.
Revelation 16:10 The fifth angel poured his bowl on the beast's throne, and its kingdom became dark; people bit their tongues from pain.
Revelation 16:11 They insulted the God of heaven because of their pain and sores, but did not turn away from their actions.
Revelation 16:12 The sixth angel emptied his bowl on the big river Euphrates; the river dried up to make a path for the kings from the east.
Revelation 16:13 I saw three dirty spirits like frogs come from the dragon's mouth, from the beast's mouth, and from the false prophet's mouth.
Revelation 16:14 They are the spirits of demons, performing miracles, and they go out to the rulers of the world to bring them together for the great battle on God's mighty day.
Revelation 16:15 Look, I will come like a thief. Happy is the one who stays awake and keeps their clothes on, so they're not naked and people don't see their shame.
Revelation 16:16 He brought them together to a place called Armageddon in Hebrew.
Revelation 16:17 The seventh angel emptied his bowl into the air; and a loud voice came from heaven's temple, from the throne, saying, "It is finished."
Revelation 16:18 There were sounds and thunder and lightning; and a huge earthquake happened, the biggest ever since humans lived on Earth.
Revelation 16:19 The large city split into three, and the cities of nations collapsed. Great Babylon was remembered by God, who decided to make her drink from the cup filled with the strong wine of His anger.
Revelation 16:20 Every island disappeared, and no mountains were seen.
Revelation 16:21 Large hailstones fell from the sky on people, each weighing as much as a talent; and people cursed God because of the terrible hailstorm.

Revelation 17:1 One of the seven angels, who had the seven bowls, came and spoke to me. He said, "Come here; I will show you the punishment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters."
Revelation 17:2 The rulers of the world have sinned with her, and the people of the world have become drunk with the wine of her sins.
Revelation 17:3 He took me in the spirit to the desert, and I saw a woman sitting on a bright red beast covered with blasphemous names, with seven heads and ten horns.
Revelation 17:4 The woman was dressed in purple and red, and decorated with gold, valuable gems, and pearls. She held a gold cup in her hand filled with disgusting things and the dirtiness of her sexual sins.
Revelation 17:5 On her forehead was written a name: Mystery, Babylon the Great, the mother of prostitutes and evil things on Earth.
Revelation 17:6 I saw the woman drunk on the blood of God's holy people and the blood of those who died for Jesus. When I saw her, I was greatly amazed.
Revelation 17:7 The angel asked me, "Why are you surprised? I will explain the secret of the woman and the beast she rides, the one with seven heads and ten horns."
Revelation 17:8 The creature you saw once existed, does not exist now, but will come up from the endless pit and will be destroyed. And the people living on earth whose names are not in the book of life since the world began will be amazed when they see the creature that existed, doesn't exist now, but will still appear.
Revelation 17:9 Here is a wise mind: The seven heads are seven hills that the woman sits on.
Revelation 17:10 There are seven kings: five have fallen, one exists now, and one has not yet come; when he does come, he will stay for only a little while.
Revelation 17:11 The creature that existed, no longer does, but is also the eighth and belongs to the seven, and it's heading for destruction.
Revelation 17:12 The ten horns you saw are ten kings who have not yet received a kingdom; but they get authority to rule as kings with the beast for a short time.
Revelation 17:13 They all think the same and will give their power and strength to the beast.
Revelation 17:14 They will fight against the Lamb, and the Lamb will defeat them because he is the ruler of all rulers and the king of all kings. Those with him are named, selected, and loyal.
Revelation 17:15 He told me, "The waters you saw, where the prostitute sits, are people, crowds, nations, and languages."
Revelation 17:16 The ten horns you saw on the beast will hate the prostitute. They will leave her empty and bare, eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.
Revelation 17:17 God has made them want to carry out his plan, to come together, and to hand over their power to the beast, until what God has said happens.
Revelation 17:18 The woman you saw represents the big city that has power over the world's rulers.

Revelation 18:1 After this I saw another angel coming down from heaven with great power, and the earth shone with his brightness.
Revelation 18:2 He shouted loudly, "Great Babylon has fallen and is now a place for demons, a prison for every bad spirit, and a cage for every dirty and hated bird."
Revelation 18:3 All countries have tasted the anger from her bad actions, and earth's rulers were bad with her, and the traders became wealthy from her many luxuries.
Revelation 18:4 I heard a voice from heaven say, "Leave that place, my people, so you won't share in its sins and suffer from its troubles."
Revelation 18:5 Her sins have piled up to heaven, and God has remembered her wrongs.
Revelation 18:6 Pay her back just as she has paid others, and give her twice as much as she did, based on her actions: in the cup she filled, give her twice as much.
Revelation 18:7 She has made herself important and enjoyed fine things, so give her the same in pain and sadness, because she thinks, 'I am a queen, I am not alone, and I will never be sad.'
Revelation 18:8 Her disasters will happen in one day—death, sadness, and hunger. She will be completely burned with fire because God who judges her is powerful.
Revelation 18:9 The rulers of the world, who sinned sexually and enjoyed luxury with her, will cry and mourn for her when they see the smoke from her burning.
Revelation 18:10 Watching from far away, scared of her suffering, they cried, "Oh no, oh no, the big city Babylon, the strong city! For in just one hour, your punishment has come."
Revelation 18:11 The traders of the world will cry and be sad for her; because no one buys their goods anymore.
Revelation 18:12 The goods of gold, silver, precious stones, pearls, fine cloth, purple fabric, silk, red cloth, all types of thyine wood items, all kinds of ivory items, all kinds of very valuable wood items, as well as those of brass, iron, and marble.
Revelation 18:13 Cinnamon, scents, creams, incense, wine, oil, good flour, wheat, animals, sheep, horses, carts, slaves, and people's lives.
Revelation 18:14 The things you really wanted are gone from you, and all the fine and wonderful things have left you, and you will never find them again.
Revelation 18:15 The sellers of these goods, who got rich through her, will stand far away because they are afraid of her suffering, crying and mourning.
Revelation 18:16 They said, "How sad, how sad for that great city dressed in fine linen, purple, and red, decorated with gold, precious stones, and pearls!"
Revelation 18:17 In one hour, such great wealth has turned to nothing. And every captain, all the ship crews, sailors, and everyone who sails the seas, stood far away.
Revelation 18:18 They cried as they saw the smoke from her burning, asking, "What city is as great as this city?"
Revelation 18:19 They threw dust on their heads, crying and mourning, saying, "How sad, how sad for that great city where everyone with ships at sea got rich from her wealth! In just one hour she has been ruined."
Revelation 18:20 Be happy, heaven, and all you holy messengers and prophets, because God has punished her for what she did to you.
Revelation 18:21 A powerful angel picked up a big rock like a huge grinding stone and threw it into the ocean, saying, "This is how the great city Babylon will be violently thrown down, never to be found again."
Revelation 18:22 The sounds of harp players, musicians, flute players, and trumpet players will not be heard in you anymore; no worker of any trade will be found in you anymore; and the noise of a millstone will not be heard in you anymore.
Revelation 18:23 Candles will not shine in you anymore; no one will hear the bride or groom's voice in you again. Your traders were powerful on earth; your magic tricks fooled all countries.
Revelation 18:24 In her, people found the blood of prophets, holy people, and everyone killed on earth.

Revelation 19:1 After this, I heard many people in heaven shouting loudly, "Hallelujah! Salvation, glory, honor, and power belong to our God."
Revelation 19:2 God's decisions are true and fair: He has judged the great whore who spoiled the earth with her immorality, and has punished her for the killing of His servants.
Revelation 19:3 They said again, "Praise God!" And her smoke went up forever and ever.
Revelation 19:4 The twenty-four elders and the four creatures bowed and worshipped God on the throne, saying, "Amen; Hallelujah."
Revelation 19:5 A voice from the throne said, "Praise our God, all his servants and those who respect him, no matter if you are unimportant or important."
Revelation 19:6 I heard what sounded like a huge crowd, like many rivers, and like loud thunder, saying, "Praise God: for God all-powerful rules."
Revelation 19:7 Let's be happy and celebrate, and show respect to God: for the Lamb's wedding has come, and his bride is prepared.
Revelation 19:8 She was allowed to wear bright, clean, white fine linen, because this fine linen represents the good deeds of God's people.
Revelation 19:9 He said to me, "Write, happy are those invited to the Lamb's wedding dinner." He added, "These words are God's truth."
Revelation 19:10 I fell at his feet to honor him. But he said to me, "Don't do that: I am a servant like you and your brothers who follow Jesus. Honor God, because following Jesus shows the truth about the future."
Revelation 19:11 I saw the sky open, and there was a white horse. The rider was named Faithful and True, and he judges and fights fairly.
Revelation 19:12 His eyes looked like burning fire, and he wore many crowns on his head. He had a name that only he knew.
Revelation 19:13 He wore a robe soaked in blood, and his name is The Word of God.
Revelation 19:14 The armies in heaven followed him on white horses, dressed in clean, white, fine linen.
Revelation 19:15 From his mouth comes a sharp sword to strike down nations. He will rule them with an iron stick, and he steps on the winepress of God's intense anger.
Revelation 19:16 He has a name written on his clothes and on his thigh, King of Kings, and God of Gods.
Revelation 19:17 I saw an angel standing in the sun, and he shouted loudly to all the birds flying in the sky, "Come and gather for the great feast of God."
Revelation 19:18 So that you can eat the meat of kings, commanders, strong men, horses, their riders, and all people, free or slave, small or important.
Revelation 19:19 I saw the beast, the kings of the earth, and their armies come together to fight the one on the horse and his army.
Revelation 19:20 The beast was caught, and with it the false prophet who did miracles for it, tricking those who had the beast's mark and worshipped its statue. Both were thrown alive into a fiery lake of sulfur.
Revelation 19:21 The rest were killed by the sword of the rider on the horse, the sword that came from his mouth, and all the birds ate their fill of their bodies.

Revelation 20:1 I saw an angel come down from heaven with a key to the endless pit and a big chain in his hand.
Revelation 20:2 He grabbed the dragon, the ancient snake called the Devil, or Satan, and tied him up for a thousand years.
Revelation 20:3 Throw him into the endless pit, close it, and seal it so he cannot trick the nations again until the thousand years end. After that, he will be set free for a short time.
Revelation 20:4 I saw seats of power, and people sat on them to judge. I saw those who lost their heads for telling about Jesus, and for God's word, who didn't worship the beast or its statue, and didn't get its mark on their foreheads or hands. They came to life and ruled with Christ for a thousand years.
Revelation 20:5 The other dead did not come to life until the thousand years ended. This is the first coming back to life.
Revelation 20:6 Happy and holy are those who share in the first rising from death: they are not hurt by the second death, but they will serve God and Christ as priests, and will rule with him for a thousand years.
Revelation 20:7 After a thousand years are over, Satan will be set free from his prison.
Revelation 20:8 The deceiver will go to trick the nations from all over the world, including Gog and Magog, to bring them together for war: their number is as great as the sand on the seashore.
Revelation 20:9 They spread out over the earth and surrounded the holy people's camp and the cherished city. Then fire from God fell from the sky and consumed them.
Revelation 20:10 The devil who tricked them was thrown into the fire lake with burning sulfur, where the beast and the false prophet also are, and they will be tormented all the time, forever and ever.
Revelation 20:11 I saw a big white seat, and the one sitting on it made the earth and sky run away; there was no place for them.
Revelation 20:12 I saw the dead, whether important or not, standing before God. The books were opened, and also the book of life. The dead were judged by what was written in these books, based on what they had done.
Revelation 20:13 The sea returned the dead in it; death and the grave also returned their dead; and all were judged by their actions.
Revelation 20:14 Death and hell were thrown into the fire lake. This is the second death.
Revelation 20:15 Anyone not listed in the book of life was thrown into the lake of fire.

Revelation 21:1 I saw a new sky and a new land because the first sky and the first land had gone, and there was no sea anymore.
Revelation 21:2 I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down from God from heaven, ready like a bride dressed for her husband.
Revelation 21:3 I heard a loud voice from heaven saying, "Look, God's home is now among people, and he will live with them. They will be his people, and God will be with them and be their God."
Revelation 21:4 God will remove all tears from their eyes; no more death, sadness, or crying; no more pain; the old ways are gone.
Revelation 21:5 The one sitting on the throne said, "Look, I am making everything new." Then he told me, "Write these down, because these words are trustworthy and true."
Revelation 21:6 He told me, "It's finished. I am the First and the Last, the start and the end. I will give the thirsty person water from the life spring at no cost."
Revelation 21:7 Whoever wins will receive everything; I will be his God, and he will be my child.
Revelation 21:8 But those who are scared, those who don't believe, those who do bad things, killers, those who sell sex, those who use magic, people who worship idols, and all who lie will go into the lake of fire and sulfur, which means they will die a second time.
Revelation 21:9 One of the seven angels, who had the seven bowls with the last seven plagues, came to me and said, "Come here, I will show you the bride, the Lamb's wife."
Revelation 21:10 He took me in a vision to a tall and big mountain and showed me the great city, the holy Jerusalem, coming down from heaven from God.
Revelation 21:11 It had God's glory, and its light was like a very precious gem, like a clear jasper stone.
Revelation 21:12 It had a large, tall wall with twelve gates, and there were twelve angels at the gates. The names of the twelve tribes of Israel's children were written on the gates.
Revelation 21:13 On the east side, there are three gates; on the north side, three gates; on the south side, three gates; and on the west side, three gates.
Revelation 21:14 The city's wall had twelve base parts, and on them were the names of the Lamb's twelve apostles.
Revelation 21:15 The person speaking with me had a golden rod to measure the city, its gates, and its wall.
Revelation 21:16 The city is shaped like a square, with its length as wide as its width. He measured the city with the rod, twelve thousand stadia. Its length, width, and height are the same.
Revelation 21:17 He measured the wall, and it was 144 cubits tall, using a human measure, which is also an angel's measure.
Revelation 21:18 The city's wall was made of jasper, and the city itself was pure gold, as clear as glass.
Revelation 21:19 The city wall's foundations were decorated with all kinds of valuable stones. The first layer was jasper, the second sapphire, the third chalcedony, the fourth emerald.
Revelation 21:20 The fifth stone is sardonyx; the sixth is carnelian; the seventh is peridot; the eighth is aquamarine; the ninth is topaz; the tenth is green chalcedony; the eleventh is orange zircon; the twelfth is amethyst.
Revelation 21:21 The twelve gates were twelve pearls; each gate was made from a single pearl. The city's main road was pure gold, clear as glass.
Revelation 21:22 I saw no temple there: for God and the Lamb are its temple.
Revelation 21:23 The city did not need the sun or the moon for light because God's glory lit it up, and the Lamb was its light.
Revelation 21:24 The saved nations will walk in its light, and the earth's kings will bring their glory and honor into it.
Revelation 21:25 Its gates will never be closed during the day, because there will be no night there.
Revelation 21:26 They will bring the splendor and respect of the nations into it.
Revelation 21:27 Nothing unclean, no one who does disgusting things or tells lies will enter it, only those whose names are in the Lamb's book of life.

Revelation 22:1 He showed me a clear river of life-giving water, as bright as crystal, flowing from God's throne and the Lamb's.
Revelation 22:2 In the middle of the city's main street and on both sides of the river stood the tree of life. It produced twelve kinds of fruit, giving fresh fruit each month. The tree's leaves were used to heal the nations.
Revelation 22:3 There will be no more curses; God and the Lamb's throne will be there, and his servants will serve him.
Revelation 22:4 They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads.
Revelation 22:5 There will be no night there; they won't need a candle or sunlight because God will give them light, and they will rule forever and ever.
Revelation 22:6 He told me, "These words are trustworthy and true. God of the holy prophets sent his angel to show his servants what must soon happen."
Revelation 22:7 Look, I am coming soon: happy is the one who follows the teachings of this book's prophecy.
Revelation 22:8 I, John, saw and heard these things. After I heard and saw them, I fell down to worship at the feet of the angel who showed them to me.
Revelation 22:9 He said to me, "Don't do that. I'm a servant like you and your fellow prophets and all who follow this book's teachings. Worship God."
Revelation 22:10 He said to me, "Do not seal up the words of the prophecy of this book, because the time is near."
Revelation 22:11 Let those who are unfair continue to be unfair, those who are dirty continue to be dirty, those who are right continue to be right, and those who are holy continue to be holy.
Revelation 22:12 Look, I am coming soon, and I bring my reward with me, to give to each one according to what they have done.
Revelation 22:13 I am the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Revelation 22:14 Happy are those who follow his instructions, so they can have access to the tree of life and enter the city through its gates.
Revelation 22:15 Outside are dogs, magicians, sexually immoral people, killers, idol worshippers, and anyone who loves and makes lies.
Revelation 22:16 I, Jesus, sent my angel to tell you these things in the churches. I am the source and descendant of David, and the bright morning star.
Revelation 22:17 The Spirit and the bride say, "Come." Anyone who hears this should say, "Come." Anyone who is thirsty may come. Anyone who wants to can take the water of life for free.
Revelation 22:18 I tell everyone who hears this book's prophecy: If anyone adds anything to it, God will give them the plagues described in this book.
Revelation 22:19 If anyone takes away from the words of this prophecy, God will remove their share from the book of life, the holy city, and what is written in this book.
Revelation 22:20 The one who tells us these things says, "Yes, I will come soon." Amen. Come, Jesus.
Revelation 22:21 May the kindness of our Lord Jesus Christ be with everyone. Amen.

