2 Chronicles 1 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Chronicles/Chapter%201.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Chronicles 1:1 Solomon, David's son, became strong as a king, and God was with him and made him very great.
2 Chronicles 1:2 Then Solomon spoke to all Israel, including the leaders of thousands and hundreds, the judges, every ruler, and all the family heads.
2 Chronicles 1:3 Solomon and all the people with him went to the high place in Gibeon because that's where God's meeting tent, which Moses, God's servant, had made in the desert, was located.
2 Chronicles 1:4 David had moved the ark of God from Kirjathjearim to the spot he had set up for it; he had made a tent for it in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:5 The bronze altar made by Bezaleel, Uri's son, Hur's grandson, was placed in front of God's Tabernacle. Solomon and the people went to pray there.
2 Chronicles 1:6 Solomon went to the bronze altar in front of God, which was at the meeting tent, and gave a thousand burnt offerings on it.
2 Chronicles 1:7 That night, God appeared to Solomon and said to him, "Ask what you want me to give you."
2 Chronicles 1:8 Solomon said to God, "You have shown great kindness to my father David and have made me king in his place."
2 Chronicles 1:9 Now, God, let your promise to my father David be true, for you have made me king over a people as numerous as the dust of the earth.
2 Chronicles 1:10 Please give me wisdom and knowledge so I can lead your people. Who else can judge such a great group?
2 Chronicles 1:11 God told Solomon, "Since you wanted this and did not ask for money, wealth, honor, or the death of your enemies, and you did not even ask for a long life, but you asked for wisdom and knowledge to make good decisions for my people I have put you in charge of as their king:"
2 Chronicles 1:12 God has given you wisdom and knowledge; and you will receive riches, wealth, and honor more than any kings before you, and no future king will match what you have.
2 Chronicles 1:13 Solomon returned from his trip to the sacred site at Gibeon to Jerusalem, leaving the meeting tent, and ruled over Israel.
2 Chronicles 1:14 Solomon collected chariots and soldiers on horses. He had 1,400 chariots and 12,000 soldiers on horses. He put them in the chariot cities and near the king in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:15 The king made silver and gold as common in Jerusalem as stones, and he made cedar trees as plentiful as the sycamore trees in the lowlands.
2 Chronicles 1:16 Solomon got horses from Egypt and also linen yarn. The king's traders bought the yarn for a certain amount of money.
2 Chronicles 1:17 They brought a chariot from Egypt for six hundred silver coins, and a horse for one hundred and fifty coins: and in this way, they provided horses for all the Hittite and Syrian kings through their connections.
