2 Chronicles 12 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a plain-English version of the King James Version (KJV).
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Chronicles/Chapter%2012.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Chronicles 12:1 When Rehoboam secured the kingdom and grew strong, he and all Israel abandoned God's law.
2 Chronicles 12:2 In the fifth year of King Rehoboam's reign, Shishak the king of Egypt attacked Jerusalem because they had sinned against God.
2 Chronicles 12:3 With twelve hundred chariots and sixty thousand horsemen; the crowd with him from Egypt couldn't be counted, including the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.
2 Chronicles 12:4 He captured the walled cities belonging to Judah and went to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 12:5 The prophet Shemaiah came to Rehoboam and to the leaders of Judah who had come to Jerusalem because of Shishak. He told them, "God says, 'You have abandoned me, so I have allowed Shishak to take control over you.'"
2 Chronicles 12:6 The leaders of Israel and the king bowed down; they said, God is fair.
2 Chronicles 12:7 When God saw that they were humble, God's message came to Shemaiah, saying, 'They have become humble; so I won't destroy them and will give them some relief; my anger will not fall on Jerusalem through Shishak.'
2 Chronicles 12:8 They will still serve him, so they can learn about serving me and serving the rulers of other lands.
2 Chronicles 12:9 Shishak, the king of Egypt, attacked Jerusalem and stole all the treasures from God's house and the king's house. He also took the gold shields that Solomon had made.
2 Chronicles 12:10 King Rehoboam made bronze shields to replace them and gave them to the chief of the guards who watched over the entrance to the king's palace.
2 Chronicles 12:11 When the king went into God's house, the guards took them and brought them back to the guardroom.
2 Chronicles 12:12 When he became humble, God's anger moved away from him so he was not completely destroyed; and in Judah, things improved.
2 Chronicles 12:13 King Rehoboam got stronger in Jerusalem and ruled. Rehoboam was 41 when he started to rule, and he ruled for 17 years in Jerusalem, the city that God picked from all the Israel tribes to place his name. His mother was Naamah, from Ammon.
2 Chronicles 12:14 He did wrong because he did not prepare his heart to seek God.
2 Chronicles 12:15 The things Rehoboam did, from beginning to end, are recorded in the writings of the prophet Shemaiah and the historian Iddo, which include family records, right? And Rehoboam and Jeroboam were always fighting wars against each other.
2 Chronicles 12:16 Rehoboam died and was buried in David's city, and his son Abijah became king after him.
