2 Chronicles 19 — Simplified Bible (simplified.bible)
Simplified Bible: a simplified English version of the Holy Bible.
Web page: https://simplified.bible/Old%20Testament/2%20Chronicles/Chapter%2019.html
Usage terms: https://simplified.bible/about/#quoting

2 Chronicles 19:1 King Jehoshaphat of Judah went back to his home in Jerusalem safely.
2 Chronicles 19:2 Jehu, son of Hanani, the seer, met him and said to King Jehoshaphat, "Should you help the wicked and love those who hate God? For this, God's anger is on you."
2 Chronicles 19:3 Still, good things are in you because you removed the idol worship places from the land and made your heart ready to look for God.
2 Chronicles 19:4 Jehoshaphat lived in Jerusalem and he traveled among the people from Beersheba to Mount Ephraim, leading them back to God, the God of their ancestors.
2 Chronicles 19:5 He placed judges in the country in all the protected cities of Judah, in each city.
2 Chronicles 19:6 He told the judges, "Be careful in what you do, because you are not judging for humans, but for God, who is with you when you make judgments."
2 Chronicles 19:7 So now let the fear of God be with you; be careful and do it: because there is no wrong with our God, no favoritism, or acceptance of bribes.
2 Chronicles 19:8 In Jerusalem, Jehoshaphat appointed Levites, priests, and Israelite leaders to judge for God and settle disputes when they came back to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 19:9 He instructed them, "Do this respecting God, faithfully and with a true heart."
2 Chronicles 19:10 Whenever your fellow people from the cities come to you with a problem, whether it's about a crime, a law, or rules and decisions, you must warn them not to disobey God, so that they and you will not face God's anger. Do this, and you will not do wrong.
2 Chronicles 19:11 Look, Amariah the main priest is in charge of all God's issues; and Zebadiah, Ishmael's son, is the leader for all the king's business: and the Levites will work for you. Act bravely, and God will be with the good.
